Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Burnley and Manchester City at Turf Moor.
The Premier League is back for a new season, and it gets underway with an intriguing match-up between a newly promoted side and the reigning champions. Burnley could have hardly been given a tougher opening fixture, but they should come into it with confidence after cruising to the Championship title last time out in their first season back in the second tier. Led by Vincent Kompany, a Citizens' legend from his playing career, Burnley reached 101 points and secured promotion with seven games to play, and they will be hoping to get off the mark with a positive result on home soil.
City, meanwhile, claimed a historic treble last term, finally winning their first Champions League title while also taking Premier League and FA Cup glory. It has been a transfer window of change with key players of recent years such as Riyad Mahrez and Ilkay Gundogan leaving the club, but they still come into this campaign expected to be frontrunners and they will be looking to get off to a winning start as they bid for a sixth Premier League crown in seven seasons.
BURNLEY (4-4-2): James Trafford; Connor Roberts, Dara O'Shea, Ameen Al Dakhil, Jordan Beyer; Luca Koleosho, Sander Berge, Josh Cullen, Vitinho; Mohamed Zeki Amdouni, Lyle Foster.
SUBS: Josh Brownhill, Jacob Bruun Larsen, Arijanet Muric, Manuel Benson, Anass Zaroury, Jack Cork, Nathan Redmond, Hjalmar Ekdal, Johann Gudmundsson.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-2-3-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Manuel Akanji, Nathan Ake, Rico Lewis; Kevin De Bruyne, Rodri; Bernardo Silva, Julian Alvarez, Phil Foden; Erling Haaland.
SUBS: Aymeric Laporte, Kalvin Phillips, Cole Palmer, James McAtee, Sergio Gomez, Stefan Ortega Moreno, Mateo Kovacic, Josko Gvardiol, Jack Grealish.
Kompany includes six new signings as Trafford, signed from City in this window, starts between the sticks while O'Shea comes into the back four alongside Al Dakhil, who has had his loan move made permanent after impressing last season. Berge, Koleosho and Amdouni are the other fresh faces set to play from the off.
In contrast, Pep Guardiola opts to leave his new arrivals on the bench as Gvardiol and Kovacic will be made to wait for their competitive City debuts. Key defenders John Stones and Ruben Dias both miss out through injury while Grealish is on the bench. Lewis starts and so does Alvarez, charged with supporting the prolific Haaland in attack.
The two teams make their way onto the pitch ahead of the opening Premier League game of the season!
Burnley kick us off, and we are underway in what promises to be another thrilling campaign!
De Bruyne wins an early corner as City look to quiet the lively home crowd with an opening goal.
GOAL!!! HAALAND PUTS CITY AHEAD!!! Having netted 36 Premier League goals last season, it has taken just four minutes for him to open his account for this campaign. It is a typical Haaland goal as he lurks in the box while De Bruyne lofts a deep cross for Rodri. The midfielder nods it back across, and the Norway international is waiting to smash home and put the champions 1-0 up!
Rodri's header was clever to put it on a plate for Haaland, who finished with typical aplomb.
Burnley fans and players scream for a penalty as Amdouni goes down under the challenge of Akanji, but the referee waves away the protests before a VAR review confirms no spot-kick will be awarded.
It is far from the ideal start for Kompany and the Clarets, who find themselves a goal down against the defending champions. Can they respond?
De Bruyne whips a dangerous ball into the box, and Haaland is there to meet it at the back post. It is at an awkward height, though, and the striker can only volley high over the crossbar.
Haaland – who scored twice in City's opening Premier League game last season – scored a hat-trick in his only previous game against Burnley, a 6-0 win in last season's FA Cup quarter-final. It took him only four minutes to net here in the opening game for the Citizens for a second campaign in a row.
Burnley work the ball nicely into the visitors' penalty area, and it eventually ends up at the feet of Koleosho. The 18-year-old tries to pick out the far corner, but he gets well underneath his effort and Ederson watches it soar over his crossbar. That was better from Kompany's side, though.
Trafford makes a brilliant stop to deny Rodri's header after Burnley were caught out at a set-piece situation, though a delayed flag goes up for offside and the goal would not have counted anyway.
Amdouni gives Ederson his first test of the contest, though the City goalkeeper is able to get down and save the low shot with relative ease.
City have had 69.7 per cent of the possession so far, but Burnley are certainly showing no signs of being overawed and have exhibited some neat attacking play themselves.
Guardiola may be forced into an early change, and it would be an especially damaging one too as De Bruyne clutches at his hamstring.
De Bruyne does indeed limp off, and Kovacic comes on in his place for his City debut.
Haaland has now contributed to at least one goal in his last seven Premier League away games (seven goals, one assist).
Rodri makes a vital interception to nip the ball away from Amdouni after Lewis gave possession away in a dangerous situation. That is a huge let-off for the youngster.
Foster cuts in on his right foot and tries to curl into the far corner, but he cannot get enough bend on his effort and it flies wide of the post. Burnley are looking lively when they come forward.
Burnley have won just one of their last 23 league matches against Manchester City (D6 L16) and have lost the last eight in a row by an aggregate score of 26-1. They have responded well to going behind here, though.
City are just enjoying a spell of possession as they try to slow the momentum their hosts had built up in recent minutes.
Some brilliant interplay between Kovacic and Foden takes the latter into a dangerous position in the Burnley box, but Trafford does brilliantly to race out of his goal and snuff out the chance for a shot.
GOAL!!! HAALAND AGAIN!!! It is a quite brilliant finish to put City 2-0 up, perhaps against the run of play, as he receives the ball in the box from Alvarez. He opts to shoot first-time, and he curls superbly into the top left corner, kissing the crossbar and going in to put his team in control at Turf Moor.
Alvarez's lay-off was perfectly weighted for Haaland to arrow home.
Burnley will feel hard done by to be two behind, but City have been magnificently ruthless. Two shots on target and two goals for the Citizens, who are surely on their way to three points to kick off the season.
In all competitions, City have won 11 games in a row against Burnley, scoring 40 goals and conceding just one. They beat them 6-0 in the FA Cup last season, inflicting the Clarets' heaviest defeat since losing 6-0 to City themselves in March 1999 in a league game.
Having responded well to City's first goal, the second does seem to have knocked the wind out of Burnley's sails and the home crowd have certainly quietened. It may be a case of getting to the break just the two goals down to regroup and go again in the second 45 minutes.
There will be five minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
Burnley have won their opening game in just two of their eight previous Premier League seasons (D1 L5), winning 3-2 at reigning champions Chelsea in 2017-18 and 3-0 at home to Southampton in 2019-20.
HALF-TIME: BURNLEY 0-2 MANCHESTER CITY
The half-time whistle blows as City take a 2-0 lead into the break after a ruthless display in the opening period. They were ahead after just four minutes, Haaland opening his account for the season by smashing home from Rodri's clever headed assist. Burnley responded well to going 1-0 down and could have levelled through Koleosho and then Foster, but they would go two goals behind before the break as Haaland curled home superbly from Alvarez's lay-off to leave the champions very much in the ascendancy at the interval.
Burnley are in an unfamiliar situation having been so dominant in the Championship last season, but Kompany will remain encouraged by his team's first-half performance despite the scoreline. It would take an almighty effort to recover anything from this game though, facing a side who are unbeaten in their last 44 Premier League games when leading at half-time, failing to win just three of those.
City get us back underway for the second period.
City have won their opening Premier League game in 12 of the last 14 seasons, with both exceptions coming against Tottenham (0-0 in 2010-11, 0-1 in 2021-22). They look on their way to another victory to kick off the season here.
O'Shea makes an important intervention to nip in and take the ball off the toes of Haaland after Silva tried to feed the striker.
Haaland races onto Alvarez's throughball but the pass takes him wide, and O'Shea does well to race back and block the forward's eventual shot behind for a corner.
Rodri lets fly with a fierce effort from 30 yards out, and Trafford is forced to tip it over his crossbar for a corner. The City midfielder then gets his head on the end of the resulting set-piece, but Trafford is again equal to it and gathers down to his right.
The Clarets will have to produce more going forward if they are to make an unlikely comeback, accumulating just 0.23 xG (expected goals) to this point.
A sweeping City move sees them carve Burnley open again. Haaland lays the ball to his right for Alvarez, but the Argentina international's first touch takes him wide and his drive ends up flying well wide of the right post.
Kompany looks to his bench, first introducing Bruun Larsen for his Burnley debut in place of Koleosho.
Zaroury also comes on for Amdouni.
What impact will those changes have on the hosts' attacking efforts?
Burnley's last shot came all the way back in the 37th minute. For all of their impressive work, they have just lacked a little in the final third in this game.
Rodri marauds forwards and space looks to have opened up for him to smash towards goal. He just seems hesitant to pull the trigger, though, and by the time he finally does, a Burnley defender is well-placed to block his drive.
With 20 minutes to play, can City see the remainder of the game out for three points to kick off what they hope will be another successful defence of their Premier League crown?
Foden tries to pick out Haaland in lots of space in the box, but he gets the cross wrong and it flies well out of his striker's reach.
Beyer limps off for Benson.
GOAL!!! RODRI SURELY KILLS IT OFF!!! After City were awarded a free-kick for Al Dakhil bundling over Haaland, Foden's set-piece delivery causes havoc in the Burnley box as they fail to clear their lines. It sits up nicely for Rodri to hit, and he coolly smashes home to make it 3-0 to the visitors and surely end any hopes of a Clarets comeback.
With the result surely beyond doubt, it appears Guardiola will look to shake it up by making substitutes.
Guardiola does indeed make changes, first bringing on Gvardiol for his City debut as Lewis makes way.
Ake is replaced by Laporte.
Haaland will not get a hat-trick to start the season as his outing is over. Palmer is on in his place.
Burnley lost just one home league game in 2022-23 (W16 D6), going down 2-1 against QPR in April. However, as a Premier League side they have lost five of their last eight at Turf Moor, and they look on course for another defeat here.
Alvarez stings the palms of Trafford with a fierce drive, though the goalkeeper deals with it well.
Rodri's strike has capped an excellent performance, pulling the strings for the Citizens with an assist and a goal while leading his team in final third entries (14) and touches (88).
The fourth official puts up his board and indicates there will be six minutes of additional time at the end of this game.
Berge makes way for Brownhill.
Redmond enters the fray for Foster.
Zaroury brings down Walker with a sliding challenge, receiving the first yellow of the contest. However, VAR is checking for a potential red card, and Zaroury may be in further trouble...
ZAROURY IS SENT OFF!!! The replays show the substitute's right foot catches Walker high on his left leg, and a VAR review rules the tackle is worthy of a red card. Burnley are down to 10 men!
Walker, just involved in the incident that saw Zaroury given his marching orders, makes way for McAtee.
FULL-TIME: BURNLEY 0-3 MANCHESTER CITY
City's Premier League title defence is off to a winning start as they claim a comfortable 3-0 triumph over newly promoted Burnley at Turf Moor. They were set on their way to victory just four minutes in, Haaland thumping home Rodri's neat assist before the prolific striker made it 2-0 before the break with a sublime curling finish. It was a long way back for the Clarets, and any hopes of an unlikely turnaround were ended 15 minutes from time when Rodri smashed into the back of the net after a free-kick caused havoc in the Burnley penalty area. Things got even worse for the hosts in the dying seconds as Zaroury initially received a yellow card for a foul on Walker, only for a VAR review to adjudge the tackle to be worthy of a sending-off as City run out easy victors.
The first Premier League game of the season goes the way of the champions, moving them top of the league ahead of the rest of the opening round of fixtures this weekend. That is a position they will attempt not to relinquish in their bid for a sixth league title in seven seasons. For Kompany and Burnley, they will be encouraged by a decent performance, if not the result, in a fixture that will be one of the hardest they play all season.
Thanks for joining us for live coverage of Manchester City's 3-0 Premier League victory over Burnley at Turf Moor. Goodbye!
Hello everyone and welcome to live text coverage of the Premier League match between Arsenal and Nottingham Forest at the Emirates Stadium.
The opening weekend of the Premier League continues with reigning champions Manchester City setting the early tempo with a commanding 3-0 win over Burnley on Friday. Arsenal will aim to follow suit as they look to launch their title challenge against the side that ended their pursuit last season.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): Aaron Ramsdale; Thomas Partey, Ben White, William Saliba, Jurrien Timber; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Kai Havertz; Bukayo Saka, Eddie Nketiah, Gabriel Martinelli.
SUBS: Karl Hein, Gabriel Magalhaes, Emile Smith Rowe, Jakub Kiwior, Takehiro Tomiyasu, Leandro Trossard, Jorginho, Fabio Vieira, Reiss Nelson.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (3-4-3): Matt Turner; Willy Boly, Joe Worrall, Scott McKenna; Serge Aurier, Ryan Yates, Orel Mangala, Ola Aina; Danilo, Brennan Johnson, Morgan Gibbs-White.
SUBS: Ethan Horvath, Neco Williams, Cheikhou Kouyate, Taiwo Awoniyi, Chris Wood, Moussa Niakhite, Anthony Elanga, Remo Freuler, Lewis O'Brien.
Mikel Arteta makes just a single change from last weekend's Community Shield victory - albeit a hugely intriguing one with Nketiah replacing Gabriel, who drops to the bench. In a subsequent tactical reshuffle, White moves across into the heart of defence with Thomas starting at right-back. Havertz moves into an attacking three-man midfield alongside Odegaard and Rice, with Nketiah leading the line.
Meanwhile, Matt Turner starts in goal in the week he joined Forest from Arsenal. The former Gunner is one of two new signings named in Steve Cooper's starting line-up along with Aina, who joined on a free transfer. Interestingly, there is no place for Awoniyi, who enjoyed a strong finish to last season - scoring the winner against Arsenal in May.
It is not the first time the two sides are meeting on the opening weekend of a Premier League season. Indeed, they did the same a quarter of a century ago, Marc Overmars scoring the winner as Arsenal prevailed 2-1 at Highbury.
Kick-off has been delayed by 30 minutes due to an issue at the turnstiles. Stay tuned for further updates.
The stadium is gradually filling up with plenty of fans now taking their seats. We should not be too far from starting here.
Later than planned, but the players are finally making their way out onto the field. Kick-off at the Emirates is moments away.
Michael Oliver is today's referee. He blows his whistle and Forest get the match under way.
Both sides will be looking to address their respective form from last season. Arsenal kept just four Premier League clean sheets on home soil, while Forest had the worst away record in the division - winning just one of 19 matches and registered just eight points.
Arsenal quickly settling into their rhythm and Saka earns a corner via Aina's deflection. But Forest deal with two deliveries into their box.
The Gunners are unbeaten in each of their last nine home league meetings with Forest, winning five and drawing four.
Saka cuts inside from the right wing and seeks out Nketiah with a clever reverse pass. However, it is just lacking the required accuracy and Turner comes out to collect.
Today, Forest are aiming to end a run of four successive opening-day defeats. Although, the start to the game suggests they face a tough task in breaking the streak.
CHANCE! Johnson must do better! Against the run of play, Forest are in behind Arsenal, who went to sleep at the back. Johnson is all on his own as he latches onto Boly's header and beats Ramsdale, but cannot keep his shot on target.
At the other end, Odegaard threads a neat throughball looking for Nketiah. Turner is quickly out to smother the ball, though the Arsenal forward is subsequently ruled offside.
Forest's lacking of a clinical edge was evident with that Johnson opportunity going begging. They only scored three times during pre-season and failed to find the net in each of their final four warm-up matches.
Arsenal continuing to enjoy most of the possession in their opening match of the season. But the Gunners must look to record more attempts on goal.
We are still goalless inside the opening 20 minutes at the Emirates, where Arsenal have fond memories of their last two meetings with Forest. Indeed, both culminated in commanding 5-0 victories for the Gunners. More of the same today would do very nicely for the hosts.
An anxious moment for Forest as Turner's attempted clearance is charged down by Nketiah. Thankfully for the visitors, the ball ricochets well wide of the target, but their hearts will have momentarily been in their mouths.
Forest are trying to gain a foothold in the contest having enjoyed just over 13 per cent of the possession so far. But they just cannot keep the ball from their opponents for long enough at the moment.
The anticipation rises inside the Emirates as Saka has space in the penalty area. His attempted cross ricochets behind off McKenna. Can the hosts make the most of this opportunity?
NKETIAH!!! 1-0 ARSENAL! The Gunners have the breakthrough. Martinelli is the provider as he teases Danilo with neat footwork, before a wonderful turn results in the ball dropping to Nketiah. The forward cuts inside before his drilled shot beats Turner via a slight deflection.
Martinelli teased Danilo before his turn helped the ball into the path of Nketiah, who broke the deadlock.
Aina catches Saka late and receives the first yellow card of the game.
Arsenal have the lead and rightly so after the first half an hour at the Emirates. The Gunners have dominated proceedings and are good value for their advantage.
SAKA!!! 2-0 ARSENAL! What a goal! Forest appear to have dealt with a corner, but Gibbs-White is robbed of possession. Following a neat subsequent exchange of passes, Saka takes aim and bends a stunning 25-yard effort into the far corner.
Saliba provided the lay-off and Saka did the rest in sublime fashion.
Arsenal have a two-goal lead and it is no more than they deserve. The Gunners are in complete control of this contest.
Today, Forest were hoping to party like it's 1999. Indeed, that was the last time they won a Premier League match in London - beating Wimbledon 3-1 at Selhurst Park. But barring a miraculous turnaround here, they will have to wait at least another year for such celebrations.
Arsenal go in search of more goals as they embark on another venture into the Forest penalty area. Nketiah shoots from a tight angle, but it is never troubling the target.
The half-time whistle cannot come quickly enough for Forest as we enter the last five minutes of the first period. They are certainly regretting that wasted Johnson opportunity earlier on.
You must go back to the 1988-89 season for the last time Forest won away at Arsenal, Brian Clough's side prevailing 3-1 at Highbury that day. But as things stand, the wait will almost certainly go on here.
Good effort! On his first Premier League appearance since departing West Ham United, Rice tries his luck from distance. But Turner gets down well to hold onto the former Hammers skipper's attempt.
We are into the first of three additional minutes at the end of this first half.
Timber is in need of medical attention after hurting himself during a strong challenge on Johnson.
Timber has his name taken for that challenge on Johnson. The new signing limps towards the touchline and it is unclear whether or not he will be able to continue here.
Timber is back on the field for the final few seconds of the first half.
HALF-TIME: ARSENAL 2-0 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
Arsenal are well in control as they take a two-goal lead into half-time at the Emirates. Goals from Eddie Nketiah and Bukayo Saka have left Nottingham Forest with a huge mountain to climb in the second half.
Forest have been very much second-best so far, having enjoyed just under 16 per cent of the possession. Although, it could have been a different story had Brennan Johnson converted an earlier opportunity, the Wales forward shooting wide with only Aaron Ramsdale to beat.
We are off and running again at the Emirates with Arsenal kicking things off once more.
Timber goes down again, instantly pulling up as he went to control the ball. It looks like his first Premier League start may end prematurely.
The Emirates applauds Timber, who cannot continue and limps off to be replaced by Tomiyasu.
This marks the 11th time in 12 years that Arsenal are launching their Premier League campaign in London. The only exception was a 1-0 victory over Newcastle United at St James' Park on the opening weekend of 2019-20.
As things stand, it looks like it will be more away-day blues for Forest, who lost 13 Premier League games on the road last season. That is something they must address this term in order to stay clear of relegation danger.
The visitors enjoy a rare opportunity to attack and send a long throw into the box. The ball ricochets kindly for Yates, who draws a smart save from Ramsdale, but the flag is subsequently raised for offside.
It remains to be seen whether or not Ramsdale will be Arsenal's number one for much longer with the Gunners reportedly keen to sign David Raya from Brentford. The England goalkeeper will be eager to remain first choice under Arteta.
Arsenal still 2-0 to the good as we hit the hour mark at the Emirates. The Gunners remain well in control, but it is important they do not become complacent.
Forest have never in their history lost their opening match in five successive seasons. However, that could happen here unless they turn things around.
The visitors attempt to threaten from a free-kick inside their own half. The delivery is flicked on but, at full stretch, Worrall is unable to keep the ball in play.
Forest could look to introduce Awoniyi in an attempt to potentially salvage something from the game. The striker scored in each of their final four Premier League games last season.
Arsenal look for a third goal that would certainly settle the contest. Odegaard whips the ball into the box, but Forest clear.
Aina's ambitious attempt deflects behind for a corner via Thomas. But Forest are unable to make the most of the opportunity.
Forest make a change with Danilo making way for Awoniyi.
Aina is also given a breather by Cooper with Williams.
Arsenal also make a change with Trossard replacing Nketiah.
OFF THE POST! Rice almost has his first goal for Arsenal. The England midfielder goes for placement with a grass-cutting 25-yard attempt, but Turner does brilliantly to get down and tip the ball onto the woodwork.
Forest threaten from a corner at the other end. Boly gets up to meet the delivery, but Rice does just about enough to put him off.
Another Forest change sees Johnson replaced by Elanga, who comes on for his debut.
Mangala drags back Odegaard in an attempt to stop a counter, and goes into the book.
AWONIYI!!! HOPE FOR FOREST! 2-1! The visitors pull a goal back as the two substitutes combine. Elanga races away on the counter before crossing for Awoniyi, who applies a brilliant first-time finish at the near post.
Elanga took full advantage as he galloped into the space down the Arsenal right before crossing for Awoniyi to apply the finishing touch.
Suddenly, Forest have their tails up and go in search of the equaliser. The ball drops for Gibbs-White on the volley, but his 20-yard attempt goes over.
Awoniyi has found the net for a fifth successive game. Stan Collymore is the only Forest player to embark on a longer streak in the Premier League, scoring in six straight matches in 1995.
A tactical change by Arsenal with Gabriel on to replace Martinelli.
The atmosphere is becoming increasingly tense around the Emirates. Arsenal appeared well in control and on course for a comfortable three points. But we are now set for a dramatic finish.
A very attacking change from Forest with Wood on to replace Worrall.
Forest also make a change as Kouyate replaces Mangala.
Arsenal aim to kill the game off with Havertz looking to get in behind. But Aurier makes up vital ground to intercept.
White is the next player into the book for a foul on Williams.
We have just passed the midway point in stoppage time, with seven minutes added by the referee. Forest are still seeking the equaliser, but Arsenal look like they will hold on.
Just 60 seconds of stoppage time remain at the Emirates. Arsenal are nearly there...
Arsenal counter in the dying moments and almost score a third. Saka lays the ball off for Odegaard, who curls a shot narrowly wide of the far post.
FULL-TIME: ARSENAL 2-1 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
Arsenal make a winning start to the 2023-24 Premier League season, but only just. The Gunners dominated most of the contest and established a well-deserved 2-0 lead thanks to goals from Eddie Nketiah and Bukayo Saka. But substitute Taiwo Awoniyi struck eight minutes from time to give Nottingham Forest hope and ensure a nervy finish at the Emirates. It was just too late, though, as the hosts held on for maximum points.
Forest, who can draw positives from the way they finished the game, will look to bounce back against Sheffield United next Friday. Meanwhile, Arsenal will aim to make it two wins from two against Crystal Palace three days later.
That's all for today. Thank you for following our live coverage. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to the live commentary of the Premier League clash between Bournemouth and West Ham at the Vitality Stadium.
New Bournemouth manager Andoni Iraola will be looking to make the perfect start to his reign at the Vitality Stadium after replacing Gary O'Neil. O'Neil guided the Cherries towards safety in the Premier League last season, defying the doubters to finish in 15th place, five points clear of the drop. However, the club's hierarchy have moved in a new direction in the off-season and the Cherries have been active in the transfer market, bolstering their ranks with rising talents Max Aarons, Milos Kerkez and Alex Scott along with Justin Kluivert, Romain Faivre and Hamed Traore on a permanent deal.
West Ham endured a lengthy transfer saga over the summer regarding Declan Rice, who eventually signed for Arsenal for £100m. However, the delay in the transfer has left David Moyes and his team scrambling for replacements. Although Edson Alvarez has signed for the Hammers, the club are still waiting to secure further deals for James Ward-Prowse and Harry Maguire among others. West Ham enjoyed a successful end to last season by winning the Europa Conference League, but Moyes will be eyeing an improvement on their 14th-place finish in the top flight last term.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Max Aarons, Illia Zabarnyi; Marcos Senesi, Milos Kerkez; Joe Rothwell, Philip Billing; David Brooks, Ryan Christie, Jaidon Anthony; Dominic Solanke.
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Chris Mepham, Justin Kluivert, Ionut Radu, Kieffer Moore, Hamed Traore, James Hill, Antoine Semenyo, Gavin Kilkenny, Ben Greenwood.
WEST HAM UNITED (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Kurt Zouma, Nayef Aguerd, Emerson; Tomas Soucek, Lucas Paqueta; Jarrod Bowen, Said Benrahma, Pablo Fonals; Michail Antonio.
WEST HAM UNITED SUBS: Lukasz Fabianski, Ben Johnson, Maxwel Cornet, Danny Ings, Angelo Ogbonna, Thilo Kehrer, Conor Coventry, Divin Mubama, Joseph Anang.
Andoni hands debuts to two of Bournemouth's summer signings this afternoon. Aarons signed in the week from Norwich City and gets an immediate nod at right-back. Fellow new boy Kerkez starts on the opposite flank. Rothwell partners Billing in the middle of the park, while Christie, Brooks and Anthony support the lone striker Solanke. Kluivert is the only new face on the bench available.
Moyes does not have Alvarez available yet following his move to the club. He names a familiar line-up from last season, although Areola gets the nod between the posts ahead of Fabianski. Zouma and Aguerd anchor the back four with Coufal and Emerson on the flanks. Paqueta starts amid interest from Manchester City. Antonio leads the line with Bowen, Benrahma and Fornals in support.
Bournemouth have lost their last three Premier League games against West Ham without scoring a single goal – they had only lost two of their first nine against the Hammers (W4 D3), scoring in all but one of those games.
We're under way at the Vitality Stadium.
WIDE! Benrahma finds space down the left flank to send a cross into the box that is not cleared by Billing. Fornals hooks a strike towards goal that travels wide of the right post.
CHANCE! Bowen is invited to run at the Bournemouth defence and he unleashes a strike at goal on his left foot from 25 yards, but places his attempt wide of the target.
Solanke collects on the edge of the box for the Cherries and looks to turn to fire a goal, but he is closed down by Bowen before he can pull the trigger.
Christie wins possession for the hosts and runs at the West Ham defence. Paqueta gets across and steals possession with a good challenge to halt the Bournemouth attack.
WIDE! Solanke chases a long ball into the right channel and cuts inside on the edge of the box. The forward feeds Brooks on his left foot, but the Wales international can only angle his effort wide of the left post.
It has been an even start to the game. Both sides have had half-chances in the final third, but neither have been able to convert.
OFF THE POST! The Hammers come within inches of the lead as Soucek's strike rattles the post. Benrahma feed the run of the midfielder in the inside-left channel and he slides to poke an effort away from Neto. The keeper is beaten, but the ball strikes the inside of the frame and bounces back kindly to the Bournemouth skipper.
West Ham find joy in the final third as Bowen probes, but he sees his left-footed strike charged down by a wall of red and black shirts. The Hammers are knocking on the door.
Soucek and Zouma climb in the box to attack a corner from Bowen on the left flank, but the former can only glance his header high over the top.
Bournemouth are having trouble getting support in and around Solanke at the moment. Zouma and Aguerd are cutting off the supply to the lone forward.
Antonio makes a burst down the right flank and he wins another West Ham corner for Bowen to whip towards the near post.
Billing responds for the hosts with a drive down the right flank and he wins the Cherries a corner as Aguerd clears behind.
Christie takes possession 20 yards out and is encouraged to shoot by the home fans. He goes for goal on his left foot, but sends a tame effort straight at Areola.
Christie gets on the ball and draws a foul from Emerson, who lunges in on the Bournemouth man, presenting the home side with a free-kick in a useful position.
West Ham clear their lines and are able to bring the ball forward through the middle of the park through Paqueta.
Fornals takes on the early strike from 25 yards, but he sees his effort closed down.
Bournemouth press down the right flank and a ball forward into the box forces Zouma to clear behind amid pressure from Solanke.
Brooks whips a dangerous low cross into the middle aimed towards Solanke. Soucek tries to clear, but slices it towards his own. Fortunately for the Hammers man, it lacks pace and Areola makes a comfortable claim.
OFF THE LINE! Billing is in the right place at the right for the hosts to clear off the line at the back post after Paqueta and Antonio combined to steer Bowen's corner towards goal.
West Ham have muted appeals for a penalty as Fornals goes down amid pressure from Rothwell in the box, but the referee waves play on.
Bowen goes into the book for a lunge on Christie that sends the forward to the deck.
SAVE! Brooks opens up space for a strike from 25 yards, angling his effort low towards the bottom-right corner. Areola watches it all the way and gets down to push the ball to safety.
Bournemouth are growing into the game at the end of the half, but the visitors still look a threat on the counter.
There will be one minute of added time.
HALF-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 0-0 WEST HAM UNITED
It's goalless at the break in the Premier League clash between Bournemouth and West Ham on the opening day of the season. The Hammers have come inches away from breaking the deadlock on two occasions. Tomas Soucek was unlucky to see his effort rattle the inside of the post before Philip Billing was in the right place at the right time to clear Lucas Paqueta's header off the line. At the other end, the Cherries have been restricted to one effort from David Brooks that was well saved by Alphonse Areola.
Both managers will be content at the interval, although Moyes will probably be the happier as his side have looked threatening in the final third. Iraola will be looking for his side to be more clinical in and around the box to turn possession into efforts at goal.
We're back under way at the Vitality Stadium.
Antonio catches Senesi with a late boot and goes into the book.
SAVE! Brooks latches onto a clearance from Coufal and connects sweetly with a first-time volley on his left foot. It soars towards goal, but Areola is alert and tips it over the bar.
WHAT A GOAL!!!!!! BOWEN SCORES A STUNNER!!!!! 1-0 WEST HAM!!!! Bowen opens his account for the season with a curling strike into the top-left corner. The Hammers win possession high up the pitch as Paqueta robs Rothwell. Soucek steers the ball into the path of Bowen, who takes aim from 20 yards on his left foot and beats the outstretched hand of Neto. A super effort.
Soucek works a simple offload into the feet of Bowen, who does the rest with a super strike.
Bournemouth have failed to win in their last five matches when conceding the opening goal in the Premier League dating back to 15th April 2023 against Tottenham Hotspur.
SAVE! Aarons sends a perfect ball behind the West Ham defence for Solanke into the inside-right channel. The forward blasts a strike towards the near post that Areola turns behind for a corner.
West Ham probe in the final third as Emerson steers a cutback to Paqueta. He shoots first-time on his left foot, but his goalbound effort is charged down by Zabarnyi.
Paqueta brings down Aarons on the edge of the West Ham penalty area. The Cherries have a free-kick in a threatening position. Can they make it count?
Senesi is withdrawn by the Cherries after taking a blow to the head and is replaced by Mepham at the back.
Kluivert makes his Bournemouth bow as he replaces Anthony in the final third.
OVER! Billing lines up a blast from the free-kick that takes a knick off the West Ham wall and travels over the bar.
Solanke almost takes the ball away from Zouma following a low cross from Kluivert, but Aguerd is on hand to help his team-mate bundle the ball behind.
OFF THE BAR! Bournemouth come close to a leveller courtesy of a brilliant strike from Rothwell. He steps inside Fornals on the left flank and bends a right-footed strike towards the top-right corner that beats Areola, but clatters the bar and bounces over.
An attacking change by Iraola. Moore replaces Christie in the final third.
Brooks has space on the edge of the box and angles a strike towards goal, but he sends his effort comfortably wide of the target.
Aarons is down for the home side in need of treatment after taking a knock.
Rothwell sends a cross into the box from the middle of the park and that misses everyone, including Moore who fails to react at the back post.
Aarons has to be withdrawn and is replaced by Hill.
Semenyo enters the action Brooks makes way for the hosts.
Solanke rises highest in the box from Kluivert's cross, but the loose ball is cleared by Zouma before any Bournemouth player can react.
Ings replaces Antonio for the Hammers in the final third.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SOLANKE GETS A LEVELLER!!!!!! 1-1!!!!! Solanke pounces on Semenyo's strike and rounds Areola before slotting his effort home. Semenyo is afforded space 25 yards from goal and lets fly with a strike. It travels straight into the path of Solanke on the penalty spot, who takes a great first touch before scoring with his second with a simple finish.
CLOSE! Paqueta raids forward and releases Ings in the inside-right channel. He shoots first-time, but his strike slams into the side-netting rather than the back of the net.
OFF THE POST! The Hammers come inches away from regaining the lead as Paqueta lines up a strike from on the edge of the box, but the ball clatters into the post and travels wide.
Fornals makes way for the Hammers as Kehrer comes on to shore up the defence.
Emerson pulls back Semenyo and goes into the book.
Semenyo causes problems again for the visitors and lines up a drive at goal, but sees his effort charged down.
There will be six minutes of added time.
Rothwell collects in a decent position and has options in the middle, but he floats his cross straight out for a goal-kick.
Paqueta goes into the book for handball.
Paqueta makes way for the visitors and is replaced by Cornet.
Ings works the ball to Cornet, who goes down under pressure from Zabarnyi, but the referee points to the offside flag rather than a penalty.
Mepham is booked for kicking the ball away.
FULL-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 1-1 WEST HAM UNITED
Dominic Solanke's 82nd-minute equaliser earned Bournemouth a share of the spoils in their Premier League clash against West Ham United. The Hammers took the lead early in the second half through a stunner from Jarrod Bowen, but the Cherries responded when Solanke latched on Antoine Semenyo's effort at goal and rounded Alphonse Areola before slotting the ball home. West Ham could have snatched the game back, but Lucas Paqueta's late shot rattled the post. Andoni Iraola gets his first point on the board, while David Moyes and his team have to settle for a draw.
Bournemouth are back in Premier League action against Liverpool on the road next Saturday. West Ham are at home to Chelsea next Sunday.
Thanks for joining our commentary. Until next time, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Brighton and Hove Albion and Luton Town at the Amex Stadium!
Luton are playing their first ever Premier League game, and making their first appearance in the top-flight since May 1992, in which time they dropped out of the Football League and worked their way back up again. They finished third in the Championship last season, and earned promotion through the play-offs, beating Coventry City on penalties in the final. They have won three of their six pre-season games coming into today (D2 L1). As for Brighton, they come into this campaign on the back of their highest ever finish in the top-flight after finishing sixth last season and claiming a spot in the Europa League. They only had a short pre-season and won just one of their four games (D1 L2).
BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION STARTING XI (4-4-2): Jason Steele; Pascal Gross, Lewis Dunk, Jan Paul van Hecke, Pervis Estupinan; Solly March, James Milner, Mahmoud Dahoud, Karou Mitoma; Danny Welbeck, Joao Pedro.
BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION SUBS: Igor Julio, Evan Ferguson, Bart Verbruggen, Simon Adingra, Joel Veltman, Julio Enciso, Facundo Buonanotte, Billy Gilmour, Steven Alzate.
LUTON TOWN STARTING XI (3-5-2): Thomas Kaminski; Mads Andersen, Tom Lockyer, Amari'i Bell; Issa Kabore, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu, Marvelous Nakamba, Tahith Chong, Ryan Giles; Carlton Morris, Elijah Adebayo.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: Chiedozie Ogbene, Aidan Francis-Clarke, James Shea, John McAtee, Cauley Woodrow, Luke Berry, Jacob Brown, Alfie Doughty, Allan Campbell.
Roberto De Zerbi hands competitive debuts to midfield pairing Dahoud and Milner, as well as Pedro, who partners Welbeck up top. Other new signings Verbruggen and Julio start on the bench. There's no Moises Caicedo in the matchday squad amidst his possible transfer away from the club.
There are five players making their competitive debuts for Rob Edwards' team today. Kaminski starts in goal, with Giles, Chong, Andersen and Nakamba also getting starts. Brown and Ogbene will have to wait to make their impact from the bench, while there's no Ross Barkley in the squad. They are also without Jordan Clark and Daniel Potts through injury.
This will be Luton's first top-flight game since a 2-1 loss to Notts County in May 1992. They are the 51st team to play in the Premier League, with two of the last three clubs making their debut in the competition winning their opening match (Huddersfield in 2017, Brentford in 2021).
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Adebayo gets the game underway for Luton!
Brighton have made a bright start to the game and Milner wins an early corner. It's swung deep into the far post and Mitoma keeps it alive so Dahoud can put it back into a danger zone. Dunk meets it, but heads his effort high over the bar.
March is stopped in his tracks on the halfway line, and Andersen's first thought is to send it forward for Morris. He darts down the left before fizzing a low cross in, but Steele gets down to collect.
WHAT A CHANCE! Estupinan slides a lovely throughball into Pedro on the edge of the box, but Lockyer takes it off his toe. March latches onto the loose ball and squares it back to Pedro, who gets another chance, but he drags it wide.
Chong knocks the ball past Estupinan, who stands his ground and blocks his run. He protests his innocence, but he is still shown the first yellow card of the game.
CHANCE! Pedro cuts inside from the left and pulls it back to Welbeck. He is a long way out but the space opens up in front of him as it bounces invitingly. He hits it on the half-volley, but there is not enough dip on it as it lands on the roof of the net.
Kabore's low cross isn't met by any of his team-mates, but Giles picks up the loose ball on the far side. He whips an early cross in, looking for Ogbene, but Dunk coolly chests it back to Steele.
Brighton win a free-kick which is taken short to Estupinan. He slides it forward for Mitoma, who has a better angle, but there's too much pace on the pass and it rolls out for a goal-kick.
It's another great run by Mitoma down the left and he clips a brilliant cross into the middle. Gross beats Bell to it and his header loops towards Pedro, but Lockyer is there to clear it.
Luton are struggling to get close to the ball at the moment as Brighton settle into their rhythm. It's played out to Mitoma again, but this time his cross is too close to Kaminski.
March is tripped by Nakamba and Brighton have a free-kick in a good position. Gross rolls it backwards so March has a better angle, but he drills his long-range shot into the wall.
SAVE! March picks out Welbeck with a long throw-in, and he shrugs Lockyer off so that he can get into the box. A quick glance up shows he has no support, and he hits his low shot straight at Kaminski.
It's patient play from Brighton as they play it between their defenders, trying to draw Luton out of their shape. The visitors are happy for them to keep it for now though.
GOOD CHANCE! Kabore has acres of space down the right, and this time, he does pick out a team-mate with his cross. Mpanzu makes a late run to the far post, but he thumps his header wide.
Brighton are back to dominating possession as they push Luton deeper into their own half. Mitoma manages to squeeze it back to Dahoud, and after a heavy touch, he blazes a shot over.
Dahoud wins it back in midfield and tries to mount a quick counter through Pedro. He tries to thread it through for Mitoma, but he's crowded off it by three Luton players.
Dahoud slips and it allows Adebayo to poke it forward for Mpanzu to drive down the left. He cuts inside and tries to go for goal himself, but it's blocked by Van Hecke.
GOOD SAVE! It's spread out to the left again to Mitoma, who helps it to Pedro as he makes the overlapping run. He curls a cross in for Welbeck, who hits the shot first time, but Kaminski stretches to tip it away as the offside flag goes up.
Brighton have only failed to score in one of their last 28 Premier League matches, netting in each of their last 16 in a row since a 1-0 home defeat to Fulham in February. It's the Seagulls' longest scoring run in league football since a run of 22 between March and September 2011.
The cross comes in from March and it clears everyone in the middle. Mitoa is unmarked on the far side, and it bounces up nicely in front of him. He hits the half-volley, but sends it sailing over the bar.
MARCH SCORES! Once more, Luton struggle to cope with the threat that Mitoma offers down the left. After keeping the move alive, it comes back to him on the corner of the box. He clips a wonderful cross into March, who flicks it back towards the near post. He gets enough height on it to beat Kaminski, and it's 1-0 Brighton!
Luton have players close to Mitoma, but none of them react quick enough to close him down before he puts the cross in.
GOOD SAVE! Luton go straight up the other end and win a corner which is whipped onto the edge of the six-yard box. Morris makes a late run onto it and thumps a header on goal, but it's straight down the middle at Steele.
OFF THE POST! It's looped over the top to Estupinan, who pulls it back to Welbeck in the middle. He slides in on the stretch to poke it towards goal, but it rebounds off the far post and back into a relieved Kaminski's arms.
It's a wonderful throughball from Dunk to pick out another surging run down the left by Mitoma. He pulls it back towards Welbeck again, but it's just behind him and bounces off his heel to Andersen.
Mpanzu blocks Mitoma from latching onto a throughball and shields it out of play. In his frustration, Mitoma kicks the ball away and picks up a booking.
March makes a diagonal cross-field run to latch onto another long ball over the top. He bursts past Lockyer, but his cross is too close to Kaminski, who collects.
CHANCE! Luton have one last chance before the half-time whistle as it's floated into the box for Morris. He sends a header back across goal that has Steele scrambling, but it bounces wide.
HALF-TIME: BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION 1-0 LUTON TOWN.
March's header gives Brighton a 1-0 lead over Luton at half-time. It took 36 minutes for the hosts to break down Luton, and it came from Mitoma's cross on the left, with March flicking his header over Kaminski to open the scoring. They'd already missed a glorious chance in the first five minutes as Pedro dragged a close-range effort wide. Welbeck also hit the post, while Morris had two good opportunities at the other end, forcing Steele into a reflex save before heading wide just before the break.
Brighton had a good first half, and De Zerbi will be pleased with their performance for the most part. They've got into some good positions, but they need to be more clinical. Despite being behind, Luton have had some bright moments, especially as the half went on. Edwards will be urging them to take a few more risks when they do get into the final third to try and punish Brighton.
Brighton get us back underway for the second half!
Brighton have made a bright start to the second half and are keeping Luton under pressure. Pedro drops deep to get on the ball before making a weaving run into the box. Mpanzu gets across to take all of the sting out of the shot.
Luton are pressing higher up the pitch, but they're struggling to get close to Brighton at the moment. The hosts are confidently knocking it around and trying to open up the space.
Pedro nicks it off Andersen in the box before being forced wide by the defender. When he tries to cut back into the box, Andersen blocks off his run and is booked for it.
OFF THE POST! Brighton's free-kick is just outside the box on the left, and March rolls it backwards to give Gross a better angle. He keeps his shot low and it smacks the bottom of the near post.
Adebayo hooks it forward for Mpanzu and he tries to hold it up while he waits for support to get into the box. His team-mates aren't quick enough though, and he's crowded off it.
Kabore tries to play a one-two with Morris as he cuts inside from the right, but the return pass is cut out. There are shouts for a handball against Estupinan, but the referee waves play on.
Chong gets away with a loose pass before trying to spread it out to Giles on the left. He's asking too much of him though, and Brighton are back in possession once more.
Mitoma gives Kabore the runaround before darting down the left to get the ball back. Kabore is on the wrong side and just clips the winger as he cuts it out. He picks up a yellow card.
Mpanzu slides in to try and win the ball off Milner, but he's penalised for it. Gross whips a dangerous free-kick in from the right, but nobody can make contact with it.
GOOD SAVE! Gross backheels it to the edge of the box for March, who drops a shoulder to try and open up some space. He does manage to get a shot away, but Kaminski gets behind it.
Luton are making a double-change as they look to get back into this game. Adebayo is the first to go off, with Brown coming on to make his debut for the club.
And Kabore, who is on a booking, makes way for Doughty.
Brown gets straight into the action as he makes a driving run down the right. His cross is deflected slightly, which just takes it away from Morris, who threw himself towards it at the far post.
Luton are starting to up the pressure here and Giles finds some space to attack down the left. He whips a lovely cross into the box, but nobody makes the run to the far post for the visitors.
PENALTY TO BRIGHTON! Mitoma cuts inside from the left to slide in Pedro, and his first touch takes it away from him. Lockyer rushes in and puts his arm across Pedro, who goes down, and the referee points straight to the spot.
PEDRO SCORES! After winning the penalty, Pedro steps up to take it and makes no mistake! He takes a short, stuttered run-up to the spot and fires his shot to the right. Kaminski dives the right way, but it flies over him and into the back of the net to give Pedro a goal on his debut. 2-0 Brighton!
Brighton are still on the front foot and Luton are scrambling to get back into their shape. Mitoma cuts inside from the left once more but is tripped by Mpanzu.
Brighton are making a double change now. Dahoud is the first to go off, with Gilmour on in his place.
And March, who opened the scoring, is also taken off, with Adingra replacing him.
There's another debut for Luton now as Ogbene comes on in place of Andersen.
Brighton are making another double change. Ferguson comes on for Welbeck.
And Milner is also taken off, with Veltman coming on in his place.
PENALTY TO LUTON! Brown has space to run down the right again and he swings a cross in. Dunk throws himself forward to make the block and his arms are up. It strikes the arm which is slightly behind him, and the referee points to the spot.
MORRIS SCORES! Luton have their first-ever Premier League goal! It's cool as you like from the spot by Morris as he takes a pause before striking it. He rolls it into the bottom left corner, sending Steele the wrong way, and Luton are back into this game. 2-1!
Pedro plays the reverse pass down the left for Mitoma to chase and he pulls it back from the byline. Adingra knocks it onto Ferguson, but Bell reacts quickly to stop him from reaching it.
ADRINGA SCORES! Luton are caught out trying to play it out from the back and Estupinan sees a shot pushed away by Kaminski. Mpanzu brings it down on his chest and is too casual as he tries to pick out a pass. He's dispossessed by Adringa, who punishes him by fizzing his low shot past the keeper. 3-1 Brighton!
OFF THE POST! Brighton have the wind back in their sails and they're looking for another goal. Ferguson spins away from a crowd just inside the box before firing a powerful shot on goal. Kaminski is beaten, but it hits the inside of the post and bounces out.
Luton's final change is a double one. Chong is the first to go off, with Berry on for him.
Mpanzu also makes way for Woodrow.
Brighton's last change sees Enciso come on for Pedro.
GOOD SAVE! It's another brilliant throughball into the box by Estupinan to pick out Gross' run. He checks back, leaving Lockyer on the floor and he hits a low shot at the near post, but Kaminski gets down to deny him.
We're into seven added minutes at the end of the game, as Brighton push forward once more. Their corner is taken short to Estupinan, who curls it into the far post, but it's just too high for Dunk.
GREAT SAVE! Luton are looking to get another goal here as it's nodded back across the box by Woodrow. He picks out Morris, who hits it on the volley just inside the box, and Steele stretches to tip it over.
Luton are looking to make a strong finish to the game as they keep Brighton penned back in their own half. Giles finds space to clip in another cross from the left, but this one is too close to Steele.
FERGUSON SCORES! Dunk sends a wonderful long ball over the top for Estupinan to chase and he has time to square it across the box to the far post. Adringa is running onto it, but Ferguson slides in to get there first and turn it in from close range. 4-1 Brighton!
None of the Luton defenders picked up Estupinan's run and he had time to get his head up and spot the runs into the far post.
FULL-TIME: BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION 4-1 LUTON TOWN.
Brighton's season gets off to a winning start as they beat newly-promoted Luton 4-1. They led 1-0 at the break through March's headed goal but could've had more as Pedro spurned a glorious chance from close range and Welbeck hit the post. Pedro did double their lead in the second half, winning a penalty and then converting it, before Morris pulled one back from the spot at the other end after Dunk's handball. Adringa latched onto a mistake at the back to restore their two-goal cushion, with Ferguson then hitting the post a minute later. The young striker added a fourth late in stoppage time, sliding in to score at the far post.
Brighton put three points on the board, and turn their attention to their trip to Wolves next weekend. Luton's first ever Premier League game ends in defeat, and they're not in action for two weeks with their home match against Burnley postponed due to the work being done at Kenilworth Road. They'll face Chelsea in their next outing.
That's all, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League fixture as Everton get their 2023-24 campaign under way against Fulham at Goodison Park!
Everton were perilously close to the drop last term, and if not for Abdoulaye Doucoure scoring the only goal of the game against Bournemouth on this ground in May, they would have suffered their first relegation from the top flight since 1951. With Sean Dyche having a full pre-season to work with his squad, the Toffees will be hoping for a more solid showing in his first full campaign in charge.
Fulham have endured a challenging pre-season with boss Marco Silva and star players Aleksandar Mitrovic, Willian and Joao Palhinha linked with exits. While the future of talismanic striker Mitrovic remains unclear, all four are still at the club for the start of this campaign, and a repeat of 2022-23's top-half finish would be seen as an outstanding achievement for the Cottagers.
EVERTON (4-5-1): Jordan Pickford; Nathan Patterson, James Tarkowski, Michael Keane, Ashley Young; James Garner, Abdoulaye Doucoure, Idrissa Gueye, Amadou Onana, Alex Iwobi; Neal Maupay.
EVERTON SUBS: Joao Virginia, Arnaut Danjuma, Vitalii Mykolenko, Andre Gomes, Ben Godfrey, Jarrad Branthwaite, Thomas Cannon, Lewis Dobbin, Tyler Onyango.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Kenny Tete, Issa Diop, Tim Ream, Antonee Robinson; Harrison Reed, Sasa Lukic; Harry Wilson, Tom Cairney, Willian; Raul Jimenez.
FULHAM SUBS: Marek Rodak, Calvin Bassey, Aleksandar Mitrovic, Bobby Decordova-Reid, Andreas Pereira, Kevin Mbabu, Carlos Vinicius, Matthew Dibley-Dias, Jay Stansfield.
Striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin is the big-name absentee for Everton, having failed to recover from a hamstring injury in time to make the Toffees' season opener. Maupay deputises for him up front, while Young, ironically, becomes the oldest outfielder to debut for a Premier League side since Kevin Phillips (40 years, 24 days) at Crystal Palace in August 2013, at the age of 38 years and 34 days.
Fulham hand a competitive debut to former Wolves striker Jimenez, with Mitrovic starting the season on the bench after publicly flirting with a move to Al-Hilal. Fellow new signing Bassey starts on the bench with Ream keeping his place in defence, while midfielder Palhinha is out with a shoulder issue.
Fulham have faced Everton in their opening game of a top-flight season twice previously and lost both games, losing 3-0 in 1963-64 and 1-0 in 1966-67. Will the Cottagers fare better this time around? The teams are out at Goodison Park, and kick-off is imminent!
We're under way at Goodison Park as Everton and Fulham get their 2023-24 seasons up and running!
It will be intriguing to see how both teams handle big-name absentees here. While Everton always miss Calvert-Lewin when he's out, they are also without the injured Dwight McNeil. Meanwhile, Palhinha was outstanding after joining Fulham from Sporting CP last term and represents a big miss, while both Pereira and Mitrovic are only among the substitutes.
Iwobi looks for Maupay with a long ball in behind, but Leno is on hand to sweep it up. Fulham then break through Robinson, but his cross is just cut out in front of Wilson at the back post.
HUGE CHANCE! Doucoure somehow finds himself one-on-one with Leno after breaking between Ream and Diop, but the Everton midfielder's finish is too close to the Fulham goalkeeper, who diverts it wide with his right foot. That's a huge opportunity for the hosts.
Everton's resulting corner comes to nothing, and Fulham can enjoy a spell of possession inside their own half. It’s been a competitive start here on Merseyside.
Everton have only lost their opening Premier League game in one of the last 11 seasons (W4 D6), though that defeat did come at home to Chelsea last term. The Toffees have drawn their opening Premier League match more often than any other side in the competition, with 12 of their 31 such games ending level (W9 L10).
Jimenez is flagged offside as he looks to break down the left channel. The £5.5million signing failed to find the net in the Premier League for Wolves last term – Fulham will be hoping he can rediscover his old form after his move.
Lukic keeps Willian's mishit cross alive at the back post, but some strong pressing from Everton forces Fulham all the way back to Leno. The Goodison Park crowd liked that.
Everton are sitting in a 4-5-1 shape without the ball, with Doucoure looking to support Maupay when they do turn it over. Reed misplaces a pass in midfield, but Patterson quickly does likewise. Its been a scrappy start.
Fulham boss Silva is, of course, no stranger to these surroundings, having led Everton between 2018 and 2019. He'd surely love to get one over on his former employers here.
Good stuff from Everton. Maupay and Iwobi press Diop high and the Fulham defender cedes possession, with Doucoure then winning a corner off Lukic.
Everton load the box from the corner, but Leno gets a strong punch to the ball. Fulham then break, but a mix-up between Willian and Jimenez allows the hosts to recover.
Iwobi breaks into the box and looks for the bottom-right corner, only to see his effort deflect wide off Diop. It's another Everton corner – the Toffees are trying to up the tempo here.
The corner drops for Gueye, who sees his shot charged down. Everton are quickly back on the ball, but Maupay is flagged offside.
WIDE! Iwobi threatens again, darting inside from the left before looking to cut his shot into the bottom-left corner. It drops narrowly wide of Leno's right-hand post. Unlucky!
Fulham are struggling to build much momentum, with Palhinha and Pereira clearly missed in midfield. Jimenez is dropping deep in a bid to link the play, with Wilson and Willian playing high and wide.
Wilson bends a pass out towards Willian on the left flank, but it bounces harmlessly over the Brazilian's head and out. That rather sums up the Cottagers' attacking efforts early on.
Willian looks to beat Patterson on the outside and hit the byline, but the former Arsenal and Chelsea man overruns it, and Everton get a goal-kick.
Fulham have won three of their last five Premier League games against Everton (D1 L1), as many as they had in their previous 18 against them (D2 L13). They're looking to win consecutive league meetings with the Toffees for the first time since August 2005, having triumphed 3-1 on this ground in April.
Fulham have had 78 per cent of the possession thus far but have done precious little with it. Everton's high press has made things awkward for the visitors.
Willian jumps into a rather reckless challenge on Garner, and gets the first yellow card of the game. Everton will look to hit the box from this free-kick.
Onana's delivery reaches Tarkowski at the far post… but the angle is against the defender, and he can only hook the ball into Leno's gloves.
We're past the half-hour mark at Goodison and we've seen little by way of goalmouth action. Doucoure forced a save from Leno five minutes in, and that remains the only shot on target at either end.
Fulham look menacing as Wilson strides inside from the right, but a terrible pass gives Cairney no chance. Everton then break through Iwobi, but Ream cuts out his pass towards Maupay. Both teams need more composure in the final third.
WHAT A CHANCE! Iwobi's teasing cross is headed down by Doucoure, and it reaches Maupay six yards out. He looks destined to open the scoring, but Leno smothers his shot and it bounces wide. That's a huge let-off for Fulham!
CONTROVERSY! Leno goes up to claim a hanging cross and collides with Tarkowski as he lands, dropping the ball. The Everton man turns it into an empty net, but referee Stuart Attwell quickly blows for a foul. The home fans are not happy, they feel there was no contact on Leno!
Fulham need to rediscover their composure after a couple of nervy moments. It's been a game low on quality overall, but Everton have certainly looked the more likely scorers.
Tarkowski is forward for another deep free-kick and attempts to keep a mishit cross in play at the far post, but Robinson does well to steal possession inside his own area.
Another promising Everton break sees Iwobi switch the play to Onana, who hammers a volley at goal from the corner of the box. He makes a clean connection, but it's straight at Leno.
LENO AGAIN! The Fulham goalkeeper has kept his team level here. Maupay darts in behind to reach Onana's throughball and prods the ball goalwards, only for Leno to smother it. Iwobi loses his footing on the follow-up, and another chance goes begging for the hosts.
Fulham are being torn apart in transition here. Gueye drives through midfield to find Patterson, but he lifts his shot well over the crossbar.
Maupay shoots on the turn just inside the area, but it's straight at Leno. Everton continue to pen Fulham back.
For all the talk about extended periods of stoppage time, there will only be one additional minute before the break. This game has flowed quite nicely.
HALF-TIME: EVERTON 0-0 FULHAM.
Attwell blows the half-time whistle, and somehow, it's still goalless at Goodison Park. While Fulham have enjoyed plenty of the ball, they have created next to nothing in attack and have relied heavily on Leno at the other end. Doucoure and Maupay have been denied by excellent reflex saves from the former Arsenal shot-stopper – will the Toffees rue those missed chances?
Fulham have managed one shot, none on target, and registered just four touches inside Everton's area. That's despite the Cottagers having almost 70 per cent of the possession. Silva can't be happy with his team's display, and it wouldn't be a surprise to see Mitrovic and Pereira come on soon.
It always seemed likely that Silva would turn to his bench at the break, and he's done exactly that. Decordova-Reid replaces Willian.
Everton get the second half under way. Can they build on a positive first 45 minutes to start their season with a win?
Fulham created 0.04 xG to Everton's 2.22 in the first half. They needed to change something in attack, but it's perhaps surprising to see Willian make way, rather than Cairney or Wilson.
Diop slices a clearance out of play before Patterson also concedes a cheap throw-in. It's been a scrappy, competitive start to the second period.
Excellent work from Keane and Garner, who both track Cairney all the way to the sideline before winning a throw off the Fulham captain. The visitors are still struggling to find a way through Everton's press.
Decordova-Reid has taken up Willian's position on the left in a straight swap. He's involved for the first time as Fulham break, but he runs into Gueye as he cuts inside, and Everton can clear.
Fulham are gifted a corner as Patterson completely misjudges a header back to Pickford, sending it well wide of his own goal.
Fulham work the ball short to Reed, whose cross is headed up in the air. Young eventually puts it behind for another corner on the opposite side.
The corner is half cleared and the ball drops to Lukic on the edge of the D, but he hooks an awkward volley comfortably wide. Pickford never looked worried.
At the age of 38 years and 34 days, Everton's new signing Young has become the third oldest outfield player to appear for the club in the Premier League, after Richard Gough (39y 23d) and Dave Watson (38y 56d).
Jimenez holds the ball up well to feed Tete on the right, and the full-back is tripped by Tarkowski. Fulham have a chance to whip the free-kick into the area, but they opt to go short instead.
OFF THE POST! Jimenez goes agonisingly close to a first Fulham goal! Wilson hits the byline and lifts a cross into the area, where Jimenez is waiting to volley towards goal. His strike clips the inside of Pickford's right-hand post and bounces out, before Decordova-Reid shoots over on the rebound.
That will be Jimenez's last involvement on his first competitive outing for Fulham. Mitrovic is on, to a great reception from the visiting fans.
Pereira is also on, taking Cairney's place just behind the striker.
Fulham missed the ability to go direct without Mitrovic in the first half. They will hope his introduction gives them a different edge in attack – they've improved since the restart.
Young lifts a teasing cross into the six-yard box, but Maupay and Garner are both unable to reach it. This match has an end-to-end feel about it now.
Garner's deep cross deflects wide for a corner, and the Goodison Park crowd find their voice once more.
Gueye keeps the overhit kick alive at the far post before crossing against the nearest white shirt and behind for another set-piece.
The latest corner is delivered with pace into the six-yard box, but Diop rises to glance it clear for a throw-in. Mitrovic stays down in the box and is receiving treatment on the pitch, much to the annoyance of the home fans.
Fulham have Vinicius stripped and ready to replace Mitrovic, but the Serbia striker seems to want to play on. Losing him to injury would be a huge blow.
Mitrovic is back on, for the time being at least, with Vinicius sitting back on the bench. We'll have to wait and see how this one plays out.
CROSSBAR! HOW HAVE EVERTON NOT SCORED? Iwobi cuts inside and draws a diving save from Leno with a right-footed effort from the edge of the area. The goal is gaping as Patterson follows it up, but he crashes his shot against the crossbar and away! That's the biggest let-off let for Fulham!
Wilson goes for goal from range following a strong solo run through the heart of midfield, but it's always rising and flies clear of Pickford's crossbar.
Fulham's goal has lived a charmed life at times in this game. Patterson will be desperate for Everton to go on and get the winner now, having squandered the clearest chance yet. The goal was absolutely gaping as he side-footed against the woodwork!
Everton will give a debut to loanee Danjuma here. He's replacing Maupay in attack, seven months after he rejected the Toffees to join Tottenham.
GOAAAAAAL! DECORDOVA-REID PUTS FULHAM 1-0 UP! Everton have missed chance after chance, and now, they're behind! Substitutes Mitrovic and Pereira combine, with the latter beating Tarkowski for pace and crossing low for Decordova-Reid, who couldn't miss from inside the six-yard box!
Everton will be cursing their luck, having gone behind after clearly enjoying the better of this game. They have around 15 minutes – plus potentially a long period of stoppage time – to salvage something.
All six of Everton's home wins in the Premier League last season were to nil, with five of those being by a 1-0 scoreline. The Toffees haven't won any of their last 12 home league games when conceding at least once (D2 L10) since beating Crystal Palace 3-2 in May 2022. They need to produce something special to start the season with three points now.
GREAT CHANCE FOR 2-0! Decordova-Reid escapes Patterson's attentions at the back post to reach Wilson's tempting delivery, but he sends his volley over! Fulham could have killed the contest there.
Although Everton have edged long periods of this game, this is a new challenge for the Toffees. Fulham are sitting back and they need to find a way of breaking them down.
Robinson hares forward on the break and attempts to find Wilson with a cross, which is sliced behind by an Everton defender. Pereira's corner is delivered with pace, but it fails to beat the first man.
Everton have struggled since falling behind. Garner looks to deliver from the right, but it's easy for the Fulham defence to mop up. The hosts have fewer than 10 minutes plus stoppage time to find a response.
Everton introduce 20-year-old forward Dobbin, with Garner withdrawn.
LENO SAVES FULHAM AGAIN! Young's in-swinging cross is missed by Danjuma, but Iwobi is there to attack it at the far post. He prods an effort goalwards, but Leno gets down to tip it wide. If Fulham see this out, their goalkeeper deserves plenty of credit.
Everton's resulting corner is nodded goalwards by Keane, but it's comfortable for Leno.
Tete is booked for timewasting over a free-kick inside Everton's half. Officials have been told to come down harshly on those offences this season.
Unlucky! Mitrovic takes a cross down and shoots on the turn from a tight angle, but Pickford gets his body behind the ball. The Fulham striker has led the line well after shaking off that earlier injury scare.
Mitrovic appeals for handball after seeing a shot blocked at close range inside the area. A few Fulham players make their cases to the referee, but he's not interested! Everton go up the other end and win a corner…
Leno punches the corner out to Gueye, who sees a shot deflect wide for another set-piece.
CLOSE! The initial delivery is cleared, but the second cross finds Tarkowski at the far post. He looks for the bottom-right corner with a diving header, but it rolls agonisingly wide. We will have SIX minutes of stoppage time, with Everton still pushing!
Silva and another member of Fulham's coaching staff are shown yellow cards by the referee. That delay will only add to the time we still have to play at Goodison.
CHANCE! But the flag is up! Danjuma breaks in behind and is one-on-one with Leno, but he rushes his shot and bends it wide. The flag then goes up to spare the loanee's blushes!
Everton are struggling to get the ball where they want it now, with Fulham looking composed as they keep possession high up the pitch. There will likely be another minute or so to add to the two remaining.
Pickford thumps a free-kick downfield as Everton flood the Fulham box. Doucoure heads it towards goal, but there's nobody attacking the second ball and Leno claims it. The visitors are almost there!
Another chance! Keane is found in space by a high ball into the area, but his header is straight at Leno. The offside flag might've gone up anyway. Surely Fulham have done enough?
FULL-TIME: EVERTON 0-1 FULHAM.
The whistle blows for full-time, and Fulham start their season with a smash-and-grab victory over Everton! Decordova-Reid was the difference after coming on at half-time, tapping in the only goal of the game following fine work from fellow substitute Pereira. Fulham's real hero, however, was Leno. The goalkeeper denied Maupay and Doucoure with outstanding saves, while Patterson hit the crossbar with the goal gaping. Everton created chance after chance, but they couldn't take them!
Despite managing 19 shots to Fulham's nine, and nine on target to the visitors' two, Everton start the season with a loss. They will have to pick themselves up ahead of a difficult trip to Aston Villa next week, while Fulham face west London rivals Brentford next time out.
We hope you've enjoyed our live coverage of this Premier League fixture. It's goodbye for now, and we'll see you next time!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this fixture on the opening matchday of the 2023-24 Premier League season. Newly promoted Sheffield United are back in the top-flight after two years away, and kick their campaign off against Crystal Palace at Bramall Lane.
Finishing second to champions Burnley in last season’s promotion race, Paul Heckingbottom’s Blades have not had the smoothest preparations ahead of their Premier League return, losing key men Iliman Ndiaye and Sander Berge to fund the addition of five new signings.
A middling 2022-23 season at Selhurst Park saw the Eagles fly a bit too close to the trapdoor, prior to Roy Hodgson’s arrival in late March. The veteran manager returned to the club to replace Patrick Vieira, and oversaw five victories in 10 as Palace pulled well clear of the bottom three to establish some real momentum coming into the new season.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-5-2): Wes Foderingham; Anel Ahmedhodzic, John Egan, Jack Robinson; George Baldock, Chris Basham, Oliver Norwood, Ben Osborn, Max Lowe; Benie Traore, William Osula.
SHEFFIELD UNITED SUBS: Adam Davies, Auston Trusty, Vinicius Souza, Anis Ben Slimane, Yasser Larouci, Louie Marsh, Andre Brooks, Femi Seriki, Antwoine Hackford.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-2-3-1): Sam Johnstone; Joel Ward, Marc Guehi, Joachim Andersen, Tyrick Mitchell; Jefferson Lerma, Cheick Doucoure; Jordan Ayew, Eberechi Eze, Jeffrey Schlupp; Odsonne Edouard.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: Remi Matthews, James Tomkins, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Nathaniel Clyne, Chris Richards, Naouirou Ahamada, John-Kymani Gordon, Jairo Riedewald, Jesurun Rak-Sakyi.
United’s first XI on their top-flight return features eight players from the 2020-21 campaign which saw the Blades relegated to the Championship. Only one completely new face makes his debut, with Traore partnering academy product Osula up front following his signing from Swedish champions Hacken. Fellow arrivals Trusty, Vinicius and Slimane are on the bench for Heckingbottom's side.
It’s a Palace side missing Wilfried Zaha for the first time in a long time, after the Eagles talisman moved on a free transfer to Galatasaray in Turkey. New singing Lerma does make his debut in the heart of midfield, while Johnstone steps in for the wantaway Guaita between the sticks.
The teams walk out onto the pitch at the famous old Bramall Lane stadium in Sheffield, with players, coaches and fans ready for a brand-new season!
Norwood kicks off for Sheffield United, and Premier League football is underway at Bramall Lane!
The Blades have lost just one of their last five home league games against Palace, though that loss came in their last such meeting in May 2021.
Osborn manages to turn his way out of a challenge before playing a one-two with Norwood down the left. He crosses the return ball into the box, but Andersen nods it clear with a strong defensive header.
Between December 2006 and July 2020, the Blades won 10 consecutive Premier League home games against London sides. However, they failed to win any of their six such games in their last top-flight campaign of 2020-21, losing the last five in a row.
Baldock and Lerma tussle in the far corner, and the Colombian's block on the wing-back's cross sends the ball behind for the first corner of the game.
Ayew skips down the right and looks to find Edouard on the edge of the box, but a series of deflections sends the loose ball back and into the gloves of Foderingham.
WIDE!!! Osula flicks a long ball on and gets it back from Traore. He picks his spot from the edge of the box and shoots, curling a low effort that rolls just around the wrong side of the far post!
All six Premier League meetings between United and Palace have seen the winning team keep a clean sheet – the Eagles won both meetings in both 1992-93 and 2020-21, while the Blades won both in 2019-20.
Eze pops up in the box and twists away from Norwood. He then goes down under pressure from Baldock but the referee isn't convinced and waves away his penalty claims.
The Blades won their opening match in each of their first two Premier League campaigns, but have failed to do so in any of their subsequent three in 2006-07, 2019-20 and 2020-21.
BLOCKED!!! Eze and Edouard combine on the break for Palace, with the latter bypassing several defenders as he races into the box. He's forced wide and shoots from the left side of the box, but Ahmedhodzic gets back to block his effort away!
Doucoure latches onto a lofted pass and looks to bring the ball down on the edge of the box, but United's packed defence is able to intervene and clear.
Osula is flagged for offside and boots the ball away, being met with a yellow card for dissent by the referee, the first of this game.
BLOCKED!!! Eze finds space to shoot on the edge of the box and does so, but his effort is blocked. The ball ricochets back into his path and he again looks to pick his spot, but in steps Egan to block a second attempt!
Palace recycle possession well following that Eze chance and Ayew races in behind, but his cross from the byline is a good height for Foderingham and the Blades goalkeeper collects.
Palace finished the 2022-23 season with a game against each of the three promoted sides (Bournemouth, Fulham and Nottingham Forest). By facing Sheffield United in this game, the Eagles are the first side to have four consecutive top-flight games against promoted sides since Arsenal in November 1991.
Edouard latches onto Ward's throughball in behind the hosts' defence, but his low shot from the right-hand side is an easy one for Foderingham to save and hold.
BALL IN THE NET!!! Palace are denied an opener by the linesman's flag! A thumping 35-yard effort from Andersen is parried by Foderingham at full stretch, but Ayew is on hand to nod the loose ball into the far corner! He wheels away to celebrate, but the flag is correctly raised and the goal will not count!
Palace break down the right and Ayew looks for the underlapping run of Eze into the box, but his cross is deflected and goes behind for a corner.
Sheffield United have won their opening league game in just one of the last nine seasons, beating Brentford 1-0 in 2017-18. They've lost seven of those, including their last three in a row, only once having a longer such run (four straight between 1928-29 and 1931-32).
Ahmedhodzic picks out Osborn with a long, diagonal pass down the right, but Andersen steps across to nod the bouncing ball behind for a Sheffield United corner.
Egan escapes his marker easily to connect with a free header at the front post, but the Blades captain can't direct his effort on target as it sails over the bar.
SAVED!!! A half-clearance comes out to Doucoure, whose low drive on the half-volley is saved and held by Foderingham, who had to race across his line to get there!
BLOCKED!!! A deflected Eze shot comes out to Ayew on the right, who has a go himself and sees his near-post effort blocked into the side netting by Lowe!
OVER!!! From the corner, Guehi flicks Eze's delivery on towards Edouard, who can't keep his header down at the back post and sends it over the bar!
Osborn stands up his marker before connecting with Baldock on the overlap. He charges into the area and cuts the ball back from the byline, but it's put behind for a corner by a sliding Lerma!
Norwood's delivery is met by Ahmedhodzic at the far post, but his headed effort is poor, traveling high and wide of the target as the Blades waste another set-piece opportunity!
Ward advances up the right and tries to hook a cross towards the box, but Osborn is there and the ball is blocked behind for another Palace corner.
Eze looks to play a one-two and shoot from a Palace free-kick, but his planned set-piece is read by the hosts and Osula steps in to make the block.
Traore looks to profit from a loose ball and run through the lines, but he's quickly dispossessed by Guehi for Palace. He's not been able to make much of an impression on his Premier League debut so far.
None of the Blades' last 24 games in the Premier League have ended level, the longest current ongoing run without a draw in the competition.
SAVED!!! Baldock's teasing cross into the box is flicked away by Andersen, but Sheffield United keep possession as Lowe tees up Norwood. He's in space to shoot and lets fly from 25 yards, but the low drive is an easy one for Johnstone to save and hold!
We'll play just the one additional minute to close out a closely-fought first half at Bramall Lane.
Lerma slides in wildly to clip Traore from behind, giving Sheffield United a late free-kick chance on the stroke of half-time.
Osborne's delivery sails into the box but is well claimed by Johnstone at his far post, and that should just about be that for the first half.
HALF-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-0 CRYSTAL PALACE.
An end-to-end first half ends goalless, with both sides having plenty of opportunities but being let down by a lack of quality in the final third. Palace did have the ball in the net, but Ayew's header was rightly chalked off for offside, and while Osula curled an early effort just wide for the Blades, it's Palace who have had the majority of chances. Andersen and Doucoure have both forced Foderingham into saves, but the goalkeeper has otherwise been well protected by an organised defence who have blocked and cleared everything Palace have thrown at them.
Eze has pulled the strings with aplomb so far for Palace, continuing the strong form he showed to earn an England call-up last season. In the first 45 minutes of the new campaign, the Eagles' number 10 has fired off five shots, with four being blocked, as well as creating three chances from 10 passes in the final third. He's also attempted five crosses, and won a free-kick as he looks to drive Palace forward with every opportunity he gets on the ball.
The teams are back and ready for the second half, and given how tight it's been so far, you get the sense that the opening goal could be crucial!
Edouard gets the second half underway, and we're back up and running at Bramall Lane!
Traore profits on a slip from Guehi and spreads the ball wide to Baldock. He tees up Norwood to cross into the area, but the midfielder's attempt is overhit and sails straight into Johnstone's gloves.
GOOOOOAAALLLL!!!! The Eagles soar into an early second half lead! Lerma drives forward and finds Ayew in space to his right. He bursts past Osborn before whipping a brilliant ball into the centre of the box, and Edouard pops up to tap in the opening goal! A clinical finish from the Palace striker, and it puts his side 1-0 up at Bramall Lane!
A poacher's finish from Edouard, but that was a goal made by Ayew's cross. A superb ball into the middle, that came from a darting run across Osborn on the byline.
Palace have avoided defeat in their last six Premier League matches after scoring the opening goal, dating back to a 2-1 loss to Chelsea in October 2022.
Egan is caught out facing his own goal by Edouard, but Robinson drops back in support and is able to step in, with his clearance deflecting behind off the goalscorer for a goal kick.
Palace win a free-kick 25 yards from goal, but Eze's attempted shot strikes the hosts' wall and Ward can't make anything of the rebound.
Eze dances through several challenges as he enters the left side of the box, before pulling the ball back to Doucoure. However, a heavy first touch from the midfielder sees him closed down quickly and Egan thumps the ball clear.
A smart touch forward by Doucoure gives Schlupp the chance to run into open space, but he's caught very late by a sliding Ahmedhodzic, with the Blades defender going straight into the book for that challenge.
Andersen moves up the right edge with the ball for Palace, but he's tracked all the way and taken down by Traore, giving the visitors a free-kick from a good crossing position.
Edouard is first onto Eze's cross from the set-piece, but his cushioned header back across the face is nodded behind by Lowe for a corner.
SAVED!!! Another Palace free-kick, this time from the left, is swung in by Eze, and Edouard is the target once again. The goalscorer has a free header at the far post, but can't generate anywhere near enough power on it as Foderingham makes an easy save!
BLOCKED!!! Forward come the Blades as Traore slips Osborn in behind the defence, but Andersen slides across at full tilt to block the midfielder's first-time shot!
Palace have lost their opening league game in each of the last two seasons (0-3 v Chelsea, 0-2 v Arsenal). They've never done so in three consecutive top-flight campaigns before.
The atmosphere is rising louder and louder as challenges fly in from all angles. Blades forward Traore has committed five fouls himself, but a late tackle from Andersen on the Ivorian brings the loudest cheer we've heard so far as the referee gives the free-kick.
Edouard's 50th minute opener was his fifth effort on goal in the game, the first time he has attempted at least five shots in a match in the Premier League since January 2022 against West Ham.
A long goal kick from Johnstone bounces all the way through to Edouard in the box, but neither he nor Ayew can get past Robinson and Osborn clears for the home side.
BALL IN THE NET!!! Palace are denied again! A sumptuous passing move culminates in Mitchell drilling a low cross towards the far post. Egan lunges and misses the ball, which rolls through for Edouard to tap home, but he did so from an offside position and so the goal will not count!
SAVED!!! Schlupp and Eze combine down the left, with Schlupp continuing his run into the box. He receives the return ball and shoots low, but Foderingham is equal to the effort and parries it away!
A cross-field ball drops kindly for Ahmedhodzic, who fires a volley from the edge of the box which takes a deflection off Guehi as it flies over the top!
CHANCE!!! A deft headed touch from Lerma allows him to run in behind the Blades' defence, but his final ball across to Eze is deflected and drops instead for Edouard. He tees up Eze to his left, but the eventual shot from the Palace playmaker is blocked and Foderingham collects!
WIDE!!! And Sheffield United go even closer at the other end! Foderingham's long clearance is brought down by Traore, who squares for Osula in the box. His first-time finish has plenty of power behind it, but not quite the direction as it smashes into the side netting!
SAVED!!! Ayew takes on Robinson as he dribbles into the box, before stepping right and letting fly from a tight angle which draws a strong save from Foderingham at his near post!
An injury to Lowe halts the game as the left-wing-back receives treatment, and both sides use the opportunity to take a well-earned break and some fluids on the sideline.
Space opens up for Lerma to shoot from 25 yards, and the Colombian obliges with a low shot that flies just wide of the near post!
A triple change is made by Heckingbottom, with Robinson the first player off and debutant Slimane taking his place for the Blades.
Basham also comes off, and is replaced in central midfield by another new signing, Vinicius.
Larouci completes a hat-trick of Sheffield United debuts from the bench, as he replaces the injured Lowe out wide for the last 10 minutes.
Ayew looks to exploit Larouci's freshness as the pair do battle down the right, but the Palace forward's cross into the centre is hoofed clear by Egan.
WIDE!!! A cross-field pass from Mitchell is over the head of Larouci as Ayew collects the ball. He squares for the arriving Eze on the penalty spot, but the England international's early shot is dragged wide of the target!
Eze cuts inside Slimane looking to spark another Palace attack, but the Tunisian barges him over from behind and is booked just minutes into his Blades debut.
SAVED!!! What a stop that is from Foderingham! Eze's delivery is met by Andersen in the six-yard box, whose downward header from close range looks certain to find the back of the net, but the goalkeeper somehow gets down to push the ball off the line and away!
Heckingbottom makes two more changes as we enter the final throws of this game, with Sheffield-born youngster Brooks replacing Osborn in midfield.
Traore has put himself about despite limited service on his Blades debut, as he comes off late for Hackford.
A cross is headed out to Norwood on the edge of the box, but his ambitious half-volley almost clears the stadium roof as it sails well over the top.
The Palace box is packed with red and white shirts as Baldock fires in a cross, but Andersen rises to nod the ball away and it's cleared further by Lerma as the visitors hold on.
We're into five added minutes in the Steel City, and it's now or never if the Blades want to secure at least one point on their return to the top flight.
Guehi is moving gingerly after awkwardly rising and landing to connect with an aerial ball, with the Palace captain replaced at centre-back by Tomkins in a precautionary late change.
A long throw is launched into the box with Egan the target, but Johnstone climbs to get to the ball ahead of the Blades captain, and he'll be in no hurry at all to get rid of it from here.
FULL-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-1 CRYSTAL PALACE.
All over at Bramall Lane, and that close-range strike from Edouard early in the second period is enough to grant Palace all three points and condemn the hosts to a defeat on their Premier League return! A bright start to the second half saw the Eagles pounce inside five minutes as Ayew's fantastic cross was turned goalwards by Edouard, and the Frenchman had another chalked off from an offside position as Palace peppered Foderingham's goal with chances for Schlupp, Ayew and Andersen. The Blades hardly tested Johnstone at the other end, going closest through Osula's shot wide, as Palace held on to secure the victory and an ideal start to their 2023-24 campaign.
Leading the line for this exciting Palace XI, Edouard was superb up front for the entire match, scoring the only goal of the game and registering 1.12 xG (expected goals) from his seven total shots, three of which were on target. The Frenchman also managed 10 touches in the Blades' box, completed all eight of his final-third passes, and won 10 of his 17 duels, including two of three dribbles as he provided a constant outlet for Palace to springboard their attacks.
Their first campaign back in the top flight begins with defeat for Sheffield United, who will certainly need to show more in the final third if they're to respond with victory against Nottingham Forest in their next game. Palace though, start as they mean to go on with three valuable points on the board already, ahead of a clash with London rivals Arsenal in their first home game of the season.
That's all from us, we hope you enjoyed the game! We'll see you soon for the next one, which won't be far away whatsoever - football is back!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Newcastle United and Aston Villa at St. James' Park.
Newcastle will be aiming to have another successful season under Eddie Howe after qualifying for the Champions League for the first time since the 2002-03 campaign last term. The Magpies finished in fourth place and have already strengthened their squad with the additions of Sandro Tonali, Harvey Barnes and Tino Livramento. Newcastle also remained unbeaten in their seven pre-season fixtures. Their preparations for the new campaign started with wins over Gateshead and Rangers before they travelled to the United States for the Premier League Summer Series. The 2023 EFL Cup finalists drew with Villa and Chelsea before securing a victory over Brighton and Hove Albion. Returning to England, Newcastle completed their fixtures with triumphs over Fiorentina and Villarreal.
Villa were around the relegation zone when Unai Emery replaced Steven Gerrard as manager but turned their form around and guided them to a seventh-place finish, their best in over a decade. The Villans will now have a chance to qualify for the group stages of the Europa Conference League if they beat Hibernian or Luzern in the playoffs. The Midlands outfit quickly signed Youri Tielemans, Pau Torres and Moussa Diaby ahead of the new season, with the trio all getting minutes in pre-season. Villa started their build-up to the campaign with a draw against Walsall before thrilling 3-3 encounters versus Newcastle and Brentford sandwiched a win over Fulham. Emery then led his side to victories over Lazio and Valencia in their next two matches. They will be looking to continue their form into this game and avoid a third consecutive loss on the first day of the season.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Nick Pope; Kieran Trippier, Fabian Schar, Sven Botman, Dan Burn; Sandro Tonali, Bruno Guimaraes, Joelinton; Miguel Almiron, Alexander Isak, Anthony Gordon.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Martin Dubravka, Jamaal Lascelles, Callum Wilson, Matt Targett, Harvey Barnes, Tino Livramento, Jacob Murphy, Elliot Anderson, Sean Longstaff.
ASTON VILLA (4-2-3-1): Emiliano Martínez; Matty Cash, Ezri Konsa, Tyrone Mings, Lucas Digne; Boubacar Kamara, Douglas Luiz; Moussa Diaby, John McGinn, Leon Bailey; Ollie Watkins.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Robin Olsen, Diego Carlos, Youri Tielemans, Pau Torres, Calum Chambers, Philippe Coutinho, Jaden Philogene, Cameron Archer, Omari Kellyman.
Newcastle manager Howe has handed a debut to Tonali, with the former Milan midfielder playing alongside Guimaraes and Joelinton in the middle of the pitch. Summer signings Livramento and Barnes are on the bench, with Isak preferred ahead of Wilson in the attack.
As for Villa, Diaby starts on the right wing after an impressive set of performances in pre-season. Konsa and Mings keep their place at the heart of the defence, meaning that Carlos and Torres are among the substitutes. Tielemans will also have to wait for his debut after signing in the summer.
Newcastle are unbeaten in their last 14 Premier League home games against Villa (winning eight and drawing six) since a 3-0 loss in April 2005.
Villa get this Premier League clash under way. McGinn with the first pass back to Luiz.
Newcastle have the first attack of the game. Gordon races down the left flank and plays a quick one-two with Joelinton. The former Everton winger gets into the final third and pulls a low cross into the middle of the box, but Mings is there to clear it away.
Guimaraes looks to create a chance and tries to thread a throughball into the box towards Isak. However, Mings gets across and stops him from receiving possession in a dangerous position.
Trippier has a free-kick on the left and swings a cross into the box. However, the captain puts in a poor delivery and Watkins launches it away.
GOAAALLLL! TONALI SCORES! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! What a start for the new signing. Guimaraes' attempt is saved, but the ball is only pushed away as far as Gordon. He plays a one-two with Joelinton before crossing towards Tonali, who gets ahead of Digne to score.
Gordon keeps looking to receive possession and has combined with Joelinton a couple of times in the opening exchanges of the game. This time he gets free of Cash before delivering a great cross to Tonali. The Italy international makes a late dash into the box and fires his shot into the corner.
Luiz is not happy and is showing his displeasure towards the referee. He is then shown a yellow card.
Tonali breaks free of Villa's defence and runs down the left side of the box. He has a chance to score his second of the game, but Martinez makes himself big and blocks the shot.
Villa have their first attempt of the game. Diaby rushes down the left side of the pitch on the counter and is chased by Gordon. The Newcastle man forces him wide, with Diaby's tame strike going straight at Pope.
GOALLLL! DIABY SCORES! 1-1! This game has started at an electric pace. McGinn keeps Villa's attack alive on the left next to the corner flag and curls a cross towards Watkins. The striker flicks the ball into the path of Diaby, with the new signing powering his shot into the top corner.
Watkins had a fantastic season for Villa last term and has shown his quality with this assist. He could have tried to score with a header but is aware of Diaby and flicks the ball back to him. Diaby is free and crashes his effort past Pope.
So far in 2023, only Manchester City have picked up more Premier League wins (17) and more Premier League points (53) than Villa (13 wins, 43 points). Indeed, their haul of 43 points is already more than they picked up in the whole of 2022 (41). They reacted quickly to going behind and now have the momentum in this fixture.
GOALLL! ISAK SCORES! 2-1 NEWCASTLE! The home side have their lead back through Isak! Trippier plays a short free-kick across to Tonali, who curls his cross into the box. Botman throws his leg at the ball to direct a cross towards Isak, with the striker free in the middle. He is ready for the chance and drives his low effort past Martinez. There was a short VAR check for offside but the goal is allowed.
Botman bursts into the box to get on the end of Tonali's cross and slides to the floor to connect with the ball and keep the attack alive. His pass is perfectly set for Isak who has a simple finish.
Newcastle have won their opening league game in two of the last three seasons (losing one), having done so in just one of their previous 12 campaigns (drawing four and losing seven). Following their 2-0 win against Nottingham Forest last season. The Magpies are looking to win their opening league game in consecutive campaigns for the first time since 2006-07/2007-08.
Villa will be disappointed at conceding so quickly after finding an equaliser. However, they allowed Newcastle to commit men forward after conceding a poor free-kick.
Digne flashes a cross into the box from the left. It goes over the head of Watkins and towards Diaby, but it bounces ahead of him and out for a goal-kick.
Isak gets down the right side of the pitch and looks to slot the ball into the path of Almiron. However, his touch is poor and the chance escapes him.
CHANCE! Diaby has been Villa's best player so far. He receives possession just outside the box on the right and holds onto it waiting for support. Watkins makes a darting run and gets onto the end of his low cross but drags his attempt wide.
Mings is down after the chance. He collided with Isak and needs medical assistance. The Newcastle striker is next to him to check on his condition.
It looks like Mings will need to come off. Torres is stretching on the side of the pitch and is ready to come on.
Mings is taken off on a stretcher and the entire stadium are on their feet applauding the Villa man.
A sad ending to the opening game of the season for Mings, who comes off on a stretcher after colliding with Isak. Torres comes to make his Premier League debut.
Digne is shown the first yellow card of the game after the bottom of his boot hits Almiron's hand. The Newcastle man was trying to collect the ball after it had rolled off the pitch.
Torres has started the game brightly after coming on as a substitute. He protects the ball from Isak before rolling past a pressing attacker to retain possession.
Digne has a corner on the right and curls an inviting cross towards Luiz. He escapes his marker and heads the ball across the goal, but it is cleared away.
Newcastle are having the majority of the possession, with Tonali and Guimaraes dictating the tempo of the game. The latter of the pair looks to switch possession out to the right towards Trippier, but Digne gets across to put it out for a throw-in.
Bailey and Diaby have looked threatening on the wings and are being helped by the overlapping full-backs. However, they are lacking a final pass when they get into the wide areas. They have not got Watkins involved enough, with the striker having just 10 touches to this point.
WIDE! Diaby has possession just outside the box and is forced back, playing a pass to Luiz. The duo play a fast one-two with Diaby escaping his markers and moving into the box, but he lashes his attempt from a narrow angle against the side of the net.
The ball is launched out of Newcastle's defence, allowing Trippier to burst out of his usual position and into an attacking position. He takes a touch past Digne, but cannot keep it under control. He is furious with the referee as he believes he is fouled by the left-back.
There will be 10 minutes of additional time.
Guimaraes has possession inside Villa's box and has Isak to his left demanding the ball. However, his pass is poor and the away side get it away. Trippier recovers it and looks to curl a cross into a dangerous area, but Martinez runs out to claim.
Tonali has shown his quality on his debut and looks to start an attack, switching the play from right to left towards Gordon. However, the winger cannot get the ball under control and is rolls out for a throw-in. Gordon puts his hand in the air to apologise for the mistake.
Diaby breaks down the right and drives into the middle of the pitch before delivering a pass to Watkins. He tries to make space on the edge of the box to get a shot away, but he is crowded out by the Newcastle defence.
Villa are shown their second yellow card of the game, but Newcastle want it to be a red. Almiron runs down the right and pokes the ball past Martinez, who rushes out of his box to try and win possession. He then pulls down the 29-year-old and is booked.
Botman is shown a yellow card after complaining to the referee. He wanted Martinez to get sent off for his foul on Almiron.
Burn gets on the end of the following free-kick but cannot get his attempt on target.
HALF-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 2-1 ASTON VILLA
Newcastle are leading at the break thanks to goals from Tonali and Isak. The Magpies broke the deadlock after just six minutes through debutant Tonali, with the Italy international getting on the end of Gordon's cross to fire his shot into the bottom corner. Villa then levelled through a new signing of their own. McGinn's cross was flicked towards Diaby by Watkins, with the winger darting into space before blasting his strike into the bottom corner. However, Isak restored Newcastle's lead five minutes later. Botman prodded Tonali's cross into the heart of the box. Isak was there to attack it and powered a low effort beyond the goalkeeper. Diaby then had a chance to score his second on his first appearance for Villa but lashed his shot from a narrow angle into the side of the net.
Newcastle have been the better side and will look to continue their strong performance after the break. Gordon has been electric on the left side of the pitch and has pushed Cash towards his own goal. Additionally, he has combined with Burn to stop Diaby from progressing forward. The midfield trio of Tonali, Guimaraes and Joelinton have also impressed and will only improve as the season progresses. As for Villa, Diaby has been one of their few bright sparks and has almost single-handedly given them an attacking presence. Watkins has had a couple of nice touches but has not been involved in the game enough.
Villa make their second substitution of the game, with another debutant making an appearance. Tielemans replaces Bailey, with the winger struggling to make an impact on the game.
Newcastle get the ball rolling again. They did not make a change at the break.
Newcastle have won their last 12 Premier League matches when leading at half-time, dating back to 31st August 2022 against Liverpool (L1-2).
Gordon has caused Cash a host of problems so far, with the right-back now going into the book for fouling the 22-year-old. Gordon was breaking away before being pulled to the floor.
Trippier plays a short one-two from a corner before playing a pass out to Tonali. He looks to curl a cross into the box with his right foot but does not get any height on it, allowing Watkins to clear.
Diaby looks to make things happen every time he receives possession. This time he turns on the ball and looks to switch a pass out to the left to Digne inside Newcastle's half, but Trippier reads his attempt and makes the interception.
Almiron rushes down the left flank before whipping a low cross into the heart of the box. Isak tries to get on the end of it but it flashes past his outstretched foot.
Gordon now goes into the book after a late tackle on Cash. They have had an intense battle so far.
Luiz plays a smart throughball down the left channel to Digne, who is unmarked. He tries to send a low cross into the box but Schar clears it behind. Luiz has had a bright start to the half and is constantly looking to make positive passes forward.
GOALLL! ISAK SCORES AGAIN! 3-1 NEWCASTLE! That is a sublime finish from Isak. Gordon's pass towards the striker is intercepted by Konsa, who is forced back towards his goal by the striker. Trying to roll the ball with the bottom of his foot inside the box, he misses it completely, allowing Isak to gain possession. He is one-on-one with Martinez and chips his shot over the goalkeeper.
Isak is the first Newcastle player since Obafemi Martins in 2007-08 to score twice for Newcastle in their opening game of a Premier League season.
CHANCE FOR A HAT-TRICK! Almiron breaks down the middle of the pitch with possession before slotting a throughball into the path of Isak inside the box. The striker only has Martinez to beat but blasts his strike straight at the goalkeeper.
Joelinton races behind Villa's defence trying to get onto a pass over the top but is beaten to it by Martinez. He is outside the box and heads the ball out to the right, but can only find Almiron. He looks to score Newcastle's fourth but cannot get any power on his shot, with the goalkeeper scampering across to make the save.
Villa make their third change of the game and their captain makes his way off. McGinn is replaced by Carlos.
CHANCE! Cash has to score. Diaby slides a pass down the left side to Watkins, who cuts the ball onto his right foot and past a defender before powering a shot towards the goal. Pope pushes it away, but only as far as Cash who shoots over from close range. Diaby has his head in his hands.
Against no side have Newcastle United won more Premier League games than they have against Aston Villa (24, level with Tottenham), while they've also beaten the Villans more often in their overall league history than they have any other opponent (71).
Guimaraes is shown the seventh yellow card of the game after raising his arm in the air, wanting a Villa player to be shown a card for a foul on Tonali.
Gordon has had a fantastic game on the left side of the pitch and is now being given a rest. Barnes is on for his Newcastle debut.
Howe is ruthless with his substitutions and denies Isak the chance of a hat-trick. Wilson takes his place and will lead the attack.
Wilson has scored 11 goals in his last 12 Premier League games, averaging a goal every 58 minutes in this run. Indeed, since the start of April, Wilson is the highest scorer in the competition overall (11).
Tonali switches the play from right to left, allowing Barnes to get involved for the first time. He switches possession onto his left foot and whips a cross into the box towards Wilson, but Carlos dives across to get his head on it.
Diaby has not been able to impact the game the same way in the second half as he was able to in the first. The Newcastle defence get tight with him every time he receives possession and does not let him have any space to work with.
Cash has possession on the right and touches the ball past Burn before driving a cross into the box. It is goal-bound, forcing Pope to push it behind for a corner.
Guimaraes has possession and launches a pass out to the left to Barnes. He cannot get there but forces Cash to clear it away for a throw-in.
GOALLL! WILSON SCORES! 4-1 NEWCASTLE! What an impact from the substitute. Two new signings combine, with Tonali threading a pass down the left to Barnes. The former Leicester City winger beats the offside trap and moves into the box before sliding a pass into the feet of Wilson, who powers his effort into the top corner. There was a short VAR check for offside against Barnes, but the goal stands.
Barnes makes an immediate impression in front of his new fans. The winger races onto Tonali's throughball and has a chance to shoot, but plays a smart pass across to Wilson, who has a much easier finish.
Since the start of last season, Wilson has scored more Premier League goals as a substitute (five) than any other player.
SAVE! Wilson should have scored again. Barnes breaks away from Villa's defence and into the end of a pass from Joelinton. He dribbles forward with possession and waits for support, slotting a pass across to Wilson. He is free in the middle but has his shot from close range blocked by the legs of Martinez.
OFF THE LINE! Joelinton gets his head onto a corner and powers his attempt into the ground. Martinez might have got a faint touch on the ball but is going in before a clearance off the line from Watkins.
The Newcastle fans are cheering every successful pass. They have been comfortable in this game since scoring their second goal and have only been tested on a couple of occasions by Villa's attack.
Guimaraes has combined well with Tonali in the midfield and has been crucial for Newcastle in this game. He is given a rest and is replaced by Longstaff.
Almiron has not got a goal or an assist but has caused a lot of problems for Villa on the wings. Murphy takes his place for the final few minutes.
Diaby has been quiet since the restart after being in the middle of the action before the break. Coutinho is given the rest of the game to make an impact.
Cash has had a difficult game against Gordon and Barnes. He is replaced by Philogene-Bidace.
Coutinho is trying to make things happen and carries the ball forward before being forced back by Newcastle's defence. They have protected their box well and are not giving away many chances.
GOALLL! BARNES SCORES! 5-1 NEWCASTLE! The Magpies are making a statement to the rest of the league on the opening weekend of the season. Barnes races onto the end of a pass from Murphy and drives into the box. He gets down the left and has Wilson in the middle, but goes for the goal himself and curls his shot into the bottom corner.
Murphy holds onto possession on the halfway line before flicking a pass into the feet of Barnes, who escapes the Villa defence for the third time since coming on. He has options for a pass but scores himself with a calm finish into the corner.
Tonali wastes time on his way off the pitch and is shown a yellow card.
Tonali has had a dream debut and is now coming off. Anderson impressed during pre-season and is now coming on.
Luiz is over a free-kick on the right and looks for the top corner from a narrow-angle, but Pope reads his intentions and pushes it behind for a corner.
Murphy ignores a run from Barnes before chipping a pass over the top of Villa's defence towards Wilson. The striker looks to have beaten Konsa, but the centre-back gets back to slide the ball away.
FULL-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 5-1 ASTON VILLA
Newcastle trounced Villa 5-1 to move to the top of the Premier League table. Tonali opened the scoring on his debut, darting onto a cross from Gordon to poke his attempt past Martinez. Diaby then crashed in an equaliser on his first start for Villa before the Magpies took complete control of the fixture. Isak scored either side of half-time to give Newcastle a comfortable advantage, with Cash missing a glorious chance to halve the deficit. Wilson was unfortunate not to start but came off the bench to score his first of the season, getting on the end of an inviting pass across the box from Barnes. The former Leicester man then netted his first and Newcastle's fifth, rushing onto the end of a throughball from Murphy before curling his effort into the bottom corner.
Newcastle only lost twice at home last season and started their season at  St. James' Park with an emphatic win over Aston Villa. Next up, they travel to Premier League champions Manchester City. As for Villa, they will be disappointed that the game escaped them after equalising. They will be looking to secure their first victory of the season when they host Everton.
That's all at St. James' Park, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Brentford and Tottenham at Brentford Community Stadium!
While Brentford have won just two of their opening league games over the past 11 seasons, they have not lost either of their two Premier League openers to date. Since promotion in 2021, the Bees have beaten Arsenal and held Leicester City to a 2-2 draw. Thomas Frank's side finished just one point and one place behind their opponents here in last term's final standings, having posted five wins from their final six games. Though unbeaten throughout their last nine capital-city fixtures in the Premier League - winning each of the last four in a row - Brentford have a miserable record against Tottenham: they have won only two of the teams' 10 league meetings.
Since they last met Brentford in May, when the Bees stung their hosts with a 3-1 win, much has changed at Tottenham. The post-Harry Kane era begins here, as Spurs also play their first competitive fixture under Ange Postecoglou. The departure of their talisman and leading goalscorer comes after an eighth-placed finish last term and defeat in their final friendly of pre-season, which saw them beaten by Barcelona on Tuesday. Nonetheless, the Lilywhites have lost their first league game just once in the last seven years, winning on five occasions.
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Mark Flekken; Nathan Collins, Kristoffer Ajer, Ethan Pinnock; Aaron Hickey, Mathias Jensen, Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt, Rico Henry; Yoane Wissa, Bryan Mbeumo.
SUBS: Thomas Strakosha, Mathias Jorgensen, Mikkel Damsgaard, Josh Dasilva, Mads Roerslev, Kevin Schade, Keane Lewis-Potter, Shandon Baptiste, Yehor Yarmoliuk.
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Emerson Royal, Micky van de Ven, Cristian Romero, Destiny Udogie; Oliver Skipp, Yves Bissouma; Dejan Kulusevski, James Maddison, Son Heung-Min; Richarlison.
SUBS: Brandon Austin, Ben Davies, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Davinson Sanchez, Giovani Lo Celso, Manor Solomon, Pedro Porro, Ivan Perisic, Pape Sarr.
While recent signings Flekken and Collins start for Brentford, star striker Ivan Toney remains unavailable due to a suspension that runs until the start of 2024. With first-choice goalkeeper David Raya reportedly soon to depart, Flekken features between the posts, behind a line-up captained by Norgaard, who has overcome an injury to take his place in midfield. In Toney's absence, Mbeumo and Wissa are paired up front.
Spurs name a quartet of debutants for their Premier League opener, as Van de Ven, Udogie, Maddison and Vicario all start. The latter replaces club captain Hugo Lloris in goal, while Richarlison steps into the void left by Kane; new captain Son supports the Brazil striker up front. Rodrigo Bentancur joins Fraser Forster, Ryan Sessegnon and Bryan Gil on the sidelines due to injury.
The players come out onto the pitch at Brentford Community Stadium, with kick-off just moments away. However, just as the game is set to start, kick-off has been delayed due to a problem with sanitation inside Brentford Community Stadium. The anticipation builds still further!
Following a brief delay, Brentford kick off, and we are under way in London!
A clash of heads between Romero and Mbeumo on the edge of Spurs' box sees the action halted, and both medical teams race onto the pitch in order to assess them.
Following treatment, both players are ultimately able to recover from their collision, and after the action resumes they both rejoin the fray.
Tottenham have taken the intiative since the game got back under way, as Brentford sit back and seek to soak up pressure before countering at speed.
Under new management, Spurs' starting XI has an average age of 25 years and 65 days - their youngest in a Premier League match since March 2020 v Wolves, when Jose Mourinho was in charge.
After Collins concedes a corner, Brentford are put under significant pressure inside their own area, as the visitors zip the ball around purposefully in the final third.
SPURS LEAD! Having recovered from his earlier head injury, Romero sprints in to the six-yard box and steers home a header, which leaves Flekken well beaten! Maddison's whipped free-kick from the left set him up, and Tottenham lead 1-0!
Kicking off his assist account for the new season, Maddison crosses from a free-kick on the left and finds the head of Romero.
OFFSIDE? Spurs' joy is quelled, as the VAR is now inspecting Romero's goal - it seems there's a suspicion of offside when he heads the ball in from close range. It's too close to call!
GOAL GIVEN! After much scrutiny, Romero's goal stands! He was onside by a matter of millimetres! 1-0 to Spurs!
Ending an eventful start to his season, Romero is now withdrawn due to concussion, following his head injury earlier. Sanchez replaces him at centre-back, but the Argentina international is clearly not happy!
SAVE! First, Vicario manages to punch clear under heavy pressure inside his box, then Brentford recycle the ball and Wissa picks out Mbeumo with a throughball down the left side of the area, before the latter unleashes a powerful shot towards the bottom corner: Vicario is equal to it! That's a corner for the hosts.
Vicario is called upon again, as Wissa pulls off an acrobatic overhead kick from near the penalty spot, which loops up and into the goalkeeper's gloves on the centre of his goal-line.
After Henry fires a dangerous low ball across the box from the left, an alert Udogie covers from full-back and steals it away from a Brentford boot when immediate danger was looming.
Norgaard can't quite bring a cross into the six-yard box under control, and the ball loops up off his boot, which allows Vicario to leap high and claim it.
PENALTY FOR BRENTFORD? After a long passage of play is ended by Jensen hammering the ball into touch, a VAR review will commence! Earlier on, Son tracked back and tries to nick the ball from Jensen in the area, but just clipped his opponent instead.
BRENTFORD HAVE A SPOT-KICK! After looking at the penalty incident on the pitchside monitor, the referee points to the spot! The Bees can strike back now, with a great chance to equalise from 12 yards!
For dissent towards the referee, following the decision to award Brentford a penalty, Vicario is booked on his Premier League debut.
BRENTFORD PULL LEVEL! Mirroring his team-mate Toney's penalty technique, Mbeumo steps up and skips into his spot-kick, placing it coolly into the bottom corner! Vicario went the wrong way, and it's now 1-1 at Brentford Community Stadium!
Continuing the new disciplinary regime of the Premier League, Spurs coach Ryan Mason is now sent from the touchline, as the fall-out from Brentford's penalty-kick continues.
An overhit pass by Maddison drifts out of play on the right byline, but the Spurs debutant has been one of few players to have made a mark on this game for the visitors. In addition to his assist for Tottenham's goal, he has looked to link the play in familiar style.
Deep in Brentford territory, Sanchez bundles over Janelt and then Henry, but only his challenge on the latter is deemed worthy of a free-kick for Brentford.
Mostly thanks to Toney's proficiency from the spot - and partly to Mbeumo's strike here - since their promotion to the Premier League in 2021, only Manchester City (16) have scored more penalties than Brentford (14) in England's top flight.
Richarlison and Emerson combine well on the edge of the box, but when Son receives the ball he can't bring it under his spell and Spurs' attack breaks down.
THE BEES LEAD! The hosts have turned it around! Henry surges to the left byline and then cuts a low ball back for Wissa in the box, and via a desperate deflection from Van de Ven the ball beats Vicario and nestles in the net! It's now 2-1 to Brentford!
A typically decisive sprint into space on the left flank opens up space for Henry, who delivers a precise pass for Wissa to fire home.
Maddison also receives a booking for dissent.
After another clumsy tackle, this time on Wissa, substitute Sanchez is shown a yellow card.
Following his strike here, Wissa has now been involved in four goals across his last four starts in the Premier League (three of his own and one assist). That's as many as in his previous 13.
Tottenham are trying to apply some sustained pressure on the Brentford box, but their hosts are standing strong. Aside from conceding the opening goal via a set-piece, the Bees are proving difficult to break down.
Having received the ball from Maddison, Bissouma tries his luck with a shot from outside the box, which is blocked.
As Bissouma seeks to regain possession after his error gives the ball away, he hauls back Wissa and Brentford will have a free-kick deep inside their own half.
Following three team-mates into the referee's notebook, Skipp pulls back Jensen by the sleeve and is rightly penalised.
Due to the stoppages for VAR checks and Romero's injury earlier on, we are now into 11 minutes of additional time at the end of the first half.
After a cross is swept over from the right by Maddison, a tightly-marked Richarlison manages to flick the ball on with his head. However, Son slices the ball straight into the side-netting near the back post.
SPURS EQUALISE! A spin from Maddison opens up space on the edge of the area and sends the ball into the path of an on-rushing Emerson. The full-back then lines up a low strike and thumps the ball into the bottom-left corner from 20 yards out! That pulls the away side level just before the break!
Already making an impact at his new club, Spurs playmaker Maddison sets up another goal - this time turning and playing in Emerson on the edge of Brentford's box.
New Tottenham vice-captain Maddison has now set up four goals in five Premier League appearances against Brentford.
MISS! Yet another lung-bursting run down the left by Henry opens up Tottenham's defence, and his precise delivery towards the back post picks out Mbeumo. However, the Cameroon international fails to control his volleyed effort and effectively misses an open goal - a great chance spurned!
HALF-TIME: BRENTFORD 2-2 TOTTENHAM
An eventful opening period - which only started after a delay - sees the teams all-square at the break, with Tottenham scoring either side of Brentford's two-goal salvo midway through the half. Romero scored the opener and was then withdrawn due to concussion, before a penalty and a counter-strike put the Bees in front. Then, deep into a huge serving of stoppage time, Spurs found their spectacular leveller. That leaves things perfectly poised for the second half.
Such has been their resilience, Brentford are unbeaten across their last 13 Premier League matches when drawing at half-time in the Premier League, since losing to Leeds on the final day of the 2021-22 campaign. While the Bees have not won four consecutive top-flight matches since 1939, with a second-half winner they would do so here.
Tottenham kick off, and we are back under way at Brentford Community Stadium!
Maddison exchanges passes with Skipp outside the area, then sends in a tame low shot; Flekken makes a routine stop in the centre of his goal.
Having sustained an apparent muscular injury, Jensen has to come off early in the second half. His compatriot Damsgaard will replace the Danish midfielder.
Richarlison surges to the left byline, earning his team a corner by rebounding the ball off a Brentford defender. Form the set-piece, Ajer is forced to concede another corner-kick.
Despite failing to set up for a clean strike from the right side of the area, Kulusevski tries his luck at goal. As a result, the winger's mishit shot trundles wide of the target.
Richarlison applies more pressure to the Brentford back line, this time shutting down Collins inside the six-yard box and forcing the Irish defender to concede a corner. Spurs are on top at the start of this half.
DOUBLE SAVE! With their first attacking move of the second half, Brentford test Vicario twice! First, the goalkeeper pushes away a dangerous ball across the box; then, Damsgaard fails to connect fully with a shot from 15 yards and sees it stopped.
SHARP STOP! Flekken denies Son! Another Spurs corner is delivered by Maddison, and after Kulusevski then picks up the loose ball, the winger's deflected cross falls into the Tottenham's captain's path. However, his powerful strike at the bottom-left corner is saved!
For aggressively bundling over Son midway through Brentford's half, Hickey is booked by the referee.
SAVE! Spurs' dominance continues, as Richarlison tests Flekken with a stinging shot! The Brazilian striker runs through down the right side of the area to collect Maddison's throughball, but can only thump his attempt straight at the Dutch stopper.
After Henry toys with Emerson out on the left flank, he rolls the ball back inside for Norgaard, who overhits his cross into the box; allowing Vicario to grab the ball without too much trouble.
It's relentless pressure from the away team now, as full-back Udogie arrives near the byline and cuts a ball into the danger zone, forcing Pinnock to make a hurried hack clear.
Son and Udogie combine well on the left flank, but the Spurs skipper then finds himself dispossessed by the byline and another attack breaks down.
Frank senses that his side are flagging now, with Spurs in the ascendancy. First, he introduces Roerslev in place of Hickey.
Baptiste comes on for Brentford captain Norgaard.
Finally, Schade replaces Wissa up front for the Bees.
Spurs respond with their own series of substitutions. First, Skipp makes way for fellow midfielder Sarr.
After a disappointing shift, Son is also withdrawn; Perisic replaces him on the left wing.
Since the substitutions for both sides, Spurs have lost a little momentum. They seemed sure to find a breakthrough at some stage, but Brentford are now edging their way back into this contest.
PENALTY FOR BRENTFORD? Though Schade drops down to the turf under a challenge from Van de Ven inside Tottenham's area, it appears that the Dutch defender cleanly won the ball. Nonetheless, the VAR is conducting a review!
NO PENALTY! It doesn't take long for the VAR to decide that no action is required: Van de Ven did not foul Schade in the box!
A rather hopeful prodded cross from the right by Roerslev only finds Vicario in the Spurs area, as the goalkeeper comes off his line and coolly claims the ball.
Under close attention from a defender, Sarr loops a tame 10-yard header straight at Flekken in the Brentford goal.
Brentford make a change at the back, as Ajer departs and Jorgensen is introduced.
Brentford waste a set-piece opportunity from the right flank, but they quickly regain possession. Then, Jorgensen flashes a lobbed cross from outside the box just past the far post, almost embarrasing Vicario, who can't quite get his fingertips to it.
Another chance is spurned by Richarlison, as the Spurs striker pokes a laboured shot straight at Jorgensen from the brink of the box. He failed to open up his body enough to strike it cleanly - would Kane have found the bottom corner there?
At the end of this half there will be a more moderate four minutes added on for stoppages, but can either side now find a late winner?
Brentford continue to defend their box expertly, and Spurs remain frustrated. The clock ticks down towards the final whistle.
FULL-TIME: BRENTFORD 2-2 TOTTENHAM
Following a frantic first half packed with goals and incident, Brentford and Tottenham play out a tense 2-2 draw in their first fixture of the new Premier League campaign. Spurs' new style, post-Kane and with Postecoglou at the helm, saw the visitors make more successful passes in a single league game than in any match since January 2022, yet they could not find a winner against an obdurate home side. The spoils are shared, with the Bees perhaps more content with their point.
Both teams now have nearly a week to prepare for their next Premier League contest, as Spurs host Manchester United next Saturday while Brentford meet rivals Fulham at Craven Cottage.
That's all from Brentford Community Stadium, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Chelsea and Liverpool at Stamford Bridge.
The Blues endured a turbulent period last season, with their 12th-placed finish in the English top flight meaning they will not play European football this campaign. Thomas Tuchel and Graham Potter were both dismissed by Chelsea in the abject 2022-23 term, although Mauricio Pochettino – formerly of rivals Tottenham – will hope to fare better in his opening match with his new side.
Liverpool played out a frustrating campaign in the Premier League, too. However, a late recovery secured fifth place in England’s top league, with the Reds settling for Europa League qualification after missing out on the top four by four points. Jurgen Klopp has lost numerous seasoned campaigners from his side, with Jordan Henderson, Fabinho and James Milner all departing, although the German coach will hope new signings Alexis Mac Allister and Dominik Szoboszlai can hit the ground running.
CHELSEA (3-5-2): Robert Sanchez; Axel Disasi, Thiago Silva, Levi Colwill; Reece James, Conor Gallagher, Enzo Fernandez, Carney Chukwuemeka, Ben Chilwell; Raheem Sterling, Nicolas Jackson.
SUBSTITUTES: Andrey Santos, Marc Cucurella, Mason Burstow, Noni Madueke, Ian Maatsen, Mykhailo Mudryk, Lucas Bergstrom, Malo Gusto, Chimuanya Ugochukwu.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Alisson; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil van Dijk, Andrew Robertson; Dominik Szoboszlai, Cody Gakpo, Alexis Mac Allister; Mohamed Salah, Diogo Jota, Luis Diaz.
SUBSTITUTES: Darwin Nunez, James McConnel, Ben Doak, Joseph Gomez, Caoimhin Kelleher, Curtis Jones, Konstantinos Tsimikas, Joel Mateo, Harvey Elliott.
Pochettino hands three Chelsea debuts out in his first starting XI of the top-flight term. Sanchez, signed from Brighton and Hove Albion, starts in goal, while centre-back Disasi and young striker Jackson are also in from the off. New Blues captain James lines up at right wing-back, with Chilwell on the other flank as the Blues opt for a 3-5-2 system.
Klopp brings in two of his transfer-window additions from the start, with Mac Allister and Szoboszlai joining Gakpo in an attacking three-man midfield. Jota gets the nod in the front three, partnering Salah and Diaz, as Nunez is left on the bench for Liverpool. The Reds have named six attackers, with no out-and-out midfielders covering their four-man defence – this could be an all-out attack from the visitors!
Each of the last four meetings between Chelsea and Liverpool in all competitions has finished 0-0 – no fixture in competitive English football history has finished goalless five times in a row before. As the players make their way onto the pitch, here’s hoping for a better game this time out!
Referee Anthony Taylor gets the game under way!
At a first look, it is still hard to tell whether Pochettino has gone for three in defence, or a four with Colwill at left-back and Chilwell pushed into midfield. Regardless, Salah sees an early pass cleared out by Disasi.
Mac Allister crosses in from the right-hand side before Jota clips a header harmlessly wide of the target. Down the other end, Jackson holds up well before Chukwuemeka loses possession inside the Liverpool area.
A wayward Chukwuemeka pass invites pressure down Chelsea's left flank. The Blues stand firm from the resulting throw-in, though, and Sterling nips in front of Robertson to win it back for Pochettino's hosts.
A poor opening for Chukwuemeka continues as the Chelsea midfielder lunges at a diving Konate and catches the Liverpool centre-back in the chest. Referee Taylor shows the first yellow card of the game to the Blues man.
WIDE! Szoboszlai wanders through the Chelsea defence before Jota unleashes a right-footed effort inside the area. The Liverpool pair appear to get in each other's way, though, and the Portugal international's strike travels wide to Sanchez's left.
Sterling chases a long pass forward from James, although Van Dijk quickly intervenes. Gakpo then hauls down Gallagher and Chelsea settle for a free-kick in the middle of the pitch.
Konate makes a mockery of Chilwell, dancing around the Blues defender before Szoboszlai wins a free-kick on the right. Jackson exchanges a brief few words with a couple of the Reds, before Klopp's side resume play with a long pass that does not find Diaz.
A first corner of this clash comes on Chelsea's right as James sees his cross deflected behind by Van Dijk. Fernandez goes short before James' delivery gets headed away by Jota.
BLOCK! Fernandez plays forward for Sterling before receiving a follow-up pass towards the right of goal. The World Cup winner looks for the bottom-left corner, but a fantastic block by Konate saves Liverpool.
OFF THE BAR! A loose ball falls for Salah on the edge of the area and the Liverpool forward curls a right-footed attempt towards the top-right corner. Sanchez has no chance but the crossbar denies the Egypt international and keeps Chelsea on level terms.
Salah, who just went close, has scored in Liverpool's opening Premier League game in all six of his seasons with the Reds. His eight opening-day goals in total are a joint record in the competition.
James races around Sterling on the overlap before the Chelsea captain drives a low cross towards the near post. Jackson is a touch away from beating Alisson but the Liverpool goalkeeper does just enough to deflect away from danger.
Salah has acres of space down the right flank but a poor touch allows Disasi to intervene. The Liverpool forward keeps finding pockets of space but is yet to make Chelsea pay.
GOOOOOOOOOOALLL! 1-0 LIVERPOOL! A superb passage of play sees the Reds strike first at Stamford Bridge. Klopp’s side work it from the back, all the way out to Salah, who cuts inside and curls a sumptuous pass towards the back post. Diaz times his run to perfection before lunging to slide a left-footed finish into the bottom-left corner past Sanchez.
Salah has caused constant problems for Chelsea and this time gets his reward. The Liverpool forward dances inside onto his left foot, leaving Colwill stranded, before threading a pinpoint throughball for Diaz to open the scoring.
Chelsea have failed to win in their last 15 matches when conceding the opening goal in the Premier League, dating back to October 1, 2022 against Crystal Palace. Pochettino needs a response from the Blues here.
Referee Taylor gestures for Chilwell to get back to his feet after going down under pressure from Konate. The pair were contesting for a long ball inside the Liverpool area, but the Chelsea wing-back went down with questionable ease there.
Jackson buys a free-kick on the left-hand side after a needless shove by Szoboszlai. Chilwell swings towards the six-yard area, where Alisson collects after Konate looped an initial header away.
WIDE! Colwill shows some smart footwork to work it inside to Jackson, who bumps off a few challenges before dragging a left-footed strike just wide to Alisson's left. The new Chelsea forward made a chance out of nothing there.
Salah has been directly involved in 12 goals in seven appearances on matchday one of a Premier League season, scoring eight goals and providing four assists. The Liverpool forward again goes close in west London, though his left-footed curled attempt gets blocked in front of Sanchez's goal.
Mac Allister draws a foul from his Argentina team-mate Fernandez. The new Reds signing has looked comfortable thus far, although Pochettino's hosts are yet to test Liverpool's defensive resolve.
Salah has the ball in the back of the net after latching onto Alexander-Arnold’s throughball and coolly converting past Sanchez. The goal is initially given, but the VAR is going to have a look at this one...
NO GOAL! A long VAR check adjudges Salah to be offside from Alexander-Arnold's pass in behind. Colwill appeared to be the last defender, but the goal review spares Chelsea's blushes, at least temporarily. Liverpool remain leading 1-0.
Jota and Fernandez exchange a few words after a foul in midfield. The pair get in each other’s face, and referee Taylor books the Portugal attacker.
For his part in the heated exchange, Fernandez joins Jota in referee Taylor's book. This game is quietly bubbling away at Stamford Bridge.
Chilwell isn't best pleased after a lunge from Konate on Jackson. Chelsea seem to want some disciplinary action, but referee Taylor shows no interest.
Liverpool haven't lost their opening Premier League game in any of the last 10 seasons (W8 D2), since a 3-0 loss at West Bromwich Albion in the 2012-13 term under Brendan Rodgers. The Reds look good value for another opening-day lead here.
Van Dijk and Konate both individually deal with crosses from James as Chelsea ramp up the pressure. Sterling then bursts to the byline before Alexander-Arnold unconvincingly hooks a clearance over his own goal.
GOOOOOOOOOOALLLL! CHELSEA EQUALISE TO MAKE IT 1-1! A debut goal for Disasi drags the Blues back into this contest. Liverpool fail to deal with a loose ball from the hosts’ corner, before Chilwell heads towards the six-yard area. Disasi is the first on the scene and hooks a low effort under the onrushing Alisson.
Chilwell's hopeful header sets up Disasi's equaliser as the Chelsea centre-back reacts the quickest to roll under Alisson. The Blues are back level!
Stamford Bridge erupts as Fernandez slips in Chilwell, who rounds Alisson and taps into an empty net. The Blues think they have taken the lead, but the VAR is going to have a look at this one again…
NO GOAL! Liverpool and Chelsea remain level at 1-1 after Chilwell sees his finish ruled out for offside. The Blues left-back had just raced forwards too quickly for Fernandez’s pass, with the England international rightly adjudged offside by the VAR.
SAVE! A poor Colwill touch allows Salah a chance on his favoured left foot. The Reds forward whips towards the bottom-right corner, where Sanchez saves with ease after a timid effort.
Klopp's insistence to force Liverpool's backline up the pitch is causing the Reds all sorts of problems. Chelsea have been far from their best, but look like punishing their visitors every time they move the ball forward with pace.
OVER! James and Sterling link once more, as the former latches onto a one-two before driving a low cross towards the near post. Jackson takes the chance with a first-time effort but hooks his right-footed striker over the bar from close range. A huge chance goes begging for the new Blues striker.
There will be six minutes of added time to end the first half at Stamford Bridge, as has become the norm with the new directive for match officials this season.
Each of the last six meetings between Chelsea and Liverpool in all competitions have been drawn – it's Liverpool's longest run of consecutive draws against an opponent, while only against West Brom (1922-1927) and Norwich City (1974-1978, including three Anglo Scottish Cup meetings) have the Blues drawn seven in a row. Could another be on the cards?
Jota goes down holding his knee, offering a brief pause for both sets of players after a breathless first half. The Portugal international felt his right leg after a thunderous tackle from Colwill, who won the ball. Reassuringly for Liverpool, Jota is soon back on his feet and wanders over to the touchline.
Fernandez is far too quick for Mac Allister, as Jota returns to the pitch in preparation to defend a Chelsea free-kick from the right-hand side.
Disasi flicks Fernandez's free-kick towards the back post, but Colwill can't hook back across and Liverpool settle for a goal-kick.
HALF-TIME: CHELSEA 1-1 LIVERPOOL
Chelsea and Liverpool are level at half-time as the pair head in with the score at 1-1. This Premier League clash has been more resemblant of an NBA fixture, with a basketball-like feel to this free-flowing and enticing end-to-end affair. Diaz initially opened the scoring before Disasi equalised, after Salah had a goal ruled out to make it 2-0 to the Reds. Chilwell saw a strike chalked off, too, for the Blues, who almost punished Klopp’s side with back-to-back finishes after their 37th-minute equaliser.
Both Pochettino and Klopp have issues to address at half-time. Liverpool's high defensive line continues to invite opportunities for Sterling and Jackson, with Chilwell and James also causing problems down their respective flanks. However, Chelsea look unconvincing at the back as well, suggesting more goals could be on the cards in the second period at Stamford Bridge.
Both sets of players are back out in west London... and Liverpool get the second half under way!
Chelsea haven't won any of their last nine Premier League games against Liverpool which have been level at half-time (D6 L3), with each of the last four all ending in draws (home and away in both 2021-22 and 2022-23).
Diaz shapes to shoot after Gallagher loses possession in a costly area. The Colombia winger wins a corner for his efforts, with Colwill turning behind. However, play has paused briefly while Jackson receives treatment after being caught by Van Dijk's clearance.
CLOSE! Chelsea fail to fully clear from Liverpool's corner, with the ball flying around the area. Jota eventually brings some calm to proceedings before offloading to Van Dijk, who whips an audacious curling attempt just over when searching for the top-right corner.
Jota rides a couple of tackles before finding Robertson, whose inviting delivery looks for Salah inside the area. Sanchez is alert to the danger, though, and claims just outside of his six-yard area.
PENALTY? Another Robertson cross forces Silva to clear behind for a Reds corner. Szoboszlai takes the set-piece, with Diaz flicking towards the bottom-left corner. The chance deflects off Jackson's arm, and the VAR are going to take a look at this one...
NO PENALTY! The VAR deems Jackson's arm to be in a natural position when blocking Diaz's headed attempt. Chelsea escape without conceding a spot-kick, which may be a tad fortunate given the ball did appear to strike their forward's hand.
SAVE! Sterling drifts inside and offloads for Fernandez, who plays a first-time pass out to Chilwell. The England left-back takes a touch to set himself, but sees his left-footed drive beaten away by Alisson. A huge opportunity goes amiss for the Blues!
Apart from the three teams to be relegated at the end of 2022-23, Chelsea have picked up fewer wins (four) and fewer points (20) so far in 2023 than any other Premier League side. Can Pochettino arrest those poor returns?
James floats a right-footed cross towards the back post, where Jackson gets underneath the delivery and fails to make contact when under pressure from Alexander-Arnold. Pochettino's hosts are on top here.
Alexander-Arnold wins a soft free-kick after a slight touch by Chilwell. The Stamford Bridge faithful are less than impressed. Although, they have something to shout about as their left wing-back battles for a free-kick moments later on the left-hand side.
James and Chilwell hover over the left-wing free-kick, with the former whipping towards Alisson's goal. The Liverpool goalkeeper stands still as the Chelsea captain's ambitious effort sails over the crossbar.
Chilwell forces a corner off Alexander-Arnold on the left flank. Klopp appears to be readying some changes on the touchline but Chelsea will get to take the set-piece first.
Fernandez's corner fails to beat the first man and the Reds clear with ease. A second wave of a Chelsea attack sees Silva's low shot blocked inside the area. Klopp will now get to make his double change.
Klopp hauls Gakpo, who has been quiet all game, off. Jones, a more out-and-out midfielder, is the man to replace the Netherlands international.
After getting the nod up top, Jota makes way for Nunez, who is sporting the number nine on his back for Liverpool.
Liverpool have been out of sorts since half-time but remain level with Chelsea yet to punish their sloppiness. Mac Allister and Szoboszlai have barely laid a glove on Fernandez or Gallagher this half.
Alexander-Arnold goes into the referee's book after taking an age to restart with a throw-in. Taylor shows no interest in his protests, quick to act on the defender's gamesmanship.
None of the last 10 managers whose first Premier League game in charge of a club came against Liverpool have won (D4 L6), since Craig Shakespeare's Leicester City beat the Reds 3-1 in February 2017. Can Pochettino buck that trend?
CHANCE! Colwill intercepts inside Chelsea's own half before releasing Jackson down the left channel. The Blues striker bursts into the area, holding off Konate, before seeing his low left-footed strike denied by Alisson, who gathers the subsequent rebound.
Sterling reacts furiously after the assistant gives a goal-kick, with the Chelsea winger claiming a deflection off Robertson. Just over 15 minutes of normal time remain for either side to find a late winner.
Gallagher clips to the right-hand side of the area for Jackson, whose cutback pass is intercepted by Van Dijk. A belated offside flag rules the chance irrelevant, while Pochettino prepares his first change on the touchline.
James looks to have another injury issue, and that will be the end of the game for the Chelsea captain, who hands the armband to Chilwell. Gusto comes on at right wing-back.
Salah is perhaps the unhappiest man in Stamford Bridge, throwing his bandages off as Klopp signals for his star attacker to come off. The Liverpool pair ignore each other on the touchline, as Elliott comes on for the Reds.
Youngster Doak also replaces Diaz as part of a double substitution by Liverpool.
Robertson twice tries to cross from the left flank, with the latter attempt cleared by Disasi at the near post. The Reds supporters jump to their feet in support, but can the visitors deliver for their travelling faithful?
Nunez darts down the left-hand side but his pace is no match for the experience of Silva, who intervenes with a sliding tackle. The ball going out of play allows Pochettino to make some more changes.
Chukwuemeka makes way for Maatsen, who will be keen to impress for Chelsea after starring in Burnley's Championship-winning side last campaign.
Sterling also wanders off, with big-money signing Mudryk offered the chance to impress a wanting Stamford Bridge support.
Maatsen arrows a pass out to the left for Chilwell, whose cross towards Jackson gets cleared by the sturdy Van Dijk. A needless Szoboszlai foul quickly brings an end to any chance of a Liverpool counter-attack.
Mudryk and Maatsen combine before Elliott thumps away a clearance from inside his own half. Chelsea are ramping up the pressure in the closing stages.
Jackson waves an imaginary yellow card after Konate’s foul and goes into referee Taylor’s book.
Mudryk goes down under a challenge from Szoboszlai but the referee waves play on. The Reds break down the other end but Maatsen does well to deal with Alexander-Arnold.
Another yellow card is out for a player’s reaction, with Mac Allister booked after demanding the same for a Gallagher foul.
Chilwell hands the armband to Silva as the Chelsea wing-back comes off for Ugochukwu.
Szoboszlai and Elliott appeal for handball from Gusto, along with a penalty for a Disasi lunge on the England youth international. However, both of those protests are ignored as the assistant belatedly waves his flag for offside.
SO CLOSE! Nunez dances inside from the left-hand side and whips a curling right-footed attempt towards the top-right corner. A slight deflection off Ugochukwu sends the chance just wide to Sanchez's left.
Robertson takes the resulting corner but Sanchez claims with real authority. Down the other end, Mudryk rounds Alisson but goes too wide before cutting back for Maatsen, who gets dispossessed inside the area.
Fernandez appeals for a corner but the referee points for a Liverpool goal-kick. Only seconds remain before a seventh straight draw between these two sides in all competitions is confirmed...
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 1-1 LIVERPOOL
A new Chelsea era under Pochettino starts with a 1-1 draw against Liverpool in their Premier League opener at Stamford Bridge. A thrilling first half saw Disasi cancel out Diaz's opener, either side of Salah's finish being ruled out for offside by the VAR. Chilwell also saw a strike chalked off before the break, although the two teams shared the spoils after a less eventful second period.
A draw to kick off the campaign may offer promise for Pochettino, whose Chelsea side dominated for large parts against Klopp's underwhelming visitors. The Blues visit West Ham in their next league encounter, while Liverpool are at home to Bournemouth, who they smashed 9-0 in the same fixture last season.
That is all from this Premier League clash between Chelsea and Liverpool. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League fixture as Manchester United get their 2023-24 campaign under way against Wolves at Old Trafford!
Erik ten Hag enters his second season in the Old Trafford dugout, looking to build on an encouraging 2022-23 campaign, which brought a third-placed Premier League finish and an end to United's six-year trophy drought. While the club's takeover saga rumbles on and discontent with the Glazers' ownership remains, the signings of Andre Onana, Mason Mount and Rasmus Hojlund have lifted the mood at Old Trafford – can the Red Devils maintain that by starting the season strongly?
Wolves, meanwhile, have endured a less-than-ideal pre-season, with big-name players including Ruben Neves moving on and a lack of incomings causing Julen Lopetegui to quit as head coach on the eve of the new campaign. Former Bournemouth boss Gary O'Neil oversees his first game at the helm here, knowing a positive performance is required after a difficult few weeks at Molineux.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Raphael Varane, Lisandro Martinez, Luke Shaw; Casemiro, Mason Mount; Antony, Bruno Fernandes, Alejandro Garnacho; Marcus Rashford.
MANCHESTER UNITED SUBS: Dean Henderson, Victor Lindelof, Harry Maguire, Anthony Martial, Christian Eriksen, Diogo Dalot, Jadon Sancho, Facundo Pellistri, Scott McTominay.
WOLVES (4-2-3-1): Jose Sa; Nelson Semedo, Craig Dawson, Maximilian Kilman, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Mario Lemina, Joao Gomes; Matheus Nunes, Pablo Sarabia, Pedro Neto; Matheus Cunha.
WOLVES SUBS: Dan Bentley, Matt Doherty, Boubacar Traore, Hwang Hee-Chan, Hugo Bueno, Sasa Kalajdzic, Toti Gomes, Fabio Silva, Joe Hodge.
Ten Hag hands full debuts to new recruits Onana and Mount, though Hojlund is expected to miss the first few weeks of the campaign. As a result, Rashford appears likely to play centrally with Garnacho and Antony out wide. Amid interest from West Ham, meanwhile, both Maguire and McTominay are named on the bench.
There are no new faces in the Wolves lineup, with the returning Doherty named among the substitutes. Gomes and Lemina will have to step up in midfield following the departure of club captain Neves, while Sarabia, Matheus and Neto will hope to provide the creativity. Cunha gets the nod up front, with Silva and Kalajdzic among O'Neil's options on the bench.
United are unbeaten in their last 18 Premier League home games (W15 D3), with their last defeat on this ground coming on the opening matchday against Brighton and Hove Albion 12 months ago. Can Wolves shock the Old Trafford crowd? The teams are out, and kick-off is moments away.
We're under way for the 2023-24 season at Old Trafford as Fernandes gets the ball rolling for United!
A loose United pass almost allows Neto in, but Garnacho gets back to steal possession before getting United moving forwards.
Wolves attack for the first time as Semedo sees a shot deflect towards the corner flag. Sarabia lets it run out of play, thinking it came off a red shirt last, but the referee points for a United goal-kick.
We're seeing two sides with very different aims here. While United's fans are desperate to see them close the gap to rivals Manchester City, most Wolves supporters would surely take a repeat of last term's 13th-placed finish after a chaotic few months.
A heavy challenge from Sarabia catches Garnacho, and United win a free-kick. Mount looks to dart onto Casemiro's pass following the set-piece, and Kilman clears behind for a corner.
Mount's delivery is punched clear by Sa, before the referee blows for a foul on a Wolves defender.
Antony drives inside to find Garnacho, but Lemina is on hand to make a fine challenge on the edge of his own box as Wolves clear the danger.
No team has won their opening Premier League game more often than Manchester United (20), though the Red Devils have started two of the last three campaigns with a loss. They lost at home to Brighton in their first game of last season, and last lost their opening league game in consecutive campaigns in 1972-73 and 1973-74.
Action at both ends as Sarabia's cutback is cleared ahead of Neto, and United's subsequent break is stopped by Cunha, who races back to stop Garnacho's advance.
Good save! United create the first real opening as Rashford darts in behind, but Sa closes the angle and smothers his shot from the right-hand side of the box. That's better from United after a slow start from the hosts.
Good strength from Wan-Bissaka to stop Cunha darting in behind. Antony is then dragged down by Ait-Nouri on halfway, and the Wolves left-back is fortunate to escape a yellow card.
O'Neil will be relatively pleased with Wolves' start. United have yet to get going and the visitors have almost caught them out on the break on a couple of occasions.
Garnacho looks to find Fernandes in the final third, but Dawson steps out to make a vital interception. He read that situation brilliantly.
Martinez scythes Neto down as the Portugal winger looks to break clear down the left, and the United defender picks up a deserved yellow card. Nothing comes of the free-kick, but the Red Devils man is walking a tightrope now.
Wolves have lost their opening league game in each of the last two seasons. They are looking to avoid starting three consecutive campaigns with a defeat, which they last did between 1988-89 and 1990-91.
Wonderful feet from Ait-Nouri, who beats Casemiro and Mount to enter United's half. He then finds Cunha, but the Brazilian is outmuscled by his compatriot Casemiro.
Rashford's four touches is the fewest of any player on the pitch so far. United are struggling to provide their talisman with service.
Garnacho finds Shaw with a neat backheel inside the box, but Semedo gets back to cover. A deep cross then almost finds Antony at the second time of asking, but Matheus gets back to clear the danger.
Great defending! Fernandes dispossesses Gomes and looks to thread a dangerous throughball into the box, but Wolves right-back Semedo chases back to make a crucial interception.
CLOSE! Cunha beats Casemiro and Martinez with ease on the break before finding Sarabia, who sees his low drive deflect narrowly wide of the bottom-right corner. Dawson heads down the resulting corner, but United clear at the second time of asking. Wolves are asking questions of their hosts.
Lemina sees a shot blocked outside the area before cynically dragging Fernandes down to stop a United break. He becomes the first visiting player to enter the book.
We've passed the half-hour mark at Old Trafford, and though United are enjoying a lot of possession, they're yet to seriously test Sa. Wolves have been combative in midfield and lively on the break.
Ait-Nouri breaks forward to win a throw-in on the left, before Casemiro escapes punishment after catching Cunha. The United midfielder was extremely fortunate not to concede the foul.
JUST WIDE! Wolves are really threatening on the break! Sarabia slips it through for Cunha, who drags his shot narrowly wide of the bottom-left corner. The Old Trafford crowd is growing restless.
Wolves are winless in their last eight Premier League away games (D2 L6), losing the last four in a row by an aggregate score of 15-1. They've shown plenty of purpose in the opening 35 minutes here, however.
Officials have been told to come down harshly on timewasting this season, and Ait-Nouri goes into the book for delaying the restart over a throw-in.
Scramble! Shaw gets up on the overlap and his cross is spilled by Sa. Garnacho and Fernandes try to turn it home only for Kilman to block near the line, but the referee eventually blows for a foul by Garnacho.
Rashford appeals for handball after heading Wan-Bissaka's cross against Semedo, but the defender's arm is in a totally natural position. United were never getting a penalty for that – the VAR check is swiftly complete.
Cunha breaks into the box but is denied by a wonderful challenge from Wan-Bissaka, who slides in to kick the ball off the Wolves man and out, winning a goal-kick.
United are starting to pen Wolves back a little more now, but they're lacking fluidity in midfield. Casemiro and Mount are operating as a double pivot with Fernandes supporting Rashford, but Wolves' backline is proving difficult to breach.
Rashford is crowded out in the area before Garnacho flashes a powerful effort well wide from a tight angle on the left.
Neto capitalises on Sarabia's hold-up play to beat four United challenges and reach the area, but Martinez eventually gets a foot in to deny Wolves a shot at goal.
Shaw scythed Sarabia down earlier in that move, and though the referee initially played advantage, he now goes back to book the full-back. That was another promising counterattack from Wolves, but they failed to make it count.
We're into two minutes of stoppage time at the end of this opening period. Unlike others across the Premier League's opening matchday, this game has flowed very nicely.
Wolves almost play themselves into trouble! A loose pass allows Rashford to break in behind, but newly-appointed skipper Kilman matches him stride-for-stride to make a last-ditch challenge, conceding a corner.
Wide! Mount's delivery is good, but Varane sends an awkward header wide at the back post. The Frenchman was just stretching for that, and he failed to make a strong connection.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 0-0 WOLVES.
Simon Hooper blows the half-time whistle and it remains goalless between Manchester United and Wolves. Despite all the pre-match noise, the visitors have given as good as they've got here, with Cunha and Sarabia both going close to finding the bottom corner on the break. O'Neil will be delighted with Wolves' tenacity and organisation, with Sa's routine save to deny Rashford the closest United have come to an opener. Ten Hag will demand much more after the interval.
Despite enjoying over 60 per cent of the possession, United have managed just one shot on target and 16 touches inside the Wolves area. The Red Devils have looked very disjointed so far, and there is surely more to come in the second half.
Ten Hag makes a half-time substitution as Lindelof replaces Martinez. The Argentine was booked early on and has looked nervous throughout, so that change makes sense for United.
Wolves kick off for the second half at Old Trafford. Can either team find a winner?
Neto beats Shaw for pace and reaches the byline, where his cutback is smothered behind by Onana. Sarabia floats the corner in, but United stand firm to clear their lines.
Lindelof's half-time introduction is surely more evidence, if it was needed, that Maguire's United career is over. The displaced captain continues to watch on from the bench, as rumours swirl that he could be joining David Moyes' West Ham soon.
CUNHA HITS THE POST! What a let-off for United! Matheus charges forward from his own half before picking out Sarabia. His low cross finds its way to Cunha at the far post, but with Onana stranded, the Brazilian side-foots against the post and behind. Wolves should be 1-0 up!
The Old Trafford crowd is trying to rouse their team as Sa mops up a ball in behind. Wolves have squandered some glorious chances here – will they live to regret them?
OFF THE LINE! Garnacho reaches a ball down the channel and beats the stranded Sa with a delicate lob. It looks to be dropping beneath the crossbar, but Dawson gets back to head it over his own crossbar. Great defending!
Almost an own goal! Kilman almost turns a left-wing cross into his own net as United continue to press, but Sa is well-placed to hold onto it. This is better from the hosts.
Good save from Onana! Cunha is still getting plenty of joy on the break! Another fine run takes the Brazilian through the heart of midfield, before his 25-yard effort is turned around the post by Onana! That's another warning for the Red Devils.
Wolves' corner comes to nothing, but they keep the pressure on and Neto wins another set-piece by blasting the ball into Shaw's face and behind. The left-back receives treatment before being given the all-clear to continue.
Wolves' corner almost finds Dawson at the back post, but United nervously clear the lines. The hosts break through Rashford, and Garnacho eventually blasts a long-range effort over the crossbar.
Garnacho wins a corner on the right for United, from which Fernandes goes short to the Argentine. He steps inside and blasts a wild effort all the way through the box and wide.
Wolves are about to turn to their bench for the first time. Hwang is receiving instructions and will enter the fray imminently. We're past the hour-mark and O'Neil's men are still holding their own.
Hwang takes Sarabia's place alongside Cunha in the Wolves attack.
Hwang's first involvement sees him hold up the ball near the touchline before being wiped out by Wan-Bissaka. The right-back is fortunate to escape a yellow card, but United will have to defend a wide free-kick from the Wolves left.
Neto's delivery finds Cunha, but he gets his header all wrong and sends it bouncing well wide of Onana's goal.
Having gone unbeaten in their first four Premier League meetings with United following their return to the top flight in 2018 (W1 D3), Wolves have lost five of their last six against the Red Devils. They've performed admirably so far here – can they go on to claim a point, or perhaps all three?
Wolves have created plenty of promising situations on the break here. Ait-Nouri is the latest to charge through the middle of the park, but Varane cuts out his cross before Hwang sends a wild effort off-target.
United are making a double change as they chase a winner. Eriksen replaces Mount, who has endured a difficult Red Devils debut.
Sancho, meanwhile, is on for Garnacho.
Neto is frustrated by the decision to award United a throw-in inside their own half, and the winger picks up a yellow card for delaying the restart.
Hwang and Matheus link up on the break before the former finds Neto in space on the right. His deep cross is carried behind by Onana, and Wolves win a corner, much to the crowd's frustration.
Varane heads the corner away, but Wolves keep the attack alive and will come again.
WHAT A CHANCE! Another outstanding run from Cunha sees the Brazilian feed Hwang, whose cutback deflects into the path of Neto. He has time to pick his spot from 12 yards out, but his shot is straight at Onana. Wolves should really be ahead here!
Sancho is involved for the first time as he cuts inside and wins a corner off Gomes. Shaw's kick is cleared by the first defender, and Cunha is on hand to stop Sancho's second delivery.
GOOAAAAL! VARANE PUTS UNITED AHEAD! Wolves are made to pay for their missed chances as Varane nods in from close range. Fernandes lifts a delicate ball over the Wolves backline, and Wan-Bissaka's volleyed cross is headed in by Varane from inside the six-yard box! 1-0!
Wan-Bissaka gets the assist after lifting a fine cross onto Varane's head, but Fernandes deserves plenty of credit for unlocking the Wolves defence with a fine ball over the top.
United make another change despite taking the lead as Pellistri replaces Antony.
O'Neil, meanwhile, responds to that setback with two changes of his own. Bueno replaces Ait-Nouri at left-back.
Cunha, meanwhile, is replaced by Silva up front.
O'Neil will be wondering how his side have found themselves behind here. They've created chance after chance but have been hit by a real sucker punch from Varane. They have 11 minutes plus stoppage time to respond.
Hwang chests down a cross from the right, but he's off-balance as he volleys towards goal and steers his effort well wide.
Varane's goal was just his second in the Premier League and his first in 26 appearances in the competition, since he netted against Brentford in May 2022.
SAVE! Matheus gets to the byline and sees his cutback deflect off Shaw before dropping to Silva. The substitute blasts at goal from a tight angle, but Onana stands firm to push it behind.
WOLVES GO CLOSE AGAIN! Gomes does brilliantly to reach Silva's flick-on before teeing up the striker 10 yards out. He sends another low drive towards goal, but Onana reacts to save with his feet. Wolves are continuing to cause problems.
The Old Trafford crowd is growing nervous. Despite going ahead, United have exerted no control over this game and are continuing to concede chances. Only Wolves' poor finishing has kept the score at 1-0.
United are attempting to hold onto what they have now. McTominay is on for Rashford, who has been quiet.
Wolves, meanwhile, bring on towering striker Kalajdzic for Gomes in an attacking switch.
Wolves win a free-kick 25 yards from goal, slightly to the right of the box, which Matheus lifts in. Kalajdzic meets it, but his header loops into Onana's hands. Wolves are running out of time to find a leveller.
It just won't happen for Wolves! Hwang races in behind to tee up Silva, who shoots on the turn but sees his effort blocked by Lindelof. United are clinging on.
We will have a minimum of SEVEN additional minutes here. Can United hold on?
Wolves have had 18 shots to United's 15 in this game, managing six attempts on target to the hosts' three. Still, the Red Devils lead.
CLOSE TO 1-1! Silva finds Hwang in an inside-left position, and the South Korea international beats Wan-Bissaka before firing at goal. The right-back recovers brilliantly, however, to make a goal-saving challenge inside his own area.
Wolves continue to pepper the United goal with shots as Silva and Lemina see efforts blocked at close range. United are living very dangerously now.
PENALTY APPEAL! Onana charges from his line as Kalajdzic attacks a right-wing cross, and the United goalkeeper completely misses the ball with his punch, taking out the Wolves player instead. That was totally reckless from the United new-boy, and the VAR will take a closer look!
CONTROVERSY! NO PENALTY IS THE DECISION! Wow. Onana is very lucky. The VAR check is complete, and Wolves are denied a spot-kick. O'Neil is absolutely seething, and he receives a yellow card for his protests.
Wolves continue to press as Neto hangs up a cross, but Onana holds it at the second attempt. Wolves have been desperately unlucky here, but United have surely done enough now.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 1-0 WOLVES.
The referee blows for full-time, and United cling on to start their season with a win. Varane's goal was the difference, the defender nodding in from close range after good work from Fernandes and Wan-Bissaka. Wolves will feel they did enough to win this game, with Cunha hitting the post, Neto and Silva squandering good chances, and a VAR review denying them a penalty at the death. Despite the result, O'Neil will be very encouraged by Wolves' display.
Wolves finish the game with 23 shots to United's 15 and 2.23 xG to the hosts' 1.46. They will be hopeful of picking up results if they continue to play in this manner, with Brighton and Hove Albion their next opponents at Molineux on Saturday. United, meanwhile, go to Tottenham for a huge test on the same day.
We hope you have enjoyed our coverage of this clash at Old Trafford. Thank you for joining us, and we'll see you next time.
Hello and welcome to the live commentary of the Premier League clash between Aston Villa and Everton at Villa Park.
Villa endured an opening day to forget on the road against Newcastle United, suffering a 5-1 defeat at the hands of the Magpies at St James' Park in the midst of losing Tyrone Mings to a serious knee injury. Unai Emery now has to galvanise his team to kickstart their season on home soil. Moussa Diaby made an impressive start to his Villa career with a fine strike on a tough afternoon for his team. Emery will be looking for consistency from Diaby and the rest of his players in the final third to get off the mark.
Everton also had a setback on the opening day of the season at Goodison Park as Fulham left Merseyside with all three points. Sean Dyche knows that his team are under pressure to deliver results to avoid being dragged into yet another relegation battle, having barely survived the past two seasons. The form of Dominic Calvert-Lewin will be crucial as the Toffees have not been able to bolster their ranks with too many new recruits during the summer.
ASTON VILLA (4-2-3-1): Emiliano Martinez; Matty Cash, Ezri Konsa, Pau Torres, Lucas Digne; Boubacar Kamara, Douglas Luiz; Leon Bailey, Moussa Diaby, John McGinn; Ollie Watkins.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Diego Carlos, Youri Tielemans, Bertrand Traore, Calum Chambers, Philippe Coutinho, Jhon Duran, Robin Olsen, Cameron Archer, Filip Marschall.
EVERTON (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, James Tarkowski, Ashley Young; James Garner, Idrissa Gueye, Amadou Onana, Alex Iwobi; Abdoulaye Doucoure; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
EVERTON SUBS: Arnaut Danjuma, Joao Virginia, Neal Maupay, Vitalii Mykolenko, Ben Godfrey, Jarrad Branthwaite, Thomas Cannon, Lewis Dobbin, Tyler Onyango.
Villa have made only one change to their starting line-up from their defeat to Newcastle. Mings has been ruled out for several months due to a knee injury and is replaced in the backline by Torres, who came on last week. Emery keeps faith with the rest of the defence that conceded five goals, while summer signing Tielemans remains on the bench.
Everton have also made one change to their side that lost to Fulham. Calvert-Lewin returns to fitness to lead the line as Maupay makes way for the Toffees. Dyche resists the temptation to add Danjuma into the final third. Keane and Tarkowski retain their places in the middle of defence ahead of Godfrey and Branthwaite.
Aston Villa are unbeaten in their eight Premier League meetings with Everton since their return to the division in 2019 (W6 D2), having lost five of their previous six against the Toffees before this.
We're under way at Villa Park.
Watkins breaks down the right flank and sends a low ball across the face of goal. Digne collects in the inside-left channel, but sees his effort blocked behind by Garner.
Douglas Luiz sends the corner short to McGinn on the edge of the box, but he sees his cross deflected behind for another set-piece.
The home side have made a bright start to the contest and are looking to build a rhythm to put the visitors on the back foot.
Everton are trying to push on to the Villa defenders and midfielders in possession to prevent them from breaking upfield. It's keeping the hosts penned in their own half for now.
OVER! Villa beat the press as McGinn drives forward into the final third. He finds Watkins, who turns and offloads to Diaby on the edge of the box. The forward shoots first-time on his left foot, only to blast his effort over the top.
Calvert-Lewin and Martinez collide as the forward competes in the air from a cross from Doucoure. Both players require treatment.
Both Calvert-Lewin and Martinez are back to their feet. The Everton forward came off worse in the incident, but is okay to continue.
Diaby finds space in the final third, but opts against the strike and offloads to Bailey. The winger goes for the instant return to his team-mate, who does not expect and it loses possession.
Young wins the ball in the middle of the park and runs at the Villa defence. Douglas Luiz pulls him back and goes into the book.
Garner sends the resulting free-kick into the box where Onana has a free header and sends into a dangerous area, but Doucoure is penalised for a foul on Watkins.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MCGINN BREAKS THE DEADLOCK!!!! 1-0 VILLA!!!!! McGinn is on the spot in the box to turn the ball home and put Villa ahead. Diaby raids with menace at the Everton defence before he feeds Bailey. The winger raids to the byline and produces a fine cutback for McGinn to dispatch past Pickford.
Bailey gathers Diaby's offload and sends a precise cross into the six-yard box for McGinn to convert.
Iwobi has space down the left flank and works a cross into the middle, but Doucoure cannot guide his effort on the stretch with his left foot towards goal.
McGinn has scored his 11th Premier League goal, but the first to not be scored with his left foot, and his first not to be scored from outside the penalty area since April 2021 against Manchester City, having scored five in a row from range between that strike and today.
McGinn makes a bustling run down the left flank and coasts past Doucoure, but Patterson pokes the ball behind for a corner.
PENALTY TO VILLA! Pickford brings down Watkins as he tries to prevent the forward scoring from close range. Patterson clears Watkins' effort off the line after he is wiped out by the England keeper, but the referee soon points to the spot.
Pickford takes his time preparing for the spot-kick and is booked for time-wasting.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!! DOUGLAS LUIZ CONVERTS!!!!! 2-0!!!! Villa double their lead as Douglas Luiz holds his nerve from 12 yards. The Brazilian sends his effort low into the bottom-right corner. Pickford guesses the right way, but the strike has enough power and precision to find the net.
Only Fulham (8) and Brighton (7) have conceded more penalty goals in the Premier League since the start of last season than Everton (6).
CHANCE! Bailey surges down the right flank and offloads to Douglas Luiz in the box. The midfielder opts against a strike first-time and tees up Diaby to shoot, but Pickford gets down to save his strike.
Digne goes down under pressure in the Everton box from a barge from Patterson, but the referee is not interested in his appeal for a penalty.
Calvert-Lewin surges down the right flank and has options in the box. However, he fails to beat the first defender with his delivery.
Since making his Premier League debut for Everton in 2017-18, no goalkeeper has given away more penalties in the competition than Pickford.
Digne pulls back Garner as the midfielder turns away from the full-back with ease. He goes into the book.
OFF THE POST! Pickford keeps Everton in the game with a brilliant stop to turn a stunning volley from Diaby onto the post and out. Digne delivers a precise cross to the back post for Diaby to shoot first-time. He connects perfectly with his effort, only to see his strike palmed onto the post by the England keeper. That could be an important moment in the game.
Calvert-Lewin goes down and his face appears to be swelling after his collision with Martinez earlier in the game. He'll have to be withdrawn here.
Calvert-Lewin makes way for Danjuma after suffering a blow to the face earlier in the game.
Watkins attacks a cross from Digne at the back post, but collides with the frame as he desperately tries to steer the ball towards goal. Torres was offside in the build-up anyway to add insult to injury.
The home side have control of the game as we approach half-time. Emery will want to see out the half with his side in command.
Danjuma twists and turns down the left flank and he floats a cross into the middle. Onana meets the ball the edge of the box, but can only head his attempt at Martinez.
There will be nine minutes of added time.
SAVE! Danjuma and Garner go for the give-and-go in the inside-right channel. He opens up room to fire at goal towards the near post, but Martinez makes a solid stop to send the ball behind for a corner.
Patterson is played into space down the right flank, but he overhits his delivery into the middle so much so that it travels out for a throw-in on the opposite flank.
Watkins rolls away from Keane, who pulls him to the deck. The Everton defender goes into the book.
Villa work the ball down the left flank where Digne angles a cross to the back post that just evades Bailey's head.
Gueye goes in late on McGinn and goes into the book.
HALF-TIME: ASTON VILLA 2-0 EVERTON
Aston Villa take a 2-0 lead into the break against Everton in their Premier League clash at Villa Park. The home side took the lead after 18 minutes through John McGinn, who was on the spot to convert Leon Bailey's cross. Douglas Luiz made it two from the penalty spot after Ollie Watkins was fouled in the box by Jordan Pickford. Moussa Diaby was then denied by Pickford to prevent Villa notching a third. Matters got worse for Everton when Dominic Calvert-Lewin was forced off with a head injury after colliding with Emiliano Martinez. Sean Dyche and his team face a huge challenge to get back into the contest.
Villa have played excellent football and could have been out of sight. Unai Emery will have been pleased with his side's performance, but will want a third goal early in the second period to kill off the game.
A change for the Toffees at the break as Dobbin replaces Gueye. An attacking move from Dyche.
We're back under way at Villa Park.
Dobbin surges past Cash down the left flank and cuts the ball back into the middle. It deflects towards Garner, who can only fire wide of the target.
Everton have lost 41 of their last 42 Premier League away games in which they trailed by 2+ goals at half-time, the only exception being a 3-3 draw at Man Utd in February 2021.
Iwobi tries to chase a long ball down the right flank and immediately clutches his hamstring. It does not look good for the Everton winger.
Villa surge forward with Iwobi off the field. Diaby works an offload to Kamara in the final third, but his effort is deflected over the top.
Maupay enters the action to replace the injured Iwobi.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! BAILEY MAKES IT THREE!!!! 3-0!!!!! Everton switch off at the back from a long throw into the box and Bailey slams a half-volley through Pickford's legs. Digne acts quickly on the left flank and throws the ball in long. Keane can only slice his hurried clearance straight to Bailey, who holds his composure to complete the finish.
Aston Villa are unbeaten in their last eight Premier League matches when leading at half-time (W7, D1) dating back to 18th February 2023 against Arsenal (L2-4). This record looks set to continue for Emery's men.
Tarkowski connects with a header from Garner's cross, but he can only loop his header harmlessly over the bar.
Villa can afford to relax now given their three-goal cushion. Emery could not have wished for a better start to the half.
WIDE! Diaby surges at the Everton defence and threads a pass through to Watkins. He clips his strike past the onrushing Pickford, but the ball trickles wide of the left post.
Danjuma probes down the left flank and forces a low ball into the box. Patterson collects and goes for a drive at goal that is deflected wide of the target.
SAVE! Maupay latches onto a deep cross from Young's corner and shoots first-time, but his effort is saved by Martinez low to his right.
Maupay has gone 26 games without finding the net. He almost ended his drought there, but Martinez was equal to it.
McGinn teases the ball through to Bailey in the inside-left channel, only to be denied by a solid challenge from Tarkowski. The winger remains on the ground after the fact.
Bailey makes way for Tielemans in the final third after a fine performance.
Douglas Luiz is withdrawn for Coutinho in the Villa midfield.
Diego Carlos comes on to shore up the Villa defence for Diaby.
Only twice previously have Everton lost each of their first two league games in a season without scoring a single goal, doing so in 1952-53 in the second tier and 1955-56 in the top-flight.
Digne works the ball to Watkins, who offloads with a neat touch for Coutinho. He shoots first-time on his right foot from 20 yards, but Pickford gets down to make a comfortable stop.
Coutinho offloads towards Watkins in the final third, but he takes a loose first touch and allows Patterson to nip in and win the ball.
Watkins keeps the ball in play down the left flank and has space to run at Keane. The Everton defender does well and fends off the forward with ease.
The intensity has dropped after the raft of Villa changes. After their 5-1 defeat to Newcastle last week, Emery will want his team to play the full 90 to a high standard.
Coutinho hits a reverse pass to Konsa on the charge down the right flank. He has space, but loses possession to the backtracking Tarkowski.
Watkins makes way after a solid outing without finding the net. Duran replaces the forward.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! DURAN MAKES AN INSTANT IMPACT!!!!! 4-0!!!!!!! Duran pounces on a mistake by Young from a throw-in and skips past Keane before slotting an effort past Pickford. Young tries an ambitious long throw to reach Keane in the middle of the Everton defence. He sells his team-mate short and Duran nips in and applies a cool finish to get off the mark in the campaign.
Villa have put the icing on the cake to their performance and have brought their goal difference back to zero after their defeat to Newcastle last week. What a difference a week can make.
Duran scored only 50 seconds after being substituted on, the quickest an Aston Villa substitute has scored in a Premier League match since John Carew against Everton in October 2009 (46 seconds).
Coutinho lines up an ambitious strike from distance that sails over the bar. He had space and time so who could blame him.
CLOSE! Danjuma twists and turns in the final third and shoots on his left foot. A deflection off Diego Carlos' boot takes it just wide of the right post with Martinez beaten.
Coutinho takes an awkward fall under pressure and appears to pull his hamstring. He remains down on the field and may need to make way.
Coutinho is helped to the sidelines and Archer replaces the Brazilian. It does not look good for the Villa midfielder.
Patterson trips Digne as he cuts inside on the left flank and goes into the book.
There have been more than a few injuries in the game, which is a major concern for both managers at this early stage in the season.
Archer pulls back Danjuma and goes into the book.
There will be nine minutes of added time.
Konsa misjudges a clearance and sends the ball behind for a corner. Fortunately for him, Villa are able to clear their lines from Danjuma's delivery.
Garner floats a free-kick into the box from the right flank, but Martinez comes through a crowd of players to make a comfortable claim.
Outside of a couple of moments from Danjuma, Villa have been comfortable at the back which will please Emery after their performance last week.
Onyango comes on for the dying stages to replace Doucoure for the visitors.
FULL-TIME: ASTON VILLA 4-0 EVERTON
Aston Villa get off the mark in their Premier League campaign with an emphatic 4-0 win over Everton at Villa Park. John McGinn opened the scoring before Douglas Luiz added a second from the penalty spot after Ollie Watkins was fouled by Jordan Pickford. Leon Bailey notched a third after the interval and substitute Jhon Duran put the icing on the cake with a cool finish. It was the perfect response for Villa following their opening-day defeat at Newcastle, while Everton lose for the second week on the bounce.
Villa are next in action in the Europa Conference League against Hibernian on the road. Everton face a crunch clash in their next Premier League game against Wolves at Goodison Park on Saturday.
Thanks for joining our commentary today. Until next time, goodbye.
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League fixture, as Crystal Palace host Arsenal in an early season London derby at Selhurst Park.
Odsonne Edouard’s early second-half strike gave Palace a 1-0 victory over promoted Sheffield United on the opening day, and they will be looking to build on that against an Arsenal side who won both of the teams' league matches last season by an aggregate score of 6-1.
Having already secured the Community Shield, Arsenal were also victorious on the opening day, surviving a late scare to seal a 2-1 win against Nottingham Forest. The Gunners need to continue that strong start if they’re to be within any chance of another title charge in 2023-24, and will be hopeful of victory at a ground in which they triumphed 2-0 at the start of last season.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-2-3-1): Sam Johnstone; Joel Ward, Joachim Andersen, Marc Guehi, Tyrick Mitchell; Jefferson Lerma, Cheick Doucoure; Jordan Ayew, Eberechi Eze, Jeffrey Schlupp; Odsonne Edouard.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: Remi Matthews, James Tomkins, Nathaniel Clyne, Chris Richards, Naouirou Ahamada, John-Kymani Gordon, Jairo Riedewald, Jesurun Rak-Sakyi.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): Aaron Ramsdale; Thomas Partey, Ben White, William Saliba, Takehiro Tomiyasu; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Kai Havertz; Bukayo Saka, Eddie Nketiah, Gabriel Martinelli.
ARSENAL SUBS: David Raya, Gabriel Magalhaes, Emile Smith Rowe, Jakub Kiwior, Leandro Trossard, Jorginho, Fabio Vieira, Reiss Nelson, Oleksandr Zinchenko.
Despite going off injured on the opening day, England defender Marc Guehi keeps his place in the starting XI to partner Joachim Andersen in the heart of Palace’s defence. Goalscorer Odsonne Edouard leads the line, while mercurial winger Michael Olise, the subject of transfer speculation before signing a new contract at the club, remains absent with a hamstring problem.
A re-shuffle at the back sees Takehiro Tomiyasu come in for Jurrien Timber in Arsenal’s only change, with the £40 million defender out for an extended period following a knee injury on his debut last time out. Regular deep-lying midfielder Thomas Partey starts at right-back, with Japanese international Tomiyasu occupying the left side.
The stage is set at Selhurst, and here come the players ahead of this north vs south London derby!
Nketiah kicks off for Arsenal, and we are underway in the final game of the new season's second matchweek!
BLOCKED!!! Havertz gets straight onto the front foot and finds Martinelli unmarked in the box. He delays his shot however, which ricochets off Guehi and drops to Saka, whose effort is also deflected away by desperate Palace defence!
Saka is playing in his 82nd Premier League game in a row for Arsenal, equalling Paul Merson's record in the competition for the Gunners between February 1995 and February 1997. Consistent.
Saka stands up two defenders on his way to the byline before scooping the ball back towards Nketiah, but it's Ayew getting back for Palace who nods the lofted ball behind for the game's first corner.
Palace have lost three and won just one of their last eight Premier League meetings with Arsenal, the latter a 3-0 home win in April 2022.
Nketiah and Andersen tussle to get on the end of Saliba's long ball forward, but the Arsenal striker is penalised and Palace win the free-kick on the edge of their own box
Schlupp and Doucoure drive their way through midfield and the ball is spread wide to Ayew. He darts beyond Tomiyasu before crossing, but Saliba is there to sweep the ball clear for the Gunners.
2020-21 is the only season in which Palace have won both of their opening league matches in the top flight, but victory here following their opening-day win over Sheffield United would see the Eagles double that tally, and see manager Roy Hodgson complete the feat in both of his spells in charge of the club.
Arsenal recycle possession after White's ball into the box doesn't drop for Nketiah or Saka, and Saka curls a shot from the edge of the box which is an easy one for Johnstone to hold.
Arsenal won both league meetings with Palace last season, having won just one of their previous eight against the Eagles beforehand, including two defeats.
A fortunate bounce allows Saka to burst away with the ball on the counter-attack. He links up with Nketiah on the run, but his attempted cross from the return ball is put behind by Guehi for a corner!
SAVED!!! Ayew beats Tomiyasu again before whipping a very threatening ball into the six-yard box. It's too enticing for Ramsdale not to come for, but he can't punch it far enough clear and White brings the ball out following a slip from Eze on the edge of the area!
CHANCE!! A brilliant throughball from Schlupp puts Edouard in behind the defence, but White steps in to make a crucial block on the slide that allows Ramsdale to dive on the loose ball!
A poor ball out of defence is immediately latched onto by Palace and Eze drives forward. He shoots from 25 yards, but it's at a good height for Ramsdale to save and hold!
Tomiyasu comes forward for the first time and beats Ayew around the outside. Ward slides across to prevent the cross, but comes off worse as he bundles the ball behind for another Arsenal corner!
Eze finds himself in shooting space and lets fly once again, but Rice makes the block for Arsenal. The ball drops to Doucoure, whose ambitious half-volley whistles through the crowd on its way wide!
Palace are yet to lose a league game at home since Roy Hodgson’s return to the club, winning three and drawing two under the 76-year-old. However, they’ve only won their opening home Premier League game of the season once in 14 previous attempts, beating Southampton 1-0 in 2020-21, and lost 2-0 to Arsenal last season in one of their 10 losses over this period.
Good inter-play between Havertz and Odegaard opens up space for Tomiyasu to cross, but his drilled ball to the feet of Saka is mis-controlled by the England forward and Palace look to counter.
Ward drives down the right before feeding Ayew outside him, but the Ghanaian's cross is too close to Ramsdale who claims with ease at his near post.
Nketiah skips past Doucoure and Ward into the box, but the Eagles captain slides in to win the ball back, taking both ball and man cleanly despite Nketiah's appeals for a penalty.
Rice slides in with perfect timing to dispossess Ayew, who chases the loose ball with some verve. Tomiyasu the recipient is immediately crunched by the Palace winger, who is shown the game's first yellow card as a result.
The eventual free-kick is whipped into the box by Odegaard and met by Partey in the centre, but he can't direct his effort on target as it loops well beyond the near post.
OFF THE UPRIGHT!! Saka dispossesses Schlupp and stabs the ball into Nketiah's path. He squeezes between the defence to shoot for goal while off-balance, but his effort bounces off the base of the far post and comes back out!
Arsenal won 10 and drew two of their 12 London derbies in the Premier League last season – a record number of derby league wins by a capital-based team in English football history. The Gunners last had a longer run unbeaten run in such games between November 2001 and April 2005 (35 in a row - good luck matching that anytime soon!).
Rice nods a high ball down to Partey, but he's caught late on the floor by Schlupp, with the Palace winger lucky to avoid a card there.
CHANCE!!! White's poor touch allows Ayew to burst in behind the Arsenal defence, but Saliba arrives to bail out his centre-back partner by sliding in to win possession with a crunching but legal tackle!
OVER!!! That's certainly some miss from that range! Rice pops up on the edge of the box to send Nketiah running through one-on-one with Johnstone, but the striker gets his finish all wrong as he chips both the goalkeeper and the crossbar!
Nketiah and Saka both scored in Arsenal's 2-1 win over Nottingham Forest on matchday one. The last time an English player scored in both of the Gunners' first two Premier League games was 1997-98 (Ian Wright against Leeds and Coventry respectively).
A clash of heads between Odegaard and Edouard ends up with both players on the turf, allowing for a quick break for the other 20 players as the pair are seen to and cleared to carry on.
Saka is found on the right edge of the box and steps inside Mitchell looking to shoot, but his eventual effort is a poor one and sails past the far post.
SAVED!!! Arsenal keep the ball well on the edge of the box through Saka and Nketiah. Odegaard arrives and curls a left-footed shot towards the top corner, which is tipped over the bar by Johnstone at full stretch!
Arsenal's corner is cleared but the Gunners come straight back into Palace territory through Partey. His high, hanging cross is met by Martinelli in space, but his ambitious volley skews well wide of the target!
We'll play two added minutes to close out what has been a fast-paced, end-to-end first half at Selhurst.
Nketiah looks to spin away from Guehi as he collects Saka's inside ball, but the Palace defender recovers to block his low cross away from danger.
Palace spring forward once again as Edouard feeds Eze. His attempted shot from range ricochets back to him, but he can't make anything of the second chance and goes down in the area to no avail.
HALF-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 0-0 ARSENAL.
We've got a game on our hands here - those first 45 minutes have absolutely flown by. Palace started the brighter, with the dynamic running of Ayew, Eze and Edouard leaving Arsenal's defence scrambling at times, but were unable to force Ramsdale into a save of any note. Arsenal grew into the contest though and will be disappointed not to be ahead, particularly following Nketiah hitting the post and Odegaard drawing an acrobatic save from Johnstone. It's a contrast of styles as Arsenal look to build attacks and Palace counter at speed, setting up a second half that should be a fantastic watch.
Eddie Nketiah has been at the fulcrum of Arsenal's attacking play so far, missing both of his close-range chances totalling a personal xG of 0.62. He's had seven touches in the Palace box and created two chances, completing two successful dribbles as Arsenal edged ever closer to a breakthrough prior to the half-time whistle.
The teams return for the second half, and the way these two sides have played so far, you get the sense that the first goal could be a crucial one here!
Eze resumes proceedings in the second half, as Palace kick off with Selhurst Park set to roar them home!
WIDE!!! A clever, clever back-heeled flick from Schlupp puts Mitchell into open pasture down the left, with his fizzing cross from the byline flashing across the face of goal and wide, with Ramsdale well beaten!
Arsenal had nine first-half shots, their most in the first 45 minutes of a Premier League away game without scoring since Boxing Day 2019 - which just happened to be Mikel Arteta's first game in charge against Bournemouth.
Andersen concedes an early corner which Palace deal with well. Saka recovers the ball for Arsenal though and links up with White and Rice on the right edge of the box. He flashes in a cross from the byline, but Johnstone is there to pluck the ball out of the sky.
Partey's threatening ball from the right sails all the way through to Martinelli, who stands up Andersen and sees his cross back into the centre put behind for another corner!
PENALTY TO ARSENAL!!! After Ayew fouls Saka 35 yards from goal, Martinelli takes the free-kick quickly and catches Palace off-guard. Nketiah races onto the loose ball with no-one near him but Johnstone, and the scrambling goalkeeper takes the striker to ground to gift Arsenal a golden chance from 12 yards!
Only Jarrod Bowen and Ivan Toney (both three) have won more penalties since the start of last season than Nketiah's two for the Gunners.
GOOOOAAALLL!!! How cool was that! A quick VAR check confirms the penalty, and Odegaard wastes no time in stepping up to roll the ball into the bottom-left corner, sending Johnstone the wrong way, and putting the Gunners into a deserved 1-0 lead! His side fell short towards the end of last season, but Arsenal's young leader is determined to take them to the top once again!
WIDE!!! Palace kick back off and are immediately on the offensive as Lerma finds Ayew in space to his right. He's got plenty of options in the centre, but chooses to shoot, lashing a venomous shot into the side netting!
Arsenal have avoided defeat in their last 36 matches when scoring first in the Premier League, dating back to a 2-1 loss against Manchester City on January 1, 2022.
Eze is caught by Saliba on the edge of Arsenal's box, but can't convert the free-kick which he sends swirling over the bar from 20 yards.
Tomiyasu takes a fairly long time to take a routine throw-in, and is met with a yellow card by the referee. It's rather harsh given how well Palace were cutting off his potential targets, but the new time-wasting crackdown was introduced to cut out such delays!
SAVED!!! Saka can't identify a good crossing option in the box, so pulls the ball back to Partey. He curls a powerful effort goalwards from the edge of the box, which Johnstone taps over at the last second!
Martinelli's far-post cross from the left is cut out by Edouard's header and drops kindly for Odegaard, but his audacious attempt at a half-volley skews wildly away from goal as the crowd jeer. The less said about that effort the better!
In scoring his first penalty since 2019 for Vitesse in the Eredivisie, Odegaard became Arsenal's 27th different goalscorer from the penalty spot in the Premier League - no team have had more in the competition (level with Chelsea and Newcastle).
WIDE!!! Martinelli surges in behind Ward from a throughball and cuts it back for Nketiah. It's half-cleared by Palace, but Havertz latches onto the loose ball then thumps a half-volley beyond both Johnstone and the far post!
HE'S OFF!!! It's a second yellow for Tomiyasu, and Arsenal are down to 10 men! Ayew turns and races away from the Arsenal left-back, who slightly pulls him back and to the floor. There's very little contact in it, but enough for the referee to show Tomiyasu a second yellow, and Arsenal's job holding onto this lead just got one hell of a lot harder!
Tomiyasu becomes the 59th different Arsenal player to be sent off in the Premier League, only Everton (65) have had more individuals see red in the competition's history.
With Arsenal in the lead and a man light, Martinelli's attacking outlet is sacrificed to bolster the backline in the form of Gabriel Magalhaes.
NO PENALTY!! Eze twists and turns in and away from Arsenal's defenders in the box, before going down between a challenge involving Rice and Partey. It's not given initially, but there does look to be contact, however VAR agrees with the referee's decision and it's play on!
Palace's first change sees Schlupp come off having put some shift in so far, and January signing Naouirou Ahamada will take his place for the remainder of this game.
Nketiah races away on the counter before being taken to ground late by Lerma, and the 10 men of Arsenal are in no hurry whatsoever to take the resultant free-kick as they prepare to weather a late storm from the home side.
Palace had 24 shots against Sheffield United on matchday one, the most recorded in an away Premier League game for the Eagles. Since Roy Hodgson returned in April, they are averaging 15.7 shots per game in the league, over five more shots per game than they were having under his predecessor Patrick Vieira (10.5).
Nketiah's darting run across the box won the penalty which separates these two sides, and with defence the priority now for Arsenal, the striker is withdrawn for Jorginho to occupy a deeper position in midfield.
Palace failed to score for the 28th Premier League first half since the start of last season, second only to Everton's 29, but with less than 10 minutes to go, they now look the side most likely to net as we approach the climax of this pulsating second half at Selhurst Park.
Youngster Jesurun Rak-Sakyi, who excelled on loan at Charlton last season, is on for Palace as they look to stretch Arsenal in the game's final moments, replacing club captain Ward.
Mitchell threatens to beat Partey around the outside as the Palace left-back looks to cross, but the Arsenal man knocks the ball behind for a late corner as Palace push further and further forward.
WIDE!!! Moments after being dispossessed in the box by White, Edouard finds space in the centre of the box. Mitchell whips a fizzing cross towards him, but his glancing header flashes wide of the far post!
CHANCE!! Ayew collects Mitchell's inside ball on the turn and looks for Edouard at the near post, but Gabriel is there to hook the ball clear as Arsenal hang on here!
Saka's been bright without the final-third quality in this game, with Jakub Kiwior on to further bolster the Arsenal rearguard.
Odegaard's goal remains the difference in this increasingly tight game, and if his replacement Oleksandr Zinchenko can help to keep Palace at bay, that 53rd minute penalty will earn Arsenal all three points here.
SEVEN added minutes at Selhurst, with this game on an absolute knife-edge - strap in!
Havertz intercepts Ahamada's inside ball to Doucoure, but is clattered by the latter as Doucoure slides in. The Malian goes into the book late on, while Havertz, Arsenal's only real attacking player left on the pitch, stands over the free-kick.
Palace maintained 71.6 per cent possession leading up to minute 90, showing just how dominant they've been since Arsenal were reduced to 10 men.
Havertz and Andersen chase a long kick forward from Ramsdale, but play stops when Havertz shoves the Palace defender over and kicks the ball away. Naturally, he's shown a yellow card, but with the ball as far from their goal as it's been for quite some time, Arsenal won't care one bit.
OVER!!! Guehi's lofted cross causes pinball in Arsenal's box. Neither Rak-Sakyi, Doucoure, Lerma nor Ramsdale can get there as the ball skews out to Mitchell, but he can't keep his half-volley down with the Arsenal goalkeeper stranded!
Rak-Sakyi stands up both Rice and Zinchenko before crossing into the crowded box, but Ramsdale climbs above the rest to claim the ball and that might just be enough for Arsenal to seal it!
FULL-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 0-1 ARSENAL.
It's all over, and Arsenal hang on by the very skin of their teeth to take all three points from Selhurst Park! Odegaard's early second half penalty was just reward for the Gunners' positive attacking play, and they could've extended the lead through chances for Partey and Havertz. However, that all changed once Tomiyasu was rather harshly sent off for two yellow cards in just seven minutes, leaving Arsenal a man down. With their tails up, the Eagles laid siege to Ramsdale's net, being denied what looked to be a clear penalty as well as seeing chances for Edouard and Mitchell fly wide. Arsenal, who by full-time had no less than seven defenders on the pitch, held on desperately though, and secure maximum points for the second game running at the start of this Premier League season.
Rising to the challenge to no avail for Palace, Eberechi Eze continued to show why he's considered one of the league's best attacking midfielders. Managing four shots, albeit with just one on target, the England international passed 16 times in the final third, completing four crosses and one key pass. He also won eight of his 13 duels, including two dribbles and three aerial contests, as well as looking to have won a penalty which would've given the Eagles a chance to level things up.
A 1-0 win and loss, respectively, in their first two games of the season leave Palace in 11th at the end of matchday two, with another London derby up next as the Eagles head to Brentford. For Arsenal, their second victory leaves themselves, Manchester City and Brighton joint-top of the table, the only three sides with 100 per cent records after two games. The Gunners too have a London derby in their next game, at home to Fulham, with Arteta's side hoping the steely resolve shown in this game can help them to make it three wins from three.
That's all from us, we hope you enjoyed the game! Matchday three isn't far away, and we'll see you right here for the next round of fixtures - goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live text commentary of this Premier League match between Fulham and Brentford at Craven Cottage.
Fulham got their Premier League season off to a good start with their 1-0 win away to Everton on the opening matchday. However, the Cottagers have never won both of their opening two games in any of their 28 previous seasons as a top-flight side. A West London derby against neighbours Brentford will be a tough game in which to buck that trend.
As ever, Brentford look a tough team to beat: their 2-2 draw with Tottenham last time out was their 15th Premier League draw since the start of last season, more than any other side. The Bees look more than capable of coping without their suspended star man Ivan Toney. Let's see how they fare here!
FULHAM (4-3-3): Bernd Leno; Kenny Tete, Issa Diop, Tim Ream, Antonee Robinson; Harrison Reed, Sasa Lukic, Andreas Pereira; Harry Wilson, Raul Jimenez, Bobby De Cordova-Reid.
SUBS: Joao Palhinha, Marek Rodak, Adama Traore, Willian, Calvin Bassey, Tom Cairney, Rodrigo Muniz, Carlos Vinicius, Kevin Mbabu.
BRENTFORD (4-3-3): Mark Flekken; Aaron Hickey, Nathan Collins, Ethan Pinnock, Rico Henry; Mathias Jensen, Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt; Bryan Mbeumo, Kevin Schade, Yoane Wissa.
SUBS: Mads Roerslev, Frank Onyeka, Yehor Yarmoliuk, Zanka, Keane Lewis-Potter, Mikkel Damsgaard, Kristoffer Ajer, Josh Dasilva, Thomas Strakosha.
Marco Silva makes two changes to Fulham from their win over Everton. Pereira comes into midfield. De Cordova-Reid replaces Willian in their front three.
Brentford make just one change from their draw with Spurs as they switch to a back four. Schade replaces Ajer in the starting lineup.
This will be a tricky game for Fulham. The hosts have won just one of their last seven games against Brentford, although it was a 3-2 victory in this exact figure last season. The Bees are unbeaten in their last 10 Premier League London derbies and have lost just two of their last 16 away league games at Craven Cottage.
Fulham get this game underway! It's a bright, sunny day at Craven Cottage.
Brentford start the game positively, turning a long throw-in down their left into a free-kick as Wilson catches Jensen. Frank's men are renowned for their set-piece prowess.
The ball's whipped towards the penalty spot. It's flicked on to Wissa who blasts way off target from the right of the box. Fulham goal-kick.
Flekken takes too much time on the ball and Jimenez nips in to intercept. Henry is forced to come across to hand Fulham a corner.
Pereira's excellent corner lands in the centre of the box. Diop can't keep his effort down.
Lukic gets a free-kick in his own half as he's stopped by Norgaard. Fulham are enjoying much of the early possession.
Pereira goes for goal from a considerable distance as Brentford sit deep. It's an ambitious effort that flies high over the crossbar.
Fulham pass the ball from side to side, trying to find a chink in Brentford's armour. It's proving difficult so far.
Schade knocks the ball inside but can't get to it ahead of Tete without fouling the Dutchman.
Robinson switches off briefly, allowing Mbeumo to sneak in behind him and latch onto Jensen's throughball. Leno comfortably saves Mbeumo's shot to spare his team-mate's blushes.
Brentford are conserving energy at the moment, sitting back and soaking up pressure from Fulham. It's working so far.
Jensen takes a free-kick quickly from deep, almost catching Leno off-guard. Fulham's goalkeeper scrambles back and is relieved to watch the shot bounce comfortably wide.
Jimenez is caught offside from Diop's direct ball from the back. Silva shouts some words of encouragement to his players.
Henry arrives late on Wilson, handing Fulham a free-kick down their right. Pereira fires it in, Schade fluffs a header, and Pinnock blocks Diop's hopeful shot.
Flekken rushes off his line to push Pereira's dangerous cross out for a corner. The Brentford keeper stays alert to clear the ball in as it comes too close to his near post.
Brentford go up the other end of the pitch and get a free-kick down their right. Jensen swings a cross into the box. Norgaard's header is close to testing Leno but misses to the right. Wissa gets a routine save out of the keeper.
Brentford are starting to venture forward more now. The visitors have been the more convincing side so far.
Henry strays just offside as he races towards Schade's throughball. Brentford regain possession quickly, and Wissa shoots low from outside the box. It's straight at Leno, but a warning sign for Fulham.
Jensen's cross from the left is easily caught by Leno. Brentford can be content with how they've played in this opening half hour.
Jimenez earns Fulham a corner down their left. Pereira puts spin on the delivery and Pinnock's nudged in the back by Tete, heading against his own crossbar at the near post! The referee blows for a Brentford free-kick.
Fulham are still trying to press the issue, but they're having limited success. They need more variety in their play.
De Cordova-Reid shoots from outside the box. It's blocked. Robinson's powerful cross from the left gets headed away. There's no room for Fulham through the middle at all.
Tete goes on a mazy run towards the penalty area, eventually being stopped by the Brentford defence. The Dutchman shouts in frustration as Jensen buys a free-kick.
Big chance for Brentford! Mbeumo slips into the left of the box after a corner and crosses towards the centre. Wissa connects with the ball but can only scuff his effort wide. Robinson hastily puts it out for a corner.
Pereira gets another chance to trouble Brentford from a set piece. This time his delivery is low and flat. Collins clears.
Hickey's shown the game's first yellow card for a scything tackle on Lukic.
Mbeumo receives the ball on the right wing. He checks onto his left foot and dinks it into the centre. Leno catches it.
Jensen twirls through midfield to lay off to Mbeumo outside the box. Fulham close down the Cameroon international's resulting shot.
GOAL! FULHAM 0-1 BRENTFORD! Wissa capitalises on a foolish mistake from Fulham! Diop mishits a backpass to Leno, allowing the DR Congo forward to nip in, round the keeper and slot into the empty net.
There will be just two added minutes before we take a break for half-time.
Fulham need to regroup at half-time. They haven't won in their last 12 Premier League matches when conceding the opening goal, dating back to October 2022 against Leeds United.
Ream picks up a booking just before the break for a late challenge on Wissa. That'll be all for now.
HALF-TIME: FULHAM 0-1 BRENTFORD
Wissa's goal on the stroke of half-time is the difference in this West London derby so far. Brentford have executed their game plan perfectly, holding Fulham at arm's length and waiting for them to make a mistake. Diop made it. Now the hosts have work to do. More to come!
A few great set pieces from Pereira aside, Flekken's had an easy time in Brentford's goal so far. Fulham haven't had a shot on target yet. They'll need to trouble the Dutchman more in the second half if they want to get anything out of this game.
Brentford get the second half started. Neither side has made any changes.
Jensen hurls a long throw-in into Fulham's box from the left. Collins gets his head to it but can't divert it on target.
Brentford's goalscorer Wissa gets clattered by three Fulham players on the edge of his own box. The Bees get a free-kick.
Schade, who's switched to the left for Brentford since the start of the game, tussles with Tete but the Dutchman stands his ground.
Pinnock makes a strong block to deny Jimenez's shot from outside the box and concede a corner. It doesn't beat the first man in Norgaard.
De Cordova-Reid hits the woodwork! Some good movement down Fulham's right allows the forward to reach Reed's lay-off in the box and curl a first-time shot against the crossbar. That's the closest that Fulham have come to scoring.
Now Brentford almost double their lead! Leno makes an excellent stop to deny Jensen. Frank's men get a corner which Fulham defend admirably.
Fulham survive another Brentford throw-in from the right and spring forward on the counter. Collins reads Jimenez's cute ball inside and intercepts it with ease.
Wilson sends Pereira scampering down the right. The Brazilian twists this way and that, eventually hanging the ball up for an easy catch by Flekken.
Wilson has plenty of time and space to pick a shot from outside the box. The one he picks bounces straight into the arms of Flekken.
There's a hint of a penalty for Fulham as Pereira tussles with Norgaard and goes down just inside the box. The referee Darren Bond isn't persuaded.
Henry's shown the yellow card for time wasting. That's part of the new directive referees have been given.
PENALTY FOR BRENTFORD! Brentford earn a corner down their right when Wissa's shot from close range gets blocked. The visitors keep the pressure on and Ream bundles over the forward when the ball comes back in the box. The referee points straight to the spot!
Reed's booked for protesting the penalty decision. It's arguably soft, but it is correct.
RED CARD FOR FULHAM! Things go from bad to worse for Fulham. Ream's foul was his second bookable offence of the game, so he has to go! This game is slipping away from the hosts.
GOAL! FULHAM 0-2 BRENTFORD! Mbeumo takes a short run-up and cheekily dispatches the penalty into the bottom left corner, leaving Leno rooted to the spot. The three points look to be going the Bees' way.
Reed's the next Fulham player to be sacrificed. On comes their Nigerian centre-back Bassey.
De Cordova-Reid's the last man to go. Palhinha enters the fray for Fulham.
Fulham react to their parlous situation by making a triple substitution. Pereira's first to go off. Willian replaces him.
Fulham get a corner out of Henry. Brentford, who've looked solid all game, block Jimenez's shot from the left of the box.
Brentford make their first substitution of the game. Lewis-Potter replaces the slippery Schade.
Wissa's caught offside from Jensen's throughball. The momentum Fulham had been building since half-time has understandably vanished since Brentford's second goal.
It's a Brentford corner. The Bees swarm the box and Pinnock nods Jensen's delivery wide. Wissa fouls Leno to hand Fulham a brief reprieve.
Brentford are seeing more of the ball now Fulham are down to 10 men. This is becoming a stroll in the park for them.
Now it's Brentford's turn to make a triple substitution. Roerslev replaces Hickey first.
Norgaard's next to make way. On comes his compatriot Damsgaard for Brentford.
Wissa, who opened the scoring for Brentford, gets an early rest. Dasilva comes on in his place.
Wilson comes inside off the flank and gets nudged over by Jensen just outside the box. Fulham prepare to take the free-kick...
Willian's free-kick is a touch too high to trouble Flekken, dipping over the crossbar. That's when Fulham needed Pereira on the pitch.
There's no suggestion that Fulham are going to score here. The hosts huff and puff, firing a few manageable crosses into Brentford's box. Flekken eventually pumps clear.
Palhinha kicks the ball away after snapping into a tackle. He becomes the latest Fulham player to get booked.
Fulham make more changes. They feel in vain now. Muniz replaces Tete.
Jimenez, who's been quiet, goes off. On comes his former Wolves team-mate Traore for Fulham.
This looks bad for Dasilva. The Brentford substitute slips and appears to injure his hamstring. It doesn't seem that bad an injury, but he won't be able to carry on sadly.
Dasilva trudges off the pitch escorted by a physio. Ajer takes his place for the last few minutes.
There will be nine minutes of added time. Brentford are heading for an easy victory.
GOAL! FULHAM 0-3 BRENTFORD! Mbeumo grabs his second goal of the game, converting Ajer's cross from the byline with a simple tap-in. It's been a great showing by Brentford.
Usually a centre-back, Ajer strode forward from right-back, drew Leno off his line and put the ball on a plate for Mbeumo. There was nothing Fulham could do.
Lewis-Potter is unceremoniously clipped by Diop, who's lucky to avoid a booking. The Fulham centre-back's had a miserable game.
From the free-kick, Ajer's shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Lewis-Potter has a go himself, and manages to a simple save out of Leno.
Wilson reaches Lukic's througball to shoot at Flekken from a difficult angle on the right. The Brentford keeper has it covered.
There's a brief stop in play when Wilson picks up a knock to the head. Thankfully it's minor and he's soon back on his feet.
Henry, now playing on the right, strays offside. Brentford are steely, versatile, and they've got the win here!
FULL-TIME: FULHAM 0-3 BRENTFORD
Brentford stroll home from this West London Derby with all three points! The Bees had Fulham's number all game, taking the lead just before half-time through Wissa. The hosts' brief revival came to an end when they went down to 10 men and Mbeumo made it 2-0. The Cameroon forward struck again late on to seal the win for Frank's men.
Brentford climb to second in the nascent Premier League table. They're unbeaten in their last five Premier League games and look capable of causing any team in this league problems, with or without Toney. Fulham sit 10th. They were outplayed here, but they'll face less street-smart opponents this season.
Brentford have given Fulham an early sting then. We'll see what bearing it has on both teams' seasons. That's all for now. Goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Liverpool and Bournemouth at Anfield!
Having drawn 1-1 with Chelsea in their first match of the new Premier League season, Liverpool enter this contest unbeaten in their last 12 top-flight fixtures - and they have not lost at Anfield for the same number of games. This time last year, Jurgen Klopp's side tore through Bournemouth's defence in a 9-0 mauling, which equalled the Premier League's largest margin of victory. Indeed, the Reds have won five of their six home league games against the Cherries.
Bournemouth held West Ham United to a 1-1 draw on the opening day, halting a four-game Premier League losing streak that ended their 2022-23 campaign. As the Cherries successfully secured top-flight survival last term, they won three of their final five away fixtures, but they have never won at Anfield in any competition - a 2-2 draw in April 2017 was the only occasion they've avoided defeat. Nevertheless, they avenged last August's 9-0 losss by beating Liverpool at the Vitality Stadium in the teams' most recent meeting.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Alisson; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil van Dijk, Andrew Robertson; Dominik Szoboszlai, Alexis Mac Allister, Cody Gakpo; Mohamed Salah, Diogo Jota, Luis Diaz.
SUBS: Caoimhin Kelleher, Wataru Endo, Joe Gomez, Kostas Tsimikas, Joel Matip, Harvey Elliott, Darwin Nunez, Ben Doak, Stefan Bajcetic.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Max Aarons, Illia Zabarnyi, Marcos Senesi, Milos Kerkez; Joe Rothwell, Philip Billing; Antoine Semenyo, Ryan Christie, Jaidon Anthony; Dominic Solanke.
SUBS: Ionut Radu, David Brooks, Chris Mepham, Hamed Traore, Gavin Kilkenny, Kieffer Moore, Justin Kluivert, James Hill, Lloyd Kelly.
Selecting an unchanged starting XI, Klopp names new signing Endo on the bench after the Japan captain's arrival on Friday. Liverpool are still without Thiago Alcantara due to a hip injury, and Curtis Jones misses out with an ankle problem, but Bajcetic has now returned to the fold. Vice-captain Alexander-Arnold makes his 200th Premier League appearance.
Andoni Iraola opts for one change from the Bournemouth side that started last week's draw with West Ham, as Brooks is replaced by Semenyo. The latter supports former Liverpool striker Solanke up front. New signing Tyler Adams is out injured, joining a lengthy list of absentees also featuring Alex Scott, Dango Ouattara and Ryan Fredericks.
The players are out on the pitch at Anfield, and kick-off is now just moments away!
Liverpool kick off, and we are under way on Merseyside!
Though the ball finds the back of the Liverpool net via Anthony's boot, following a mix-up involving Alisson and Konate, Bournemouth's early 'goal' is almost immediately ruled out for offside by the VAR. The home side escape!
BOURNEMOUTH LEAD AT ANFIELD! Semenyo strikes unerringly into the bottom-right corner to put the Cherries in front! An error by Alexander-Arnold is not swept up by the Liverpool defence, and the Solanke prods the ball through a gap before Semenyo thumps it past Alisson: it's 1-0 to the visitors!
Seizing on a mistake by Liverpool's back four, Solanke steals the ball and turns it into the path of opening goalscorer Semenyo.
OFF THE BAR! Liverpool almost strike straight back! Meeting an outswinging corner by Robertson near the penalty spot, Van Dijk cleverly contrives a header that loops towards the goalframe and then bounces back and out of immediate danger! What a start at Anfield!
Having stumbled out of his area and been punished for some leaden-footed control, Alisson clips Anthony just outside the box and is booked by the referee. Liverpool are just not at the races so far!
Twice, following his error just minutes ago, Alisson claims balls into the box with some authority, as Liverpool aim to settle down and recover from their jittery start to the match. Bournemouth have begun brightly here.
SAVE! Alexander-Arnold seeks redemption for his part in Bournemouth's goal, but is just denied by Neto, who tips his rasping drive from the right byline wide for a corner. Salah had played his colleague in with a neat exchange on the edge of the box, but Liverpool still trail.
There is more uncertainty in the Liverpool area now, as Van Dijk and Alisson can't agree on who should claim possession deep inside their own box. The latter ultimately grasps the ball.
For ending a surging run forward by Gakpo, goalscorer Semenyo becomes the first Bournemouth player booked.
After a crossfield ball from Alexander-Arnold picks out Diaz on the edge of the area, the Colombian winger twice sees shots blocked before Szoboszlai slices an attempt wide of the right-hand post.
Liverpool are finding some rhythm now, as Salah lays the ball off for Gakpo around 20 yards out from goal, before the Netherlands international hammers a wayward shot over the crossbar.
Leaning back a little, Solanke fires well over from just outside the Liverpool area at the end of a quick Bournemouth counter-attack. The visitors have continued to pose a threat since going in front.
Though he is ultimately flagged for offisde, Solanke causes more problems at the heart of Liverpool's defence with a forceful run and a neat combination with Billing. He's clearly got a point to prove on his latest return to Anfield.
Neto gratefully clings on to the ball inside his six-yard box after a switch of passes between Mac Allister and Salah opens up space on the right-hand side of Bournemouth's box.
Following a forward run, Senesi releases Solanke through the centre and into Liverpool's area. Though the striker then goes down under pressure, claims for a penalty are muted and play continues.
Having brought down Alexander-Arnold as Liverpool try to strike on the counter, Anthony is shown a yellow card.
LIVERPOOL PULL LEVEL! Played in by Jota's deflected pass from the right, Diaz flicks the ball up for himself and crashes past a helpless Neto to level the game up at 1-1! With great speed of thought, the winger skilfully steers the ball home from close range and brings the Anfield crowd to its feet.
With his second goal of the 2023-24 season, Diaz has now scored three times in two Premier League appearances against Bournemouth - and there's still an hour left on the clock here.
Receiving the ball from Jota just outside the box, Salah slices his shot on the turn and sees it spiral well over the crossbar.
PENALTY FOR LIVERPOOL! As Szoboszlai sneaks into the box from the right, Rothwell clumsily sticks out a leg and there's enough contact between the players to cause the Liverpool man to tumble. The referee does not hesitate - it's a penalty!
For his protests about Liverpool's penalty award, Neto is the latest player booked.
Striking towards the bottom-right corner from the penalty spot, Salah sees his shot saved by Neto, before reacting first to steer in the rebound.
Though Neto makes a superb save to keep Salah's penalty out, he then has to pick the ball out of the net when the Liverpool forward rams home the follow-up finish.
LIVERPOOL TURN IT ROUND! At the second attempt, Salah hauls his side in front! Though his penalty-kick is initially saved by Neto in the bottom-right corner, he pounces on the loose ball from the rebound to make it 2-1 to Liverpool!
Though he didn't score in either meeting with the Cherries last season, Salah has now netted nine goals in nine Premier League appearances against Bournemouth.
Liverpool are pushing forward in search of a third goal, as the Anfield crowd starts to relax and transmit its belief that their team are firmly in charge now, following a particularly shaky start.
Patiently keeping possession inside Liverpool's half, Bournemouth relieve the pressure on their area for a while, as they seek to steady the ship. Iraola likes his team to prioritise retaining the ball, and they are trying their best to do so.
SAVE! Diaz threads a low pass across the box for Alexander-Arnold, who suddenly appears on the right. The latter strikes at goal with his left foot, forcing Neto into a stop which sees the ball turned wide for a corner.
In the second of at least four added minutes, Neto neatly sidesteps intense pressure from Gakpo inside his area and then manages to pick out a Bournemouth team-mate.
MISS! Konate's wait for a first Liverpool goal goes on, as he rises highest at the back post following a cross from the right but plants his header over the crossbar!
Semenyo tries his luck from a few yards outside the box, but his low shot sails straight at Alisson in the centre of Liverpool's goal.
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH
Despite taking an early lead to capitalise on their hosts' defensive errors, Bournemouth trail at the break as Liverpool fight back from behind at Anfield. The Reds struggled for rhythm and were caught out on several occasions in the opening stages, but striking twice - through a smart Diaz finish and Salah's follow-up from a missed penalty - then put them in front. It's been an open encounter so far, but the home side have certainly had far more possession and goal attempts.
Remarkably, Liverpool are unbeaten in their last 124 Premier League matches when leading at half-time, winning 114 occasions. That run dates back to December 2016, when they were beaten by none other than Bournemouth. Furthermore, the Reds haven’t lost their first Premier League home game in any of the last 19 seasons.
Bournemouth kick off, and we are back under way at Anfield!
After Alexander-Arnold sees a shot from the edge of the area charged down following a well-worked routine from a corner-kick, Liverpool maintain their pressure on the Bournemouth box.
CLOSE! Having shrugged off both Konate and Mac Allister in midfield and then continued his run to the brink of the box, Semenyo unleashes a powerful swerving shot that zips just over the crossbar!
Unable to get over the ball, Jota nods well wide of the target following Robertson's inswinging corner from the right. Then, just seconds later, he steers a wayward half-volley over the top following a shoddy clearance by Neto.
SAVE! A tame shot by Salah allows Neto to drop down and gather the ball at his near post, just when it seemed that Bournemouth would go two goals behind! Gakpo slipped his team-mate through with a low pass, but the Egyptian winger was indecisive with his finish.
Gakpo has a couple of shots blocked, as Liverpool continue to probe for a potentially decisive third goal. There's been some brave last-ditch defending by Bournemouth in this second half.
Bournemouth simply can't retain possession long enough to break Liverpool's utter dominance of this second half. Momentum is with the home side now, as Jota has a low shot on the turn blocked at close range.
OFF! After arriving late into a studs-up challenge on Christie just outside Bournemouth's box, Mac Allister is shown a straight red card! He caught his opponent's boot, but it wasn't malicious - nonetheless, he has to walk, and Liverpool are now down to 10 men!
To their credit, Liverpool are still pushing forward in search of a third goal, despite being reduced to 10 players by Mac Allister's shock dismissal.
LIVERPOOL STRIKE! Making light of being one man down, the home side actually extend their lead! Within minutes of Mac Allister's sending-off, Szoboszlai drives in a low shot from outside the area, which Neto can only parry straight into the path of Jota, who then prods it over the line: 3-1 to Liverpool!
To cover for a lack of numbers in central midfield, Gakpo is withdrawn and Endo comes on to make his Liverpool debut.
Now with a mountain to climb, Bournemouth make a double substitution: First, Christie makes way for Moore.
Kluivert replaces Anthony for the final half-hour.
Soon after his error allowed Liverpool to stretch their lead to two goals, Neto has to scramble the ball clear following a mix-up with his defensive colleagues. The Bournemouth skipper is enduring a tough couple of minutes here.
Semenyo cuts in from the right flank and sends over an inswinging cross towards the back post for Moore, but it's overhit and instead runs behind for a goal-kick.
CLOSE! After Senesi is left bamboozled by Jota's quick feet and the Liverpool forward breaks through into the six-yard box before testing Neto, Moore then fails to make clean contact with the ball at the other end. It's wide open now!
Once again, Semenyo drives in from the right flank, and this time his pass is perfectly weighted for Moore, who pops up near the penalty spot. However, the big striker leans back on his shot and sends the ball careering over the crossbar.
From a long ball forward, Solanke takes the ball down expertly with his chest, but just as he is about to shoot the referee blows his whistle for a minor push on Konate just outside the area.
Liverpool are making a clear effort to retain possession and kill off any hopes of a late Bournemouth comeback. Despite going down to 10 men in this second half, they've continued to pose a real threat on the break.
To see his side over the line, Klopp opts for two more changes. First, Alexander-Arnold is replaced by Gomez at right-back.
Jota is also withdrawn, as Elliott comes on to replace him.
Iraola also makes a double substitution. First, Rothwell comes off and Kelly is sent on.
Opening goalscorer Semenyo is also taken off; Brooks is sent on to help save the game.
Continuing to run down the clock, Liverpool are keeping the ball inside their own half; much to Bournemouth's frustration.
A good chance is spurned by Solanke, who powers in from the left before slashing his 18-yard shot well wide of the right-hand post.
Ignoring options to both his left and right, Salah surges through the centre towards Bournemouth's box and then drags a low shot wide of the right-hand post.
A final throw of the dice by Iraola: Senesi is taken off, to be replaced by a forward - Traore comes on.
GOOD STOP! Alisson stands strong to parry away a close-range strike by Kluivert! The Bournemouth substitute perhaps should have found the far corner, but when his shot arrived at pace Liverpool's goalkeeper was equal to it.
As Diaz has apparently picked up a muscular injury, Liverpool's opening goalscorer must be withdrawn; Nunez replaces him for the final few minutes.
In a more measured fashion than last week at Chelsea, Salah now departs. Tsimikas comes on in his place.
Bournemouth simply can't sustain enough possession to pin Liverpool back - despite having a one-man advantage. Can they score even once, to make the closing stages more interesting?
From a 25-yard free-kick in a central position, Billing steps up and laces a wild shot well over the crossbar; summing up Bournemouth's fortunes in the final third since going ahead in the third minute.
SAVE! After taking one touch inside to set himself, Traore lines up a thunderous 20-yard strike at goal; forcing Alisson to tip the ball over for a Bournemouth corner!
SHARP STOP! Traore forces another save from Alisson, this time sending the Brazilian down to his left to repel a shot sent towards the bottom corner! The former Sassuolo winger has made quite an impression since leaving the bench.
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 3-1 BOURNEMOUTH
Recovering from a shaky start in which Bournemouth deservedly went ahead, Liverpool win their first home game of the new Premier League season quite comfortably. After dragging themselves back into a match they eventually dominated - even when reduced to 10 players by Mac Allister's second-half dismissal - the Reds sealed three points with Jota's second-half strike, as they truly settled into their rhythm. Victory stretches their unbeaten run in the top flight to 13 games, while the Cherries still seek a first win of the season.
Following an entertaining encounter today, Liverpool visit Newcastle next, while Bournemouth will aim to end their winless streak at home to Tottenham next weekend.
That's all from Anfield today, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to coverage of the Premier League fixture between Luton Town and Burnley at Kenilworth Road.
Burnley travel to Kenilworth Road to face Luton Town in the Premier League in a game which sees two newly promoted sides go head-to-head. Rob Edwards and Vincent Kompany have struggled to get a tune out of their respective sides in England’s top flight so far this season, with Burnley sitting in 19th place and Luton just outside the relegation zone in 16th.
Luton will be looking to build on an excellent victory away to Everton at Goodison Park on Saturday in what was their first three points of the Premier League season. Burnley are yet to pick up their first win of the campaign, drawing once and losing five of their opening six fixtures. A win for the Clarets could see Kompany’s men climb out of the relegation zone, whereas the Hatters will be four points above the drop zone if they are victorious.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-3): Thomas Kaminski; Amari’i Bell, Tom Lockyer, Teden Mengi; Issa Kabore, Marvelous Nakamba, Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu, Alfie Doughty; Chiedozie Ogbene, Jacob Brown, Carlton Morris.
SUBS: Tim Krul, Mads Andersen, Luke Berry, Cauley Woodrow, Elijah Adebayo, Tahith Chong, Reece Burke, Ryan Giles, Joseph Johnson.
BURNLEY (4-2-3-1): James Trafford; Connor Roberts, Jordan Beyer, Ameen Al Dakhil, Charlie Taylor; Sander Berge, Josh Cullen; Luca Koleosho, Josh Brownhill, Lyle Foster; Zeki Amdouni.
SUBS: Arijanet Muric, Jack Cork, Jay Rodriguez, Aaron Ramsey, Vitinho, Mike Tresor, Jacob Bruun Larsen, Hannes Delcroix, Wilson Odobert.
Kompany has made just one change from his Burnley side who lost 2-0 against Newcastle United at St James’ Park on the weekend. Ramsey drops to the bench with Foster returning to the starting XI. Edwards has also only made one adjustment to his Luton XI after their 2-1 win over Everton at Goodison Park, with Burke being replaced by Mengi, who makes his first Premier League start of the season in defence.
After a tricky start to their first-ever season in the Premier League, Luton are now unbeaten in two games and will be hoping to extend that against a struggling Burnley. Kompany will welcome the return of Foster, who is the Clarets' leading goalscorer in the league this term with two strikes.
The players are on the pitch ready for kick-off.
The game is under way!
Burnley have started the game with a little more attacking intent, as Kompany's side look to dominate possession and break Luton down.
Chance for Luton! Morris finds space in the box after a clever pass from Kabore, and the Hatters striker fires across the penalty area but can't quite find Ogbene at the back post.
Taylor breaks down the left for Burnley and bursts into the box. He finds Amdouni in the penalty area but the Luton defence deal with the danger and clear for a corner.
Luton look to create a dangerous opportunity with a long throw into the Burnley box, but the ball eventually lands in the hands of Trafford.
Burnley get a free-kick deep inside the Luton half which whips into the box, but the assistant referee flags for offside.
Burnley are enjoying more of the ball so far with 70 per cent possession, but are struggling to break Luton down in the opening stages of the game.
Mpanzu picks up a loose ball just outside the Burnley box and unleashes a strike from range, but the effort goes comfortably wide of Trafford's goal.
Foster does superbly to drive through the Luton defence, riding multiple challenges before looking to strike one towards goal from outside the box, but the ball flies past the post.
Burnley look to break down the right-hand side with Koleosho, but Nakamba does superbly to intervene and clear the ball out for a corner.
Bell is struggling with an injury and the medical team enter the pitch.
Bell can't continue after his injury and is replaced by Burke.
CHANCE! Burnley have an excellent opportunity to convert from a corner, but Kaminski makes an excellent save to deny Amdouni's bullet header. The Hatters forward will feel he should have put his side ahead.
Amdouni shows his trickery on the left-hand side to break into the Luton box, but the defence are equal to it and cut out the danger.
Close! Brownhill finds himself in space outside the box and looks to curl one beyond Kaminski in the Luton goal, but the goal goes narrowly over the bar.
Another half-chance for Burnley goes begging. Amdouni pokes the ball past a Luton defender and looks to unleash a strike from range, but the shot flies over the bar and out for a goal-kick.
CHANCE! Ogbene has an excellent opportunity to put Luton in the lead. Kabore delivers a fantastic cross into the box but Ogbene can only divert his header over the bar.
Luton are starting to show a little more threat in the final third as Brown can't quite guide his header on target after another delivery into the penalty area.
Brown goes into the book after a late challenge on Cullen in the Burnley half.
Koleosho is the next Burnley player to try and test the Luton goal after weaving through the defence, but he can only send his strike into the stands.
Doughty clashes with Roberts off the pitch and the Luton faithful aren't happy. The referee has a word with both players and the game resumes.
Koleosho dances through the Luton defence on the right-hand side and delivers a ball towards the back post, but Kabore does enough to guide it out for a corner to Burnley.
Burnley work the ball well towards the Luton goal. It eventually drops to Brownhill just outside the box but he drags his shot wide of the post.
There will be three minutes of added time in the first half.
GOAAAAAAAAL!!! 1-0 Burnley!!! Foster latches on to a superb throughball from Berge beyond the Luton defence and places the ball under Kaminski and into the back of the net. The Hatters striker grabs his third goal of the season to give his side the lead at Kenilworth Road.
Berge timed his pass to perfection allowing Foster to beat the offside trap and race past the Luton defenders to slot the ball home.
HALF-TIME: LUTON TOWN 0-1 BURNLEY
Neither side had too many clear-cut chances in the first half, but Kompany will of course be the happier of the two managers after Burnley opened scoring late on. Luton sat deep absorbing the pressure whilst looking to counter-attack, but the Clarets found a breakthrough through Foster. Edwards won't be too disheartened with his side's performance, but he won't be happy with the goal conceded as the Hatters' defence was left exposed on the break.
Luton will still feel they have a chance of picking up points in this game after limiting Burnley's chances to score in the first 45 minutes. The Hatters had some opportunities of their own, but are yet to properly test Trafford's goal. Kompany will be desperate for the Clarets to hold on as they are just one half of football away from their first victory back in the Premier League.
The second half is under way at Kenilworth Road!
Burnley start the second half on top as Koleosho evades the Luton defenders before driving the ball towards goal, but Kaminski makes a comfortable save.
Another chance for Burnley as Brownhill latches on to a throw inside the Luton box and powers a strike towards Kaminiski, who makes a smart stop to send the ball out for a corner.
CHANCE! Morris should do better. The Luton striker does well to win a header inside the box from a corner but can only guide it over the bar.
Burnley are starting to knock on the door after a spell of pressure from Luton.
Luton are still yet to test Burnley's goal. The Hatters have managed eight shots but have failed to hit the target so far.
The second half is end-to-end so far as Edwards' side look to get back into the game.
Burke brings down Koleosho and receives the second booking of the game.
Kabore leaves the pitch and is replaced by Adebayo as Edwards makes his second change of the game for Luton.
CHANCE! Luton almost equalise! Brown powers a header towards goal after an excellent delivery from Mpanzu, but Cullen clears off the line after the goalkeeper was beaten.
Roberts receives a yellow card for taking too long with a throw-in.
Morris goes down in the box under a challenge from Beyer, but the referee is having none of it.
Chong replaces Brown as Luton make their third and final change.
Luton have yet another chance from a corner but Morris once again can only power his header wide of Trafford's goal.
The Hatters are starting to apply the pressure at Kenilworth Road as Morris swivels and shoots inside the Burnley box, but Trafford gathers the ball comfortably.
Amdouni is replaced by Ramsey for Burnley.
Bruun Larsen enters the fray in place of Koleosho for Kompany's side.
Luton fail to take advantage from another corner as Adebayo heads wide of Trafford's right-hand post.
Edwards' men have had nine shots in the second half to Burnley's three as they continue to push for an equaliser.
Foster, who opened the scoring for Burnley, is replaced by Rodriguez.
GOOOOOAAAAL!!!!!!!! Luton equalise!!! 1-1! Chong sends a dangerous ball into the box which Burke nods down towards Adebayo, who holds off the defender and places the ball into the corner beyond Trafford!
Burke does superbly to climb above the Burnley defence and place a header into the path of Adebayo in the box.
GOAL!!!! 2-1 BURNLEY! Just a few seconds after the restart, the Clarets take the lead once again! Substitute Bruun Larsen unleashes a sensational strike from range to silence the Kenilworth Road faithful.
Assist Connor Richard John Roberts
Luton are pushing to try and equalise once again, but Burnley's goal has deflated Edwards' side.
The fourth official has indicated a minimum of seven minutes added time.
Chong is the latest player to go into the book late in the game.
Nakamba receives Luton's fourth booking of the game.
Ramsey is replaced by Delcroix as Burnley look to hold on.
Taylor receives a booking for kicking the ball away and delaying the restart.
Luton are filling the box as they look to equalise late on with a corner.
FULL-TIME: LUTON TOWN 1-2 BURNLEY
Burnley opened the scoring through Taylor just a few minutes before the half-time whistle, placing the ball beyond the goalkeeper after a superb throughball from Berge. Late in the second half, Luton equalised through Adebayo, who came off the bench to finally get his side back in the game. However, the Hatters' lead lasted just a few seconds, as Bruun Larsen unleashed a screamer from outside the box, which flew into the back of the net, earning the Clarets all three points.
Kompany's side secured their first win of the Premier League season and extended their unbeaten run to seven games against Luton. The Clarets climb a place to 18th in the table as the Hatters remain in 17th on goal difference. Edwards' men failed to build on their impressive win over Everton at the weekend, whilst Burnley bounced back from a disappointing defeat away at Newcastle United.
That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to this live commentary for the Premier League fixture between Manchester City and Newcastle United from Etihad Stadium.
We are early into the Premier League season but both of these two sides will be keen to build on their respective positive starts to the season. Pep Guardiola's side breezed past the returning Burnley last Friday before adding a Super Cup to their ever-growing trophy cabinet in midweek. Newcastle face a tough task away to the league champions but will be buoyed by their comprehensive 5-1 thumping of Aston Villa on the opening weekend.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-2-3-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Manuel Akanji, Ruben Dias, Josko Gvardiol; Rodrigo, Mateo Kovacic; Phil Foden, Julian Alvarez, Jack Grealish; Erling Haaland.
MANCHESTER CITY SUBS: Nathan Ake, Kalvin Phillips, Cole Palmer, James McAtee, Sergio Gomez, Rico Lewis, Stefan Ortega, Oscar Bobb, Maximo Perrone.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Nick Pope; Kieran Trippier, Fabian Schar, Sven Botman, Dan Burn; Sandro Tonali, Bruno Guimaraes, Joelinton; Miguel Almiron, Alexander Isak, Anthony Gordon.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Jamaal Lascelles, Matt Targett, Sean Longstaff, Harvey Barnes, Elliot Anderson, Matt Ritchie, Martin Dubravka, Callum Wilson, Valentino Livramento.
Guardiola makes two changes from his side's midweek Super Cup victory against Sevilla. Alvarez returns to the starting XI in place of Palmer while Dias starts instead of Ake in defence.
Eddie Howe, meanwhile, names an unchanged side after Newcastle's 5-1 win against Aston Villa last weekend.
City have lost just one of their last 31 Premier League games against Newcastle (W25 D5), going down 2-1 at St. James' Park in January 2019.
The players are out on the pitch now and the game is moments away!
City get this first half under way.
There's an early stoppage as Schar receives treatment following a nasty fall after a collision with Haaland.
The Swiss centre-back is back on his feet and looks like he will continue.
A solid start in possession from City so far as they look to control the early exchanges.
Trippier tries to get forward for the first time this game but he's caught in an offside position as he attempts to cross from the byline.
Grealish cuts inside from the left but his shot is blocked well by a diving Trippier.
City have had 85 per cent possession in the opening ten minutes of this game.
An uncharacteristic miscontrol from Haaland as he allows the ball to drift out for a goal-kick having received it on the left side of the penalty area.
Walker has plenty of space out on the right as he cuts the ball back to Akanji. The centre-back tries his luck from range but it flies well over the bar.
The first notable attack of the game for Newcastle as Gordon drives down the left. He can't find a man in a black and white shirt as Akanji smashes it clear.
Newcastle are growing into the game now but a loose pass from Guimaraes gifts City back possession on the edge of their box.
Almiron lets the ball run and Joelinton picks it up on the edge of the box. He's stretching slightly as he takes a shot but it's smothered well by the City defence and cleared away.
The first yellow card of the game as Gordon's studs catch the calf of Dias.
City play long towards Haaland but Schar and Botman work together well to crowd out the striker as the ball runs through to Pope.
Alvarez finds a pocket of space on the left side of the box, but Botman is well-positioned and clears the Argentine's cross before it can reach Haaland.
Kovacic tries his luck from the edge of the box as the loose ball bounces into the path of the Croatian midfielder. He catches it cleanly but it's blocked by the Newcastle defence.
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! CITY AHEAD! 1-0! The deadlock is broken and Alvarez has the opener for City. Foden has time and space on the right to pick out Alvarez on the edge of the box. The Argentine shifts it onto his right foot before smashing it into the far corner with Pope only able to get a fingertip on it.
Foden did well to find Alvarez with the disguised cutback, with the Argentine finishing in superb fashion.
Another Newcastle yellow card as Tonali brings down Foden as he bears down on the penalty area.
Kovacic has another chance on the edge of the box but, once again, his effort is smothered and blocked by the Newcastle defence.
There's a brief VAR check for a Kovacic handball but no penalty is given.
Grealish picks up the ball on the left edge of the box but Trippier is tight to him once again as the right-black blocks his latest effort.
With half-time fast approaching, Newcastle are still yet to register a shot on target.
WIDE! City are inches away from their second of the game. Ederson goes long to Grealish, who finds Foden. He, in turn, feeds Haaland, whose first-time effort from inside the area just drifts wide of the left post.
The first corner of the game comes for City as Trippier turns behind Foden's cross. Grealish delivers but Guimaraes can clear after Dias's header can't find another City player inside the box.
There will be three minutes of added time to end this first half.
A late chance for Newcastle as Trippier's cross finds Gordon inside the box. The winger looks caught in two minds as he opts to bring down the ball rather than strike it first time. In the end, the touch is poor and it allows the City defence to clear.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 1-0 NEWCASTLE UNITED
Julian Alvarez's goal is the difference at the break as City lead Newcastle 1-0 at Etihad Stadium. City saw plenty of the ball in the early stages but failed to create any clear-cut chances until their opening goal after 30 minutes. Having been found by Foden, Alvarez unleashed a vicious strike across goal from the right side of the box, the effort flying past Pope and into the top corner. Haaland came close to doubling his side's lead before the break but the Norwegian saw his left-footed effort drift wide of the post.
It's been a typical City performance so far with 60 per cent possession and nine shots on goal. They perhaps haven't been at their clinical best in and around the penalty area but they have their lead and a firm grip on this game. Newcastle have looked promising, at times, going forward but Eddie Howe's side will need to offer far more consistent attacking threat after the break if they are to find a way back into this encounter.
Newcastle get this second half under way.
An early yellow card in the second half for City as Alvarez brings down Tonali in the middle of the park.
Gordon has the first half chance of the second half for Newcastle but his effort from the left side of the penalty area deflects off Joelinton and goes out for a City throw-in.
Gordon again with a chance as Joelinton finds him in the box. He tries to spin past Walker and gain half a yard for the shot but, in the end, it's sliced over the bar.
City have a free-kick just inside the Newcastle half but it's wasted and flies straight out for a goal-kick.
Joelinton is the latest to receive a booking after he takes out Foden with a late challenge.
Newcastle make the first changes of the game as Gordon makes way for Barnes.
Joelinton also comes off having potentially suffered a slight injury. Longstaff replaces him in the middle of the park.
Barnes has only been on the pitch for a matter of moments but the Englishman is already in the book as he pulls back Walker.
It's fantastic defending from Schar as he times a challenge to perfection to not only disposes Haaland inside the penalty area but also win a goal-kick for his side. Superb from the Swiss centre-back.
Newcastle have a free-kick in a central position inside the City half but it's wasted as Ederson comes off his line to claim the ball with ease.
WIDE! Another chance for Haaland but it drifts wide again. Foden is relishing the freedom from playing centrally and he slides through the City forward once again. Haaland creates the room for the left-footed strike but the ball just drifts past the left post in a similar fashion to his chance late in the first half.
Haaland with another chance again straight away but he's forced wide and Pope saves well with his legs.
Guimaraes has a good chance as the ball finds him on the edge of the box. It's a poor effort from the Brazilian, though, as he scuffs his effort into the ground with the strike trickling harmlessly wide of the post.
Another double change for Newcastle as Isak is replaced by Wilson.
Tonali also comes off with Anderson coming on in his place.
Barnes with his first chance since coming off the bench but his right-footed curling effort is saved comfortably down low by Ederson.
A yellow this time for Guimaraes as he accidentally collides with Foden.
For all of Newcastle's increased intensity in the second half, they have still only registered one shot on target so far this game, that being Barnes's effort from outside the box moments ago.
Trippier brings down Grealish and City have a free-kick out on the left. Foden delivers but the delivery is cleared away by the Newcastle defence.
Barnes's cross from the left runs all the way through to Almiron. He strikes it cleanly but it's blocked by the City defence on the edge of the box.
City have now scored in each of their last 30 Premier League games against Newcastle, a record for one side against another in the competition.
With six minutes of normal time remaining, City appear comfortable with this one-goal lead. Newcastle continue to toil away but to no avail.
A final roll of the dice for Newcastle as Almiron makes way for Livramento who comes on for his Magpies debut.
A chance for Foden to put the game to bed but his strike is blocked by the retreating Burn.
WIDE! Another chance in quick succession as Haaland embarks on a marauding run forward and slips in Foden but the Englishman can only drag his effort wide on the angle.
There will be five minutes of added time to end this second half.
A late foul for City as Kovacic is brought down by Guimaraes just inside the Newcastle half.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 1-0 NEWCASTLE UNITED
Julian Alvarez's first-half goal was the difference as City continued their perfect start to the Premier League with a 1-0 home win against Newcastle. It was Pep Guardiola's men who started the better side and they got their just reward after half an hour when Alvarez opened the scoring with a superb strike into the top corner. Haaland nearly doubled City's lead before the half-time interval and had another good chance midway through the second half but last season's top goalscorer fired wide on both occasions. In the end, Newcastle struggled to force their way back into the game, with City expertly seeing out the clash and extending the Magpies' unwanted poor record at Etihad Stadium.
City travel to face newly promoted Sheffield United next Sunday while Newcastle host Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool.
That's all for today - thanks for tuning in!
Hello everyone and welcome to live text coverage of the Premier League match between Nottingham Forest and Sheffield United.
Both teams are seeking their first points of the season after suffering defeats on the opening weekend. Forest went down 2-1 at Arsenal while United were beaten 1-0 at home by Crystal Palace.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (3-4-3): Matt Turner; Willy Boly, Joe Worrall, Scott McKenna; Serge Aurier, Danilo, Orel Mangala, Neco Williams; Brennan Johnson, Taiwo Awoniyi, Morgan Gibbs-White.
SUBS: Ethan Horvath, Cheikhou Kouyate, Chris Wood, Harry Toffolo, Moussa Niakhite, Anthony Elanga, Ryan Yates, Remo Freuler, Hwang Ui-Jo.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-5-2): Wes Foderingham; Anel Ahemdhodzic, John Egan, Jack Robinson; Ben Osborn, Gustavo Hamer, Oliver Norwood, Vinicius, Max Lowe; Benie Traore, William Osula.
SUBS: Adam Davies, Auston Trusty, Chris Basham, Tom Davies, Yasser Larouci, Louie Marsh, Andre Brooks, Femi Seriki, Antwoine Hackford.
Steve Cooper makes two changes from the defeat at Arsenal. Awoniyi is recalled to the starting XI after scoring from the bench at the Emirates, while Williams is also brought in with Aina and Yates dropping to the bench. Niakhite is also named among the substitutes after recovering from an elbow injury. Omar Richards, Felipe and Wayne Hennessey are long-term absentees.
Paul Heckingbottom also makes a couple of alterations from the opening weekend. Hamer makes his debut after signing from Coventry City with Vinicius also brought into the starting XI. Basham drops to the bench while Baldock misses out through injury. He joins a lengthy list of absentees including Oli McBurnie, John Fleck, Rhys Norrington-Davies, Jayden Bogle, Rhian Brewster, Daniel Jebbison and Ismaila Coulibaly.
This is the first Premier League meeting between the sides since May 1993. United won 2-0 at the City Ground that day to relegate Brian Clough's Forest from the top flight.
The players are making their way out onto the field and kick-off is just moments away.
The referee blows his whistle and the match is under way.
AWONIYI!!! 1-0 FOREST! The hosts make their positive start tell! Following a patient build-up, the ball is laid back to Aurier, whose cross is powered home by the head of Awoniyi.
Aurier floated a delicious ball into the box for Awoniyi to attack.
Awoniyi becomes the first Forest player to score in six successive Premier League games since Stan Collymore in 1995.
United look to respond immediately and force a corner. However, it comes to nothing as Forest defend well.
It has been an exciting opening to the game at the City Ground. Forest turned a purposeful start into the first goal of the contest, delighting the home crowd.
Forest have only lost once in their last 13 home league games against United. That sole defeat came back in December 2008.
The hosts were strong on home soil last season, losing just five of their 19 Premier League games here.
Good try! Forest counter with Awoniyi feeding Gibbs-White, who gets a shot away from the edge of the box, but Foderingham gets down to it.
United are trying to generate a threat on the Forest goal, but are unable to find a way through their stubborn hosts at the moment.
Forest push in search of a second goal and are awarded a corner. But it comes to nothing as United deal with the delivery.
The visitors look to get in behind the Forest defence, but the hosts just about manage to scramble the ball away.
Slowly but surely, United are beginning to gain a foothold in this contest. Although, they are still to register their first shot on goal.
The Blades have failed to win their first away league game in each of the last 11 seasons stretching back to a 2-0 win over Oldham Athletic in 2011-12.
Williams appeals for a penalty after taking a tumble in the box, but the referee is not interested.
Forest continue to threaten down the left flank, but Foderingham rises to collect a ball into the box.
Johnson cuts in from the right and unleashes a shot that deflects behind for a corner. Can the hosts capitalise?
CHANCE! Boly is unmarked as he meets Gibbs-White's corner delivery, but he is unable to keep his header down.
Good effort! United register their first shot following an attack down the right. Danilo clears but only as far as Vinicius, whose curling 25-yard strike is pushed away by Turner.
Boly drags Traore down and receives the first yellow card of the game.
The Blades enjoy a positive spell and almost get in behind the Forest defence, who manage to deflect a dangerous low ball behind for a corner.
A nervy moment for Foderingham, who races out of goal but is beaten to the ball by Gibbs-White. Thankfully for the visitors, they have cover and the ball ricochets kindly for Foderingham to eventually tidy up.
A break in play here with Johnson in need of attention. The Forest forward stayed down shortly after seeing his shot blocked from just outside the box.
After receiving attention from the medical team, Johnson is soon back on his feet and returns to the thick of the action.
Aurier demonstrates his frustration towards the referee, who wanted a word with the Forest wing-back. But he goes a bit too far and has his name taken.
Gibbs-White shows clever footwork to get out of a tight situation and race towards the United defence. But his eventual shot is a poor one that goes high into the stands.
We are into the first of two additional minutes at the end of this first half.
Norwood is the latest player to go into the referee's notebook.
HALF-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 1-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED
Nottingham Forest lead Sheffield United by a goal to nil at the break. Taiwo Awoniyi's third-minute header separates the sides at the City Ground. The goal came after a hugely positive start to the contest from the hosts, who are certainly good value for their half-time lead.
Although they started slowly, United grew into the contest and ended up enjoying more possession during the first half. However, they only registered a single shot on target - something they must improve after the break.
The visitors make a change at the break with Larouci replacing Lowe.
Off we go again! Forest get the ball rolling once more.
HAMER!!! 1-1! What a strike! And what a start to the second half by the visitors! United make a positive start to the second half and force a corner that is only cleared as far as Hamer, who sets himself before bending a stunning 20-yard strike into the top corner.
That was a debut goal to remember for Hamer. Straight into the team following his move from Coventry, he has wasted no time in making his mark.
Close! The visitors almost turn things around with the ball breaking kindly for Vinicius. He goes for placement 20 yards from goal, but his precise effort is just wide of the target.
The Blades have won just three of their last 29 away games in the Premier League, losing 22 of those. But they are well in with a shout here.
OFFSIDE! Forest think they have regained the lead as Awoniyi gets in behind and neatly lifts the ball into the net. However, his joy is short-lived when the offside flag is rightly raised.
Vinicius is unable to continue after picking up an earlier knock. He is replaced by Basham.
We are still level as we hit the hour mark at the City Ground. Will it remain this way, or will one of the teams take the spoils?
Danilo tries his luck from distance. But his ambitious attempt is high, wide and never troubling the goal.
Forest have a faint appeal for a penalty, but the referee is not interested and, instead, the hosts can threaten from a corner.
GOOD SAVE! Danger for the visitors as the ball ricochets kindly for Forest inside the penalty box. Aurier and Boly get shots away, but Foderingham shows great reflexes to deny the latter.
A positive spell for Forest, who are aiming to record four successive Premier League home wins for the first time since January 1996.
Forest make a double-change. The first sees Yates replace Mangala.
Elanga also enters the action with Boly making way.
Forest build up the pressure down the right flank. The ball falls kindly for Danilo on the edge of the box, but his tame effort is blocked.
Hamer is booked for a foul on Gibbs-White.
A change for the visitors with Osula replaced by Brooks.
The Blades have not recorded a draw in any of their last 25 Premier League outings. As things stand, that streak will end here.
A nervy moment for Forest as Turner is unable to gather the ball under pressure. But the goalkeeper was fouled and the referee penalises the visitors.
CHANCE! Forest are almost a punished for a real defensive mix-up! McKenna and Worrall get in each other's way as they go for the same ball, enabling Traore to race away. However, Turner comes to the hosts' rescue with fine reflexes to deny the United forward.
The hosts will know they got away with one there. A real lack of communication between their defenders was almost punished, and could have cost them the game.
Traore is unable to continue and goes off to be replaced by Hackford.
Awoniyi is given a breather. He is replaced by Wood for the final six minutes.
Osborn takes a little too long taking a throw-in and is booked for time-wasting.
We are into the final two minutes of regulation time. Can either side find a winner in these latter stages?
WOOD!!! 2-1 FOREST! The hosts may have just won it! After a corner is cleared, Worrall keeps the danger alive, finding Aurier on the wing. In plenty of space, the latter sets himself and delivers a delicious cross that is brilliantly guided in by Wood.
Aurier gets his second assist of the game with another lovely cross that was begging to be attacked.
As we enter the first of eight additional minutes, Kouyate replaces Danilo in the first of two more Forest changes.
Niakhite also comes on with Johnson given a breather.
What an impact by Wood! Introduced for Awoniyi, he took just five minutes to make a significant impact - one that could have earned his team all three points.
Chance! The hosts are very much in control of proceedings as the clock ticks down. The ball is fizzed across the box towards Elanga, but the ball ricochets against him and over the bar.
Just 60 seconds remain and United have the ball, but they need to get it forward and into the Forest penalty area.
The ball is swung into the Forest box, but after receiving a timely shout from a team-mate, Aurier lets it run behind for a goal kick. The hosts are almost there.
FULL-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 2-1 SHEFFIELD UNITED
Chris Wood was the hero as his late header secured Nottingham Forest's first points of the Premier League season. The substitute headed the winner in the 89th minute after Gustavo Hamer's debut goal cancelled out Taiwo Awoniyi's early header. Despite a spirited effort at the City Ground, Sheffield United remain pointless after their opening two games.
Both sides are back in action next weekend. Forest look to build on their momentum when they travel to Old Trafford to face Manchester United. Meanwhile, Sheffield United look to get their first points on the board when they entertain reigning champions Manchester City.
That's all. Thank you for following our live coverage. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to the live commentary of the Premier League clash between Tottenham and Manchester United at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
Tottenham kicked off the campaign with a 2-2 draw against Brentford in their opener last week. Cristian Romero headed Ange Postecoglou's men in front before the Bees struck twice to turn the game on its head. But, Emerson Royal scored a fine effort to earn his team a share of the spoils. Spurs now need to up the level of their game against United, having proven that they can score goals without Harry Kane.
Manchester United edged out Wolves in their opener courtesy of Raphael Varane's second-half effort. The Red Devils were far from convincing and survived a late penalty scare after Andre Onana wiped out Saka Kalajdzic in the box. The decision went United's way and Erik ten Hag was delighted to see his team get off the mark with a win. Spurs will present a challenge on the road, and Ten Hag will want to correct his side's poor away record against top-half teams from last season.
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Micky van de Ven, Cristian Romero, Iyenoma Udogie; Pape Sarr, Yves Bissouma; Dejan Kulusevski, James Maddison, Son Heung-Min; Richarlison.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Oliver Skipp, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Davinson Sanchez, Emerson Royal, Ivan Perisic, Giovani Lo Celso, Fraser Forster, Manor Solomon, Ben Davies.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-1-4-1): Andre Onana; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Lisandro Martínez, Raphael Varane, Luke Shaw; Casemiro; Antony, Bruno Fernandes, Mason Mount, Alejandro Garnacho; Marcus Rashford.
MANCHESTER UNITED SUBS: Victor Lindelof, Anthony Martial, Christian Eriksen, Diogo Dalot, Jadon Sancho, Dean Henderson, Facundo Pellistri, Scott McTominay, Radek Vitek.
Spurs have made two changes to their side from their draw against Brentford. Porro gets the nod to start at right-back ahead of Emerson, who drops to the bench. Sarr comes into the middle of the park to replace Skipp. Romero is cleared to play after suffering a head injury after scoring the opener against the Bees last time out.
Manchester United have named an unchanged side from their win over Wolves. Martinez was forced off half-time with an ankle problem, but returns to the fold to start alongside Varane. Rashford continues to lead the line with Garnacho and Antony in the final third. Martial remains on the bench, while Harry Maguire has failed to make the squad.
Spurs have won just one of their last nine Premier League games against Man Utd (D2 L6), and are winless in five against them (D1 L4) since a 6-1 away win in October 2020.
We're under way at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
Kulusevski angles a deep cross to the back post for an unmarked Son. The Spurs captain tries to take on a first-time strike, but he scuffs his attempt well away from goal.
OVER! Porro loses possession and Garnacho offloads back to Antony for a first-time strike at goal, but he lifts his strike over the bar.
SAVE! Garnacho surges down the left flank and cuts inside to shoot on his right foot. But, his effort is tame and Vicario produces a routine stop.
Fernandes is down for the visitors after battling for possession with Porro. He receives treatment on the pitch.
Antony sends a switch to the left flank to release Garnacho. He runs into the box and offloads to Shaw on the overlap, but Porro tracks the run and sends the ball behind for a corner.
Mount swings a corner in from the right flank deep to the back post. Varane challenges for the header, only to send his effort over the top.
Spurs have been sloppy in possession in the early stages of the game. United have been able to create turnovers, but have not put Vicario under tremendous pressure
SAVE! Antony releases Rashford into the Spurs box and he surges past Romero. The England international tries to lift his strike over Vicario, but the Spurs keeper spreads himself to make an important block.
BLOCK! United cut Spurs open at the back as Rashford finds Wan-Bissaka. He sends a cutback to Garnacho to strike, but his effort is charged down by Romero.
Sarr gets a turnover in the middle of the park and releases Kulusevski down the right flank. He drives all the way to the byline and wins a corner.
Kulusevski runs at the United defence down the right flank and Martinez has to get across to block his cutback behind for a corner.
Maddison fails to find his range from his second corner after hitting the first one short he sends his second out of the box.
Casemiro brings down Bissouma on a forward run and hands Spurs a free-kick in a useful position.
Maddison fails to beat the first man with his delivery, wasting another promising position for the home side.
Rashford makes a good run into the inside-right channel to latch onto Fernandes' pass, but Van de Ven blocks his effort at goal.
Onana launches a perfect cross-field pass to Garnacho on the left flank. He has space and time, but he fails to pick out a team-mate in the middle.
Fernandes produces a sensational rabona cross to find Rashford six yards out, but he places his header over the bar. The forward would have been just offside anyway, but he wasn't aware.
Shaw raids down the left flank and cuts the ball back to Fernandes, but Sarr makes an important block for the hosts.
SAVE! Spurs counter down the left flank as Son beats Varane all ends up. The Frenchman is fortunate not to give away a free-kick as Son stays up and offloads to Sarr. He in turn feeds Kulusevski to strike, only to see his effort saved by Onana.
Rashford surges past Van de Ven with ease down the right flank and offloads to Garnacho. It deflects wide off Romero, but there is an instant appeal for handball. VAR will look at this.
Romero breathes a sigh of relief as the referee points for a corner. That could have gone either way.
SAVE! Spurs break with speed through Maddison. He finds Udogie and then Son takes over before sliding a perfect throughball for Sarr on a late run. The midfielder shoots first-time and sees his effort saved by Onana and is then closed down before he can turn the rebound home.
Wan-Bissaka prevents Spurs from taking a quick free-kick and goes into the book.
CHANCE! FERNANDES HAS TO SCORE! Shaw clips a perfect cross into the box for an unmarked Fernandes to attack in the middle. He only has to place his header on target to score, but he plants it wide of the left post. Unlike Rashford, he was onside.
Antony clips Bissouma on the charge and goes into the book.
Fernandes appeals the decision by referee Michael Oliver and follows his team-mate into the book.
OFF THE BAR AND POST! Spurs hit the woodwork twice within 10 seconds. Son tees up Porro to strike from inside the box and he beats the hand of Onana, but rattles the bar. Sarr gathers the rebound in the inside-right channel and his cutback is deflected onto the post by Shaw. The rebound falls inches away from Richarlison allowing United to clear.
Spurs have found their rhythm and are ending the first half on the front foot. United will be determined to get into the break without conceding here.
Kulusevski steps inside on his left foot to shoot from 25 yards, but Onana watches it all the way into his hands.
Porro makes a run to the byline and whips a cross into the middle for Romero to attack. But, he can only loop his header into the arms of Onana despite the presence of Richarlison.
There will be three minutes of added time.
Fernandes stands a cross into the middle, but it glances off the top of his head on its way behind for a goal-kick.
HALF-TIME: TOTTENHAM 0-0 MANCHESTER UNITED
It's goalless at the break in the Premier League clash between Tottenham and Manchester United. Spurs came the closest to breaking the deadlock when Pedro Porro rattled the bar with a strike and Pape Sarr's cross from the rebound was deflected onto the post. At the other end, Bruno Fernandes should have at least hit the target with a close-range header, while United could have had a penalty for a handball by Cristian Romero which was not given after a VAR check. The contest remains in the balance at the interval.
Ange Postecoglou will be pleased with his side's response after United made a strong start to the game. Once Spurs found their rhythm they began to create chances, but could not find the elusive breakthrough. The second half could be vital for both teams as they look to set the tone for the campaign ahead.
We're back under way at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
Wan-Bissaka makes a vital interception to cut out a pass from Maddison towards Son. The Spurs captain would have been through on goal there.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SARR FIRES SPURS IN FRONT!!!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Sarr gambles with a late run in the box and is in the right spot to convert Kulusevski's deflected cross. Kulusevski is afforded acres of space down the right flank and he breaks to the byline. He sends a right-footed ball across the face of goal which falls kindly for Sarr, and he makes no mistake hooking his left-footed strike into the net.
OFF THE POST! United should be level, but Antony's left-footed strike rattles the left post. Fernandes wins possession in the final third and slices open the Spurs defence with a pass to Antony. He cuts inside past Van de Ven and shoots, only to be denied by the post.
SAVE! Spurs go back up the other end and Onana has to be alert at the near post to repel a low strike from Udogie following good build-up work from Son.
Romero goes down under pressure from Martinez and then Maddison goes down in the penalty area under Antony's challenge. But, the referee is unmoved amid Spurs' appeals for a penalty.
Udogie brings down Rashford on the charge down the right flank, handing United a free-kick in a decent position.
WHAT A STOP! Vicario produces a brilliant one-handed save to deny Casemiro. Fernandes puts a dangerous cross into the middle for the Brazilian to attack. He connects sweetly with his header, but Vicario reacts to turn it over the bar.
Wan-Bissaka makes a vital challenge as the last man on the half-way line to stop Kulusevski. The Spurs man remains down after the tackle and receives treatment.
Fernandes is played behind the Spurs defence by Shaw and fires at goal. Vicario produces another fine save to turn his effort past the post, although the flag goes up late for offside.
Kulusevski cuts in from the right flank and shapes to shoot. He opts against the strike and feeds Bissouma, who fires wide of the target.
BLOCK! Shaw has to put his body on the line to block Son's strike after brilliant work in combination between the Spurs captain and Udogie.
Udogie holds the ball after bringing down Antony and is booked by the referee.
WIDE! Bissouma continues to cause problems for United. He weaves his way inside the box and shapes to shoot, but he places his left-footed strike past the post.
Garnacho is withdrawn for Sancho by Ten Hag.
Wan-Bissaka makes way for Dalot at right-back, which might due to his booking in the first half.
Eriksen gets a warm reception from the Spurs fans as he replaces Antony.
United have had to weather a storm from Spurs in the second half. Had Antony's strike hit the back of the net rather than the post it could have been a different story. But, they need to find to conjure an equaliser from somewhere.
Davies replaces Udogie for the hosts at left-back.
Perisic shores up the left side of Tottenham's line-up as he replaces Richarlison. Son will push up front.
Eriksen slips amid pressure from Kulusevski, but the loose ball falls to Varane and deflects behind for a Tottenham corner.
Perisic cuts in from the left flank and delivers a threatening cross to the back post where Shaw does well to head clear with Kulusevski lurking.
Hojbjerg replaces the goalscorer Sarr in the Tottenham midfield for the closing stages.
Rashford has a run at Porro down the left flank, but the defender does well to hold his ground and win the ball.
Davies tries to feed Kulusevski in the inside-left channel, but just overhits his throughball out for a goal-kick.
Casemiro latches on to a clearance on the edge of the box and launches a strike on the half-volley that Vicario watches into his hands.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MARTINEZ DEFLECTS THE BALL INTO HIS OWN THE NET!!!!!!! 2-0 TOTTENHAM!!!! Tottenham extend their lead as Davies' scuff takes a massive deflection off Martinez and rolls into the bottom-right corner. Perisic does well down the left flank as he cuts inside on his right foot and curls a cross into the middle. Davies does not connect well with his strike and it benefits the hosts as it travels onto Martinez's boot on its way past Onana.
Rashfords cuts a frustrated figure as he is replaced by Martial.
Pellistri is on for Mount in the final third.
Martial works the ball towards Fernandes, who shoots on the turn from 25 yards, but his effort is charged down by a wall of white shirts.
Emerson replaces Porro for the closing stages of the game at right-back.
Solomon enters the action for Kulusevski, who has been excellent today.
Pellistri has a run at Davies down the right flank and gets to the byline before he goes down amid contact from the defender. The referee is not interested in United's appeal for a penalty and neither is VAR.
There will be nine minutes of added time.
Fernandes lines up a curling strike from 25 yards, but Vicario watches it all the way into his hands. Spurs will want to see this game out with a clean sheet.
Spurs pile forward into the final third in search of another goal. Maddison takes possession, but sees his strike charged down.
Casemiro angles a cross deep to the back post, only to send his delivery over the head of Pellistri.
Shaw drives forward from left-back and offloads to Casemiro on the stretch, but his effort is deflected over the top.
Vicario makes another super stop to deny United by turning Varane's header onto the bar. The offside flag has gone up late anyway, but the Spurs goalkeeper has put forward a fine display in front of his new supporters.
Bissouma brings down Pellistri on the edge of the box, handing United a chance to get a consolation goal from the resulting free-kick.
OVER! Fernandes takes the set-piece, but curls his effort over the bar. The United captain is not happy with himself.
FULL-TIME: TOTTENHAM 2-0 MANCHESTER UNITED
Tottenham secure their first win of the Premier League season by defeating Manchester United for the first time since October 2020. Pape Sarr notched his first goal for the club to put the home side ahead just after the interval. Lisandro Martinez then deflected Ben Davies' scuffed strike into his own his net to hand Ange Postecoglou his first victory in the Tottenham dugout. United had a couple of moments and can look back at Antony's effort that rattled the post just after Sarr's opener, but they were largely second best at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
Tottenham are next in action against Bournemouth on the road next Saturday. United are at home to Nottingham Forest on the same day.
Thanks for joining our commentary today. Until next time, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this London Derby from the Premier League as West Ham host Chelsea!
These two rivals are both targeting a first win of the season at the London Stadium. West Ham were pegged back in a 1-1 draw at Bournemouth last time out, with Dominic Solanke levelling for the Cherries after Jarrod Bowen's stunning strike put the Hammers ahead. Following a turbulent pre-season, the signings of Edson Alvarez and James Ward-Prowse have lifted the mood at the London Stadium – can West Ham cause an upset here?
Chelsea produced an admirable performance in their first league game under Mauricio Pochettino last Sunday, drawing 1-1 with Liverpool at Stamford Bridge. They've since enjoyed another eventful week in the transfer market, making Moises Caicedo the most expensive player in British football history and adding a second young midfielder in Romeo Lavia. Will Pochettino's first competitive win as Blues boss come at the home of their rivals?
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Kurt Zouma, Nayef Aguerd, Emerson; James Ward-Prowse, Tomas Soucek; Jarrod Bowen, Lucas Paqueta, Said Benrahma; Michail Antonio.
WEST HAM SUBS: Lukasz Fabianski, Ben Johnson, Aaron Cresswell, Pablo Fornals, Maxwel Cornet, Danny Ings, Edson Alvarez, Angelo Ogbonna, Divin Mubama.
CHELSEA (3-4-3): Robert Sanchez; Axel Disasi, Thiago Silva, Levi Colwill; Malo Gusto, Enzo Fernandez, Conor Gallagher, Ben Chilwell; Raheem Sterling, Nicolas Jackson, Carney Chukwuemeka.
CHELSEA SUBS: Lucas Bergstrom, Marc Cucurella, Mykhailo Mudryk, Noni Madueke, Lesley Ugochukwu, Moises Caicedo, Ian Maatsen, Mason Burstow, Bashir Humphreys.
David Moyes makes just one change from the Hammers side that started on the south coast last week, bringing former Southampton skipper Ward-Prowse in for his West Ham debut as Fornals drops to the bench. Fellow new arrival Alvarez is also among the substitutes, while Paqueta – who is subject to a Football Association investigation over alleged violations of betting rules – starts.
Pochettino also keeps alterations to a minimum as Gusto replaces injured captain Reece James on the right. New £115million signing Caicedo starts on the bench as Gallagher partners Fernandez in midfield, while Lavia – a £58m acquisition from Southampton – is not involved.
Chelsea have won 149 London Derbies in the Premier League and are looking to become just the second side to record 150 victories in such games, after Arsenal. Will the Blues reach that landmark here? The teams are out, and kick-off is fast approaching!
We're under way at the London Stadium as Jackson gets the ball rolling for Chelsea!
The atmosphere is electric in east London as West Ham play their first competitive home game since last season's Europa Conference League triumph. The fact there is no love lost between these two clubs also helps! Chukwuemeka lifts a cross into the box, but Aguerd is there to clear.
Paqueta goes down following a West Ham throw on the left, with the Hammers initially playing on as they attempted to break. The Brazil international landed awkwardly and seems to be in discomfort.
Paqueta is helped to his feet by the West Ham medical team. He will play on despite landing awkwardly following a tussle with Gallagher.
GOOD SAVE! West Ham win the first corner of the game on the right, giving new man Ward-Prowse a chance to show off his set-piece skills. His deep delivery is flicked goalwards by Zouma with Bowen ready to pounce, but Sanchez gets down to punch it clear.
This is a positive start from West Ham. Coufal breaks into the area and forces Gallagher to slide the ball behind for another corner.
GOOAAAAAL! AGUERD PUTS WEST HAM AHEAD! Ward-Prowse needed just seven minutes to make his set-piece prowess count! His deep corner is met by Aguerd at the far post, with the Morocco international climbing above Gallagher to power a header into the bottom-left corner. 1-0 to the Irons!
Ward-Prowse gets the first assist of his West Ham career, lifting a textbook set-piece delivery onto the head of Aguerd! Gallagher could do nothing against the Hammers defender – that was a real mismatch at the far post!
IS IT A PENALTY? Jackson darts onto Gusto's throughball to round Areola, who clips the Chelsea striker and sends him tumbling to the ground. The referee looks to point to the spot, but the linesman is flagging for offside. VAR will take a look at this!
NO PENALTY! Following a VAR review, offside is the decision and West Ham escape. That was a close call – Chelsea almost hit back immediately!
We've had a thrilling start to this London Derby. Chelsea may be behind, but Jackson looks like a real handful playing on the shoulder of West Ham's defence.
Aguerd goes into the book for cynically stopping Sterling from breaking down the right. Moments earlier, Antonio had Colwill backpedalling as he charged into the box, but the Hammers striker failed to get his shot away.
OVER! Chelsea's stand-in captain Chilwell provides a brilliant cross from the left, but Jackson gets under his header and sends it comfortably over the crossbar from six yards out. That was a good chance!
Ward-Prowse has now provided 24 assists from dead-ball situations in the Premier League, the second most of any player since his debut in the competition in 2012-13, behind Christian Eriksen (25).
West Ham apply more pressure as Soucek and Coufal combine on the right, before Benrahma sees a shot blocked. Jackson looks to lead a Chelsea counter, but former Blues defender Zouma cuts it out.
Sterling sets off on a run and beats Emerson for pace, but his powerful delivery from the right is gathered by Areola. Chelsea are struggling to find a way through.
Fernandez finds Sterling running in behind Emerson, and the England international wins a corner on the Chelsea right.
Chilwell's delivery is flicked on by Silva, but Areola comes through the crowd to claim the loose ball. Good goalkeeping.
Gallagher lines up a strike from range, which Areola uncomfortably parries… but Jackson clears the crossbar with his volley on the follow-up!
Chukwuemeka shows great strength to outmuscle Soucek and reach the byline, but his cutback is poor and Zouma can clear the danger. Jackson and Sterling were both lurking in dangerous positions.
Wide! Fernandez's deep cross finds Chilwell on the far side of the area, but he glances his header well wide of Areola's right-hand post.
Chelsea are looking more threatening now. Sterling has the chance to thread Jackson through on goal, but his pass is slightly underhit and Aguerd gets back in time to clear. A better ball would've resulted in a one-on-one.
West Ham have lost 11 of their last 16 Premier League London derbies (W2 D3), with both wins in that run coming against Fulham last season. The Hammers have lost more London derbies in the Premier League than any other side (119), but they've started this one well.
GOAAAAAAAL! CHUKWUEMEKA LEVELS FOR CHELSEA! The Blues' pressure tells as Chilwell's cross is only cleared as far as Chukwuemeka. The former Aston Villa man has plenty to do after picking up the ball on the left side of the box, but he cuts inside Soucek to fire a brilliant finish into the far corner! 1-1!
Chelsea will feel that goal had been coming. They have moved the ball nicely and almost got in behind on several occasions, but it took a moment of magic from Chukwuemeka to open West Ham up!
Chelsea are definitely on top now. Sterling is involved in another attack, which ends with Chilwell winning a corner on the visitors' left.
Fernandez's delivery is attacked by Colwill, but the former Brighton and Hove Albion loanee sends his downward header wide. That was a decent opening – West Ham's marking was lax!
Chelsea's equaliser has quietened what was a boisterous home crowd. West Ham look to build down the right, but Coufal's cross is headed away by Gusto.
Unlucky! That man Jackson darts in behind again, reaching the byline before cutting the ball back, but nobody is there to turn it home for Chelsea! The Blues come again, and Paqueta bizarrely lets the ball run behind for a corner to the visitors.
Paqueta is booked for petulantly kicking the ball away before the Chelsea corner, which comes to nothing.
Disasi follows Paqueta into the book after bringing Antonio down with a reckless challenge to prevent a West Ham break down the right.
CLOSE! Paqueta almost restores West Ham's lead with a left-footed volley, but he's just off-balance as he shoots and it drifts narrowly wide of the bottom-right corner.
Chelsea continue to threaten. Sterling looks to break in behind and put it on a plate for Jackson, but the winger is just offside from Fernandez's lofted pass.
Chukwuemeka just overruns the ball before diving into a challenge with Emerson, catching the former Chelsea full-back on the follow-through. The Blues goalscorer sees yellow for that offence.
PENALTY TO CHELSEA! West Ham cannot cope with Sterling! The winger sets off on a slaloming run, beating several West Ham challenges before Soucek brings him down. The Hammers midfielder looked to make contact just inside the area, though there will be a VAR review to check exactly where the foul took place.
The penalty stands! The review is swiftly over. Soucek fouled Sterling on the line, so Fernandez has a chance to put Chelsea ahead from the spot!
PENALTY SAVED BY AREOLA! Fernandez goes for the bottom-left corner, but his kick is at a comfortable height for Areola, who springs to his right to parry it away! It remains 1-1 at the London Stadium!
It's a big moment for Areola, who has been battling Fabianski for West Ham's number one shirt. In truth, however, Fernandez's penalty was poor, lacking power and placement.
Emerson goes into the book for a dreadful challenge on Sterling. This game is getting feisty as we approach the break!
We're into SIX additional minutes at the end of a thrilling first half in east London.
BIG CHANCE! Sterling has been exceptional here, and he sets up another clear-cut opportunity by darting past Emerson before cutting the ball back towards the penalty spot. Jackson misses it, before Chilwell sees his powerful effort blocked at close quarters. West Ham need half-time!
West Ham have been camped near their own penalty area for much of this first half. Chelsea are playing some fine football, but they need to start converting these chances.
Chelsea attack down the left again, but Soucek wins a foul off Chilwell to ease the pressure. Chelsea goalscorer Chukwuemeka then goes down, holding his knee.
Chukwuemeka is the third player with the initials CC to score a Premier League goal for a club beginning with C, after Chris Coleman for Crystal Palace and Carlton Cole for Chelsea and Charlton Athletic (own goals excluded). Pochettino will be hoping he can shake off this knock.
This does not look promising for Chukwuemeka. He is hobbling from the pitch as Mudryk prepares to take his place. It looks like being a sad end to a positive half for the former Villa winger.
Chelsea will not make the change prior to half-time, playing the final moments of this opening period with 10 men.
HALF-TIME: WEST HAM 1-1 CHELSEA.
John Brooks blows the half-time whistle, bringing the curtain down on a breathless opening period at the London Stadium. West Ham made a fine start as debutant Ward-Prowse saw his corner headed home by Aguerd, but Chelsea soon got on top, levelling when Chukwuemeka cut inside to fire past Areola. The Blues had a golden chance to go 2-1 up when Sterling won a penalty shortly before the break, but Fernandez's tame spot-kick was repelled by Areola. It's all to play for after the interval!
It's been another enterprising performance from Chelsea, who have enjoyed 78.9 per cent of the possession, penning West Ham back and racking up 11 shots, though only three have hit the target. Goalscorer Chukwuemeka looks unlikely to play on after suffering an injury shortly before the break, which could be a major blow for the visitors.
Chukwuemeka has not emerged following the half-time break. Mudryk, as expected, takes his place in the Chelsea frontline.
We're under way for the second half as Paqueta gets the ball rolling. West Ham will be looking for an improvement after spending much of the opening period under pressure.
Chelsea have started the second half as they ended the first, in control of possession. Gusto looks to link up with Sterling inside the area, but Emerson scrambles it clear.
Chelsea have won just five of their last 30 Premier League matches (D11 L14), their fewest wins across a 30-game span in the league since a run between December 1987 and October 1988. Can they complete the turnaround after responding well to Aguerd's opener?
More last-ditch defending is required from West Ham as Sterling looks to find Mudryk with a cutback from the right. Benrahma then goes up the other end and sends an angled effort across goal and wide, only for the flag to belatedly go up.
Some neat hold-up play from Jackson gets Chelsea on the front foot again as West Ham drop back into their shape. The former Villarreal striker has been very lively here.
There's movement on the Chelsea bench – it looks like the Premier League's most expensive player Caicedo is about to enter the fray.
GOOOOAAAAAAAAAL! ANTONIO RESTORES WEST HAM'S LEAD! What a finish from the Hammers striker! Chelsea are caught cold as Ward-Prowse's long ball finds Antonio running in behind. He shows great strength to hold off Disasi, before finding the bottom-left corner with a brilliant finish from the corner of the box! Out of absolutely nowhere, it's 2-1 to West Ham!
What a debut this has been for Ward-Prowse, who has his second assist! He capitalised on a loose bit of play from Chelsea to fire a ball over the top for Antonio, with Gusto playing the Irons striker onside.
The home fans are in fine voice. West Ham have spent much of this game defending for their lives, but Antonio's predatory finish on the break has them 2-1 up. Chelsea have it all to do again now!
West Ham have looked much more comfortable since retaking the lead, and Chelsea may need to shake things up. Caicedo's entrance appears to be imminent!
Sterling sets off on yet another dangerous run, with Emerson clipping the winger and conceding a free-kick near the corner of the box. The left-back is already on a booking – he needs to be careful.
Fernandez swings the resulting free-kick towards the back post, but a claret shirt gets there to head it clear as West Ham escape.
Caicedo replaces Chilwell for his Chelsea debut. That switch will surely mean a change of shape from the visitors.
What a challenge! Sterling looks to reach a throughball into the West Ham area, but Aguerd stretches out a leg to make a clean tackle, coming away with the ball when he had no margin for error!
West Ham are living dangerously! Sterling and Gallagher see close-range efforts blocked amid a scramble in the box, before Caicedo lashes a 20-yard strike over the crossbar. Chelsea continue to press.
Antonio finds Benrahma on the break, and Gusto is forced to concede a corner with a desperate sliding challenge on the Algerian. West Ham's counter-attacks have looked far more menacing in this second half.
Wide! Ward-Prowse's initial corner is cleared, but West Ham keep the pressure on and work the ball to Benrahma, who flashes a long-range strike wide of the bottom-left corner!
Ward-Prowse has become the first West Ham player to assist multiple goals on his Premier League debut for the club, with the Englishman being the 311th player to feature for the Hammers in the competition.
TWO YELLOW CARDS, AND AGUERD IS OFF! What is the defender doing? He slides in late on Jackson inside West Ham's half, sending the striker sprawling. Having already been booked, Aguerd gave the referee no choice, and he is sent for an early bath! West Ham will have to defend this lead with 10 men!
Having seen his team reduced to 10 men, Moyes sacrifices Benrahma. Ogbonna comes on to shore up West Ham's backline, with the hosts adopting a 4-4-1 shape.
How much of an impact with that dismissal have? West Ham had improved since retaking the lead, but Chelsea have 20 minutes plus stoppage time to find a response while playing with an extra man!
The crowd want a card shown to Gallagher following a trip on Paqueta. The midfielder avoids a caution, but needless fouls like those will only play into West Ham's hands now.
Jackson is booked for protesting the referee's decision to award a foul against Gallagher.
Moyes has never beaten Pochettino in the Premier League in five previous attempts (D4 L1). The only managers he has faced more often without winning in the competition are Pep Guardiola (11), Graham Potter (seven) and Mikel Arteta (seven). Is the Scot about to end that hoodoo?
Chelsea make another attacking change as Madueke replaces Gallagher.
Madueke, Mudryk and Sterling are now playing off Jackson as Chelsea adopt a 4-2-3-1 shape. Can they come from behind again in the final 15 minutes?
Moyes introduces Fornals in place of Antonio, who is set to be the match-winner if Chelsea cannot find another response.
Mudryk wins a free-kick on the left flank, which Fernandez plays short to Caicedo. The Ecuador midfielder eventually hoists a cross towards the back post, but Soucek clears with a powerful header.
Bowen does brilliantly on the break to hold off four Chelsea defenders, before seeing his powerful 25-yard drive held by Sanchez at the second attempt.
Wide! Colwill seizes on a loose ball to shoot from 25 yards out, but his half-volley skims off the surface and goes just wide of the bottom-right corner.
West Ham hand a debut to newly signed defensive midfielder Alvarez, with the former Ajax man replacing Ward-Prowse. He has had a debut to remember, teeing up both goals for the Hammers.
Sterling and Madueke link up on the right, with the latter seeing his cross deflect off Alvarez and go behind for a corner.
Twenty-year-old winger Burstow replaces Gusto as Chelsea throw another attacking player on.
West Ham clear back-to-back Chelsea corners, only for Sterling to keep the pressure on. He lifts a delicate cross into the six-yard box, but Ogbonna reaches it with a fine clearing header. The Blues come again, but Mudryk is flagged offside as he scoops a wild volley over.
Chelsea are running out of time to find a response here. For all their attractive approach play, they have not managed a single shot on target since half-time.
Colwill steps forward before conceding a cheap foul, allowing West Ham a valuable breather. The visitors have lacked composure against their depleted opponents.
That sums up Chelsea's second half. Sterling lays it off to Fernandez, who sends an aimless chip straight to Areola. The Argentine's first-half penalty miss looks likely to be pivotal here.
We will have a minimum of SIX additional minutes here! Can West Ham hang on?
ALMOST GAME OVER! Fornals breaks into the Chelsea area and bears down on Sanchez's goal. The substitute goes for the bottom-left corner from a tight angle, but Sanchez pokes out a foot to make a big save and keep the score at 2-1!
SO CLOSE! Madueke's shot deflects off a West Ham defender and is tipped narrowly wide of the bottom-right corner by Areola! It's all hands on deck for West Ham now as Chelsea load crosses into the area.
PENALTY TO WEST HAM! The hosts have a chance to kill off this contest as Caicedo concedes a spot-kick! Paqueta finds Emerson with a cheeky backheel and the Chelsea debutant clumsily bundles him over. It's a moment to forget for Caicedo, and Paqueta has a chance to make it 3-1!
GOAAAAAAAL! 3-1 TO WEST HAM, AND THE BRAGGING RIGHTS ARE THEIRS! Paqueta sends Sanchez the wrong way, planting his kick into the top-right corner. West Ham have been terrific since the break, and the three points are staying at the London Stadium!
'I'm forever blowing bubbles' rings around the London Stadum – West Ham are moments away from a memorable win over their rivals!
FULL-TIME: WEST HAM 3-1 CHELSEA.
It's all over at the London Stadium as 10-man West Ham clinch a memorable 3-1 derby win over Chelsea! The Hammers were fortunate to go into half-time all square after Chukwuemeka cancelled out Aguerd's opener and Fernandez saw a penalty saved by Areola, but they were electric in the second period. Antonio restored their lead with an outstanding finish on the break, and though Aguerd's second yellow card put the result in doubt, Paqueta made certain of the win with a late penalty following an error from Chelsea new boy Caicedo. What a win for Moyes' men!
That result lifts West Ham up to sixth in the nascent Premier League table, and the Hammers will look to continue their unbeaten start when they visit Brighton and Hove Albion next Saturday. Chelsea's wait for a first league win under Pochettino goes on, and they are next in action against Luton Town on Friday.
We hope you have enjoyed our live coverage of a thrilling Premier League clash from the London Stadium. It's goodbye for now, and we'll see you next time!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this fixture in the Premier League, as Wolves welcome Brighton and Hove Albion to Molineux on the second matchday of the season.
A narrow 1-0 loss to Manchester United in their first league game of the season saw Wolves denied a seemingly blatant penalty in the dying seconds, and Gary O’Neil’s men will be looking to use that decision to their advantage as they seek a first win of the season on home turf.
Brighton’s exploits on matchday one saw no such drama, dispatching Premier League new boys Luton 4-1 with three second-half goals, and currently sit a lofty second in the table behind Newcastle United going into their second game.
WOLVES (4-4-2): Jose Sa; Nelson Semedo, Craig Dawson, Maximilian Kilman, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Pedro Neto, Joao Gomes, Mario Lemina, Matheus Nunes; Fabio Silva, Matheus Cunha.
WOLVES SUBS: Daniel Bentley, Matt Doherty, Boubacar Traore, Hwang Hee-Chan, Hugo Bueno, Sasa Kalajdzic, Pablo Sarabia, Toti Gomes, Joseph Hodge.
BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION (4-2-3-1): Jason Steele; James Milner, Adam Webster, Lewis Dunk, Pervis Estupinan; Pascal Gross, Billy Gilmour; Solly March, Julio Enciso, Kaoru Mitoma; Danny Welbeck.
BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION SUBS: Bart Verbruggen, Igor Julio, Mahmoud Dahoud, Joao Pedro, Adam Lallana, Simon Adingra, Evan Ferguson, Jan Paul van Hecke, Joel Veltman.
Gary O’Neil makes just one change to his Wolves side ahead of this one, with Silva replacing Sarabia to partner Cunha up front. Sarabia could well appear from the bench though, with other striking talent amongst the subs including Hwang and Kalajdzic.
They say never change a winning team, but Roberto De Zerbi is clearly keen to build a winning squad with three changes made from Brighton’s 4-1 opening day victory. Webster, Gilmour and Enciso all come into the XI, replacing Van Hecke, Dahoud and Pedro, the latter two of which both made their debuts against Luton with Pedro scoring a second-half penalty.
The two teams head out onto a gloriously sunny Molineux pitch, and kick-off is just moments away in the West Midlands!
Welbeck kicks off for Brighton, and we're off and running at Molineux!
A buzzy start from Brighton allows Enciso space to surge through midfield, before he's shoved over by Neto and wins the first free-kick of the match.
March whips a teasing cross towards the back post with plenty of Seagulls closing in, but Sa does well to jump through the crowd and take the ball cleanly.
BALL IN THE NET!!! Wolves carve their way through, but are denied by the offside flag! Semedo's pull-back to Lemina sees the midfielder shoot from the edge of the box. A deflection skews the ball into Neto's path, but he's in an offside position as he slots it past Steele and the goal will not count!
Lemina loses out to Enciso on the edge of his own box, and the Brighton playmaker looks to release Welbeck. He finds the striker in the box, but Ait-Nouri steps in with a well-timed tackle to win possession back for Wolves.
Wolves have lost their last three straight Premier League games against Brighton, having been unbeaten against the Seagulls in the previous six encounters beforehand.
Mitoma wins a Brighton corner, but the delivery is poor and Semedo nods clear at the front post. Neto looks to burst clear on the counter, but Gross slides in to put the ball out over the sideline. However, Gross then knocks the ball away to prevent a quick throw-in, and in accordance with the ongoing crackdown on time-wasting, he's shown a yellow card by the referee.
Wolves haven't won their first home league game in any of their five seasons since returning to the Premier League in 2018, losing twice.
Brighton throw plenty of bodies forward as they look to create an opening, with Estupinan having their best chance to shoot before Lemina slides in to win the ball back for the hosts!
BLOCKED!!! Mitoma charges down the left flank as Brighton find their out-ball. He cuts inside and tees up Welbeck in the box, but a timely deflection on his shot takes it into the gloves of Sa!
GOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Oh my goodness, what an individual piece of brilliance!!! Mitoma is found on the left again, cuts inside Semedo and Lemina, races into the box past Dawson and Kilman, and calmly slots the ball beyond Sa's reach into the bottom corner!!! A sensational opening goal from the Japanese winger, and Brighton lead 1-0 at Molineux!
There didn't look to be much on when Estupinan passed inside to Mitoma, but the Brighton number 22 created something from nothing to net that magical opener.
Mitoma is on the fly again and charges up the left before finding Enciso in support. He's promptly clattered by a sliding Dawson, who is shown a textbook yellow card by the referee.
SAVED!! From the free-kick Gross shoots, looking to catch out Sa, but his fizzed ball through the crowd is read well by the goalkeeper, who is able to save and hold Gross' effort.
Cunha's run down the left is halted abruptly by Milner, who takes the Brazilian forward down as he's beaten on the inside and is soon shown a yellow by the referee.
Another booking coming, this time for Enciso, who kicks the ball away after being blown for offside and has the yellow waved at him by the referee, who is certainly giving no leeway to the players at the moment!
Wolves have failed to win any of the last nine Premier League matches in which they've conceding the opening goal, dating back to mid-February against eventually relegated Southampton.
Gilmour and Matheus get into a tangle on halfway, leading to a fracas involving both sets of players, but the rather card-happy referee prefers to give the pair a talking to rather than brandishing any further yellows!
Brighton have now scored 13 goals in their last four league games against Wolves, as many as they had in their previous 13 against them combined. They've twice netted three goals their previous two visits to Molineux.
Mitoma glides into open space down the left once more, and sets off on another mazy run into the box. Beating several defenders, he clips a lofted ball across the face of goal from the byline, but no blue and white shirts are present to turn the ball into the net!
Dawson sizes up a shot from range and tries his luck some 35 yards out, but his shot is always rising as it sails over the top!
SAVED!!! Good play from Wolves sees Cunha slip Silva into a huge gap behind Brighton's defence. Bearing down on goal, the forward attempts to place the ball into the near corner, but Steele stands his ground and makes a fantastic save to tip it wide!
It's been a fast and furious start to this game so far, with the opening half-hour seeing shots, saves and cards aplenty, with the highlight of course being that sensational opener from Mitoma.
Cunha breaks forward for Wolves before finding Matheus ahead of him in the box. The winger steps inside Webster before shooting, but can't direct his effort on target as he flashes the ball well wide of the far post!
Mitoma stands up the defence as he dribbles to the edge of the box, before teeing up Enciso. He shoots early from 20 yards, firing the ball just over for a Wolves goal kick.
Brighton have won their first away league game in each of the last four seasons. Only two teams have ever done so in at least five consecutive Premier League campaigns – Chelsea (five) between 2001-02 and 2005-06, and Manchester City (seven) between 2014-15 and 2020-21.
Silva and Neto combine as Wolves race into Brighton territory on the counter-attack. Neto is played into space on the right and shoots, but can only fire a difficult shot into the side netting and behind!
Neto cuts inside and whips an inviting cross towards the front post, which Silva is just inches away from nodding home before Steele dives to claim the ball!
OVER!!! A glorious chance spurned by Wolves! Silva appears trapped but does brilliantly to squeeze the ball into Ait-Nouri's path. Steele races off his line to close the gap, but the left-back can't direct his effort goalwards, firing a half-volley over the empty goalframe from close range!
Brighton have avoided defeat in their last five league matches when scoring the opener, last losing to Nottingham Forest in April as the Reds fought for survival.
A smart reverse ball into the area from Gilmour sends Mitoma into the clear again, but the goalscorer's cross into the middle is hacked clear by Kilman!
March takes on Ait-Nouri and drills a low cross towards the near post, where Kilman is again on hand to knock the ball well clear.
Enciso's attempted throughball to Mitoma in the box takes a slight deflection, allowing Sa an extra half-second to race out and smother the loose ball before the Brighton forward can latch onto it!
We're into two additional minutes at the end of this high-octane first half at Molineux - it's absolutely flown by so far!
CHANCE!!! Gross brings Estupinan into the attack with a well-weighted throughball, and the left-back's first-time cross looks dangerous. Enciso and Welbeck both stretch as the ball flashes across the face, but neither can get there and the ball goes behind!
HALF-TIME: WOLVES 0-1 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION.
An end-to-end 45 minutes of football comes to a halt, with Brighton leading thanks to an unbelievable goal from Mitoma. The Japan winger danced his way through half the Wolves team before a cool, cool finish, showing just why his stock has risen so high during his time on the south coast. Brighton had the majority of the early chances, with Welbeck and Gross both drawing saves from Sa, although Wolves had opportunities of their own, with Neto denied a goal by the offside flag, and a potential Silva equaliser denied by a brilliant Steele save. With chances galore at both ends, the second half looks set to be a cracker, so don't go anywhere!
Mitoma's opener was his only shot of the half, but he's been a crucial factor in all of Brighton's numerous chances so far. Eight touches in the box, as well as nine passes in the final third have seen him create two chances for team-mates, while he's also won three of his four duels, two of them dribbles, and a free-kick, as Brighton look to exploit the Wolves rearguard every time they switch the ball left.
We're back and ready for the second half, with Wolves first out of the tunnel and in dire need of an equaliser if they're to have any chance of saving this game!
Wolves kick off the second half with Neto, and we're back underway at Molineux!
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! How's that for a start to the second half? Brighton double their lead in lightning-quick fashion, as a cross-field ball from March is met by Welbeck. His half-volley is well saved by Sa, but Mitoma is on hand to collect the ball, laying it off for Estupinan to rifle home! The Seagulls fly out of the blocks, and just like that, now lead 2-0!
After a good save from Welbeck's initial shot, Mitoma could well have taken one on himself, looking to exploit Sa's positioning. Instead though, he looked for options, and found Estupinan on hand to slot the ball into the bottom corner and double Brighton's lead.
Estupinan and Mitoma have combined for both of Brighton's goals in this game, with each now having three combined goals and assists each in just two games this season. Livewires.
A long ball from Dawson towards Neto leaves Estupinan back-tracking under pressure, but Steele comes out of his box to avert the danger by volleying the loose ball clear.
GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! It's three, and boy are the Seagulls soaring now! A threatening Wolves chance is dealt with at one end, and Brighton set off on another rapid counter-attack. Gilmour's ball forward puts Enciso into acres of open space on the left, allowing him the time to cross into the box. with the outside of his foot, Enciso looks for March, who arrives from nowhere to beat Sa at the near post and slot the ball home for 3-0!
Enciso had far too much space to run into there, and found March with an inch-perfect ball right onto the boot of the Brighton goalscorer.
Enciso's certainly enjoying himself - the 19-year-old Paraguayan has now assisted three goals in just two Premier League appearances against Wolves.
GOOOOOAAALLL!!! They've got another, and it's March once again!! Boos ring around Molineux as Wolves are cut to pieces all too easily. Welbeck spreads play wide to Enciso, whose cross from the right is looking for March. He ghosts between the defenders to get to the ball first, prodding the ball in off the far post to make it 4-0, and leave the hosts with absolutely no way back into this one!
Another assist for Enciso, who combines with March yet again to pile on the misery for Wolves - this is very quickly becoming a rout.
Wolves need to change something, and do so in the striking department as Hwang Hee-Chan replaces Silva up top.
Gomes also comes off having been completely overrun in midfield, with Pablo Sarabia on to add another attacking outlet to this floundering Wolves side.
Brighton make changes of their own, as Welbeck is withdrawn for Joao Pedro to make his second Seagulls appearance.
The booked Milner also comes off for the Seagulls, with Joel Veltman taking his place to slot into the right-back position.
Enciso rides two challenges with such ease and attempts to play a one-two with Mitoma, but the winger's return ball to Enciso is overhit, allowing Sa to collect in the Wolves box.
Estupinan launches into a challenge with Semedo as the latter crosses, and is shown a yellow card for the foul which leaves both players in a heap on the edge of Brighton's box.
CHANCE!!! How have Wolves not pulled one back there? Sarabia's free-kick is headed onto the bar by Lemina at close range, and the ball spills out to Hwang. His header back across goal is met by Cunha, whose own aerial chance is tipped over by Steele at full stretch!
GOOOOAALL!!! Wolves do have one back!! Hwang meets Sarabia's corner with an excellent glancing header, which sails through the crowd to nestle in the far corner! Steele and Brighton are finally beaten, although it's still one hell of a long way back for Wolves with the scoreline still 4-1!
A good ball from Sarabia at the corner, and an even better header from Hwang. The substitutes have shown some quality there which has been severely lacking from Wolves in all other areas of the pitch so far.
Hwang needlessly follows through on a challenge as Veltman clears the ball up-field, and the Wolves goalscorer is shown a yellow card almost immediately after nodding in that header.
An offside decision goes against Brighton, which Pedro isn't happy about and voices his displeasure to the referee, which earns him a yellow card for dissent.
Enciso and Dawson are caught in a tangle on the near touchline, with the Wolves defender penalised and the Brighton playmaker staying down to receive treatment, allowing for a rare pause in this incredibly pacy game.
Enciso isn't able to shake that injury off, so his highly impressive performance ends on 67 minutes, with his replacement Evan Ferguson on to see out proceedings here.
A mid-air clash of heads between Kilman and Ferguson leaves the Brighton substitute worse off, and he leaves the field for a concussion check just as soon as he came on!
Dawson's been given a torrid time at the back thus far, coming off now for Tote Gomes as Wolves look to restore some late parity to the scoreline.
Kilman strides out of defence and tries to switch play to the left as Wolves counter, but the ever-energetic March races back to intercept his attempted throughball, denying Matheus a clear run at Veltman.
CHANCE!!! Cunha breaks down the right and fires a teasing cross towards Hwang at the far post, but Webster slides in well to scythe the ball behind and prevent a tap-in for the Wolves substitute!
BLOCKED!!! The initial Wolves corner is cleared, but Ait-Nouri fires the ball straight back into the danger area. Neto brings it down and is eventually able to carve out shooting space, but his powerful, low effort goes behind after a timely block from Ferguson!
SAVED!!! Steele's poor clearance is easily cut out by Sarabia, who brings the ball back towards the Brighton box. He cuts inside and shoots low, but Steele redeems himself by getting down to make the save and hold the ball!
Pedro retreats to receive the ball in midfield, but is tracked all the way and taken down by Matheus. A rather soft card to give, but that doesn't stop the referee, who brandishes the yellow for the eighth time in this game.
Since Roberto De Zerbi's first game in charge in October 2022, Brighton's Premier League games have seen more goals scored than any other side (119). Only Man City (74) and Arsenal (73) have scored more goals than the Seagulls' 69 in this time.
The frantic nature of this game's first 65 minutes has somewhat calmed in the last 15, however you still get the sense that another could come at any time, at either end.
More changes coming for Brighton, with Mahmoud Dahoud on for the consistent and creative Gross in the heart of their midfield.
Mitoma also comes off having run Wolves ragged on several occasions, and Adam Lallana will look to add some quality of his own in the final 10 or so minutes.
Pedro is intercepted on the edge of the box, but Estupinan is yet again there to cause problems down the left flank. He plays a one-two in the box with Lallana, before rattling a first-time shot from a tight angle into the side netting!
Estupinan whips a wicked cross into the centre with both Ferguson and Pedro after it, but Toti steps in to cut out the cross and temporarily avert the danger for Wolves!
March picks up possession and cuts inside from the right, drilling a low shot from the edge of the box into the waiting gloves of Sa!
CHANCE!!! Hwang and Ait-Nouri drive Wolves forward, with the goalscorer cutting through the lines on a surging run before teeing up his left-back. Ait-Nouri can't finish the chance off though, as Webster takes advantage of a heavy touch to hoof the ball clear!
That attempted shot is Ait-Nouri's last action of the game, as he's replaced by Hugo Bueno late on.
Matheus mis-controls the ball on the edge of the box and Pedro races away with it, before being stopped in his tracks by Kilman who is shown a booking for the blatant shove on the Brazilian.
Semedo and Neto combine to produce a scoring chance down the right for Wolves, but Webster steps across to put the ball behind for a late corner.
NINE added minutes in this second half, which is hardly surprising given how many goals, cards and stoppages we've seen!
Lemina has gone down holding his knee in the Brighton box, but after a short period on the deck, the Gabonese midfielder returns to his feet and we can get back underway.
BLOCKED!!! Cunha drives Wolves forward late on, playing a one-two in the box with Matheus before teeing up Bueno to his left. The substitute's first-time effort is blocked, and his second attempt skews away as Brighton survive a late onslaught from the hosts!
Second yellow, and Matheus is OFF! A shove on Webster from the Wolves winger leads to a scuffle between himself, Estupinan and Dunk, with the referee quickly intervening to calm tensions before giving Matheus his marching orders via a second yellow card!
Yellow Card Adam Harry Webster
The second half goes from bad to worse for Wolves, who will play out the remainder of stoppage time a man down following that brain explosion from Matheus. They looked to have re-gained some composure following Brighton's three-goal burst early in the half, but apparently nobody told their number 27!
Gilmour attempts to release Pedro for one last attack as he fires a cross-field ball over the top, but the substitute is offside and the linesman flags accordingly.
FULL-TIME: WOLVES 1-4 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION.
A sensational performance from Brighton sees them return to the south coast with all three points, scoring three quick-fire goals in the first 10 minutes of the second half. Mitoma and Estupinan combined to finish off a move that came just 41 seconds after the restart, before March got his name on the scoresheet twice in four minutes, slotting home two pinpoint passes from the impressive Enciso. Wolves did pull a goal back through Hwang's header, but a late red card for Matheus characterised a disjointed and dispassionate performance from the hosts, who were met with a chorus of jeers from their own fans at full-time.
The ever-dependable Solly March was absolutely everywhere for the Seagulls, flying up and down the field and twice popping up in the right place to finish off Enciso's superb crosses. As well as a brace, March managed five shots, with four on target, and attempted four crosses, creating one big chance. Winning six of his team-high 13 duels, March turned possession over on nine occasions via two tackles, three interceptions and four clearances, twice doing so in the final third to springboard Brighton's attacks.
With two wins from two, both by a scoreline of 4-1, Brighton top the Premier League table with the number six in both the points column and the goal difference one too. Roberto de Zerbi's side have started as they mean to go on, and some of the football on display will certainly spell danger for West Ham next time out. At the other end though, are Wolves, propping up the rest in 20th place with zero points and a goal difference of minus four. Brighton's three-goal burst in the second half was a mountain too high for Gary O'Neil's side to climb, and with Everton up next, Wolves need to ensure that their clear defensive frailties are addressed sooner rather than later.
That's all from us, we hope you enjoyed that game! The next one will come around soon, but until then, it's goodbye for now.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Bournemouth and Tottenham at the Vitality Stadium!
Spurs got their first win of the Ange Postecoglou era last weekend, beating Manchester United 2-0 at home to get all three points. They're looking to continue their unbeaten start to the season after drawing 2-2 with Brentford on the opening day. As for Bournemouth, they're still looking for their first victory since Andoni Iraola took charge. They earned a point against West Ham in their opener but came out on the wrong end of a 3-1 defeat at Liverpool last time out despite making a bright start.
BOURNEMOUTH STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Neto; Max Aarons, Illia Zabarnyi, Lloyd Kelly, Milos Kerkez; Ryan Christie, Joe Rothwell; Antoine Semenyo, Phillip Billing, Justin Kluivert; Dominic Solanke.
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Chris Mepham, David Brooks, James Hill, Lewis Cook, Ionut Radu, Hamed Traore, Kieffer Moore, Marcos Senesi, Jaidon Anthony.
TOTTENHAM STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Destiny Udogie; Pape Sarr, Yves Bissouma; Dejan Kulusevski, James Maddison, Son Heung-Min; Richarlison.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Manor Solomon, Emerson Royal, Fraser Forster, Ivan Perisic, Ben Davies, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Davinson Sanchez, Giovani Lo Celso, Oliver Skipp.
Iraola makes just two changes to the side that lost to Liverpool last Saturday. Kelly and Kluivert, who is making his first Premier League start, are both brought into the team to replace Senesi and Anthony, who drop to the bench. Cook is also available among the substitutes after recovering from a groin injury.
Postecoglou sticks with the same starting line-up that beat United last weekend. Maddison is fit to retain his place here, despite leaving the Tottenham Hotspur stadium on crutches after that game.
Spurs have won just one of their last nine Premier League away games (D3 L5), conceding in all of those matches since a 1-0 win at Fulham in January. They are, however, unbeaten in their last five trips to the south coast (W3 D2) since a 1-0 defeat at Brighton and Hove Albion in January 2021.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Christie gets the game underway for Bournemouth!
It's a nervy start for Spurs, who get caught trying to play out from the back. Maddison loses it to Semenyo on the edge of his own box and the winger pokes it through to Billing, but Van de Ven bundles it out for a corner.
It's a lovely link-up between Son and Maddison as they play a one-two to get the captain into the box. Son pulls it back from the byline towards Richarlison, but Kelly steps in to cut it out.
Bournemouth are pressing high up the field, but Spurs have the confidence to pass it around them. Maddison is chased into his own box, but he keeps his cool to play it out of trouble and set his side on the attack.
Billing forces Sarr into an error, and his wayward pass gifts possession back to Bournemouth. Kelly tries to pick out Semenyo with a big switch of play, but gets it all wrong and Spurs have the ball once more.
Maddison spins before taking aim at goal, and there are some shouts for a handball against Aarons as he blocks it. The shot deflected off Richarlison in front of him before striking his arm though, and nothing is given.
Bournemouth won 3-2 away from home the last time they faced Spurs in April last season, but the Cherries have never won consecutive league meetings with them before.
GOOD SAVE! It's a nervy moment at the back for Neto as his clearance is cut out by Son and he touches it into Maddison. He darts into the box before drilling a low shot across goal from the left, but the keeper gets down to deny him.
Spurs are starting to up the pressure here, but their final ball into the box is just letting them down. Sarr and Kulusevski both put good balls into the box, but Bournemouth are equal to it.
MADDISON SCORES! Bournemouth just couldn't clear their lines and Bissouma wins it back. His first thought is to get it to Sarr, who threads a lovely throughball into the box. Maddison times his run perfectly to stay onside, and helps the ball past Neto and into the bottom corner, despite Neto getting a hand to it. 1-0 Spurs!
Sarr has two Bournemouth defenders in front of him, but he gets his head up to spot Maddison's run and slides it through a gap in the Cherries defence.
Bournemouth are looking to make a quick response to going behind as they work it down their left. Kerkez jinks away from Porro so he can clip a cross into the middle, but it's just too high for Solanke.
The corner is swung into the box by Rothwell and he picks out Kelly, who rises highest at the far post. He nods it down into the middle, and Zabarnyi tries to hit it on the volley, but he completely misses the ball.
SAVE! Spurs break quickly once more, with Son driving down the left for Spurs. He pulls it back to Sarr on the edge of the box, and he tries to place his shot into the far bottom corner, but Neto holds it.
Vicario clears his lines, sending it long for Bissouma, who flicks it onto Kulusevski. He has a clear run into the box, but Kelly recovers well to get across and block his cross towards Richarlison.
Bournemouth are struggling to get into the final third here. They're playing well through midfield, but their passing is getting sloppy whenever they get close to the box.
Billing manages to find a pocket of space down the right and he slides it forward for Semenyo to chase. He checks back, leaving Sarr on the floor, before trying to curl a shot on goal, but Romero blocks it.
Sarr has stayed down after being caught in the face and he needs treatment. He's quickly back to his feet though, and will be able to carry on.
Bournemouth's biggest threat looks to be down their right side as Billing peels away from Udogie once more. He tries to look for Solanke through the middle, but he'd just strayed offside.
Bournemouth win a free-kick down the right and it's swung into the box by Christie. He curls a deep cross towards the far post and Billing rises to meet it, but he thumps his header straight at Vicario.
WHAT A CHANCE! The home fans want a free-kick on the edge of the D, but it isn't given and Spurs sprint forward on the counter. Maddison slides it into the box for Richarlison, who bundles it around Kelly before taking aim, but Rothwell throws himself in front of it.
It was Romero who slid in with the tackle on Semenyo at the start of that move, and the winger stayed down. He now receives treatment on his knee after the heavy challenge, but he'll be able to continue.
Maddison nicks the ball off Aarons and is then rugby tackled by the full-back so he can't get into the box. He steps up to the free-kick near the left byline and he whips it to Richarlison at the far post, but he heads it into the side netting.
GOOD SAVE! Semenyo brilliantly wins it back off Bissouma and touches it through to Christie. The space opens up for him so he puts his laces through it from distance, and Vicario has to stretch to tip it away.
Rothwell's latest corner is flicked away at the near post, but Christie keeps it alive on the far side. It's clipped back into the box by Zabarnyi, with Kelly flicking it on, but Billing's path is blocked by Van de Ven.
Maddison nicks it back in midfield once more and he spots Porro's run off the back of Christie. He plays a wonderful throughball into the box, but the full-back can't reach it on the stretch.
Richarlison has a free run down the right, but Kelly rushes across and slides in to stop him. He's late with the tackle though, and he's shown the first booking of the game.
Maddison has been involved in 18 goals in his last 20 away Premier League appearances (nine goals, nine assists), scoring one and assisting two in two away games for Spurs.
WIDE! Billing wins it back in the centre circle and switches it out to Kluivert on the left. He drives to the edge of the box before squaring it to Billing, who tries to curl it into the far post, but it flashes just wide.
HALF-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 0-1 TOTTENHAM.
Maddison's first goal for Spurs gives them a 1-0 lead over Bournemouth at half-time. He'd already had one shot well-saved by Neto early on, but he was alert and timed his run perfectly to get on the end of Sarr's throughball to help it into the back of the net to give Spurs the lead. Richarlison could've added to the lead but squandered a big chance. Billing almost levelled things on the stroke of half-time, but he whipped his shot just wide of the far post.
Postecoglou will be fairly pleased with what he saw in the first half - it took his side a while to settle down, but when they did they created some great chances. They just need to be more clinical. Despite struggling in the final third, Bournemouth have shown they're still a threat and can cause Spurs some problems with a bright start to the second half.
Bournemouth are making a change at the start of the second half. It's Rothwell that's taken off, with Cook on in his place.
Spurs get us back underway for the second half!
Bournemouth have made a bright start to the second half and they're putting Spurs under pressure. They work it out to Cook on their left and he curls a cross in, but can only pick out Bissouma.
The hosts win a free-kick on the left and Cook curls his cross into the box. Again, Spurs get a lot of men on the front post and they get enough on it to take it away from Billing at the far post.
Semenyo tracks back to win the ball back deep in his own half once more and he surges through the middle, riding a challenge from Bissouma in the process. He overhits the pass out to Kluivert, but the referee pulls it back for that foul anyway.
When the referee goes back to award the free-kick to Bournemouth, he also shows Bissouma a yellow card for the tackle.
Richarlison tripped over the ball when it was played into him, and in his frustration, he lunges in to stop Zabarnyi's run. He's booked for it.
It's slid into the box for Solanke, and he spins away from Van de Ven to get in on goal, but then unselfishly chooses to square it to the far post for Kluivert instead. The winger wasn't expecting it, and he can't make contact with it.
SO CLOSE! Again, Spurs are caught out by Bournemouth's attack from the left, and Kluivert lays it off to Semenyo on the edge of the box. He hits the shot first time, whipping it towards the near top corner, but it hits the side netting.
Spurs' first change of the game is a double one. Sarr is the first to make way, with Perisic on for him.
And Richarlison is also taken off for Hojbjerg.
Bournemouth are also making a double change here. Kluivert goes off for Anthony.
And Traore is brought on in place of Christie.
Spurs have struggled to get forward in the second half so far, but it's better for them here as they move it quickly down the right. Kulusevski squares it into the middle towards Son, but it's just behind the captain.
KULUSEVSKI SCORES! Udogie is afforded a lot of space down the left and he plays a one-two to get away from Aarons. He just manages to keep the ball in to square it into the six-yard box and none of the Bournemouth defenders tracks Kulusevski's late run as he darts in to poke it past Neto. 2-0 Spurs!
It's a great run by Udogie, and he stays alert as the return pass is played back to him so that he can stretch to stop it from going out of play.
That Spurs goal has rattled Bournemouth and they're struggling to regain their rhythm from before the substitutions were made. Spurs push forward through Udogie once more, but he can't pick out a team-mate this time.
SAVE! Bournemouth's high press pays off once more and Anthony sees the space open up ahead of him down the left. He's the furthest forward so has to go it alone, but his tame shot is straight at Vicario.
Van de Ven is down for Spurs holding his face after being caught by Solanke during an aerial challenge. His team-mates aren't happy that nothing was given, but a quick VAR check shows that the elbow wasn't intentional by the forward.
Aarons is down after an off-the-ball incident with Perisic. The Croatian was being held off and he wasn't happy about it, so he pushed the full-back. He has hold of Aarons' shirt and catches him in the face. A VAR check sticks with the yellow card decision.
There are changes for both sides, starting with Bournemouth. Semenyo is going off with Brooks on for him.
It's a double swap for Spurs. Maddison, who scored the opening goal, makes way for Skipp.
And Lo Celso is brought on in place of Bissouma.
Van de Ven slides in with a well-timed tackle to stop Solanke in his tracks, but Brooks keeps the move alive for the hosts. He switches it out to Anthony on the left, but he can't pick out a team-mate with his cross.
The rain is coming down heavily once more here as Spurs look to add to their tally again. Lo Celso tries to square it into Son, but Zabarnyi gets a vital toe in to take it back to Neto.
Udogie is down holding his face after being caught. He requires treatment, and Davies is getting warmed-up on the sidelines in case he's needed.
Udogie isn't going to be able to carry on, and he makes his way off the pitch with the medical team. Davies is on for him.
Kerkez's persistence wins a corner for his side off Hojbjerg, and Traore whips it into the box. It's too close to Neto though, and he punches it away.
Final roll of the dice for Bournemouth now as Moore comes on to replace Billing.
Spurs have had two players under the age of 21 (Sarr and Udogie) assist a goal in a Premier League game for the first time since December 2007 against Fulham (Tom Huddlestone and Aaron Lennon).
Spurs break quickly on the counter and Kelly can't keep pace with Kulusevski as he bursts down the right. He fizzes it into the middle, and Perisic leaves it for Son, only for Zabarnyi to cut it out in front of the South Korean.
Bournemouth are still pushing to try and pull a goal back here, but they just can't keep the ball in the final third. Solanke attempts to drive down the right, only to be cut off by Davies.
Spurs are back in possession, and they're happy to keep it in their own half for the time being as they attempt to see out stoppage time with a clean sheet.
OVER! It's sent long over the top for Porro, who nods it down to Perisic. He has space for a shot, but he pulls it back to Son instead, though he's surrounded. He touches it back to Davies, who does take aim, but he blazes it over.
WIDE! Bournemouth commit bodies forward again and it leaves them open at the back for Son to flick it onto Perisic. He has a free run into the box and fires a low shot across goal, but it rolls wide.
It opens up through the middle for Brooks, who slides it forward to pick out Solanke. Van de Ven tracks his run, so the forward unselfishly pulls it back to Anthony. He hits the shot first time but sends it looping high over the bar.
FULL-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 0-2 TOTTENHAM.
Spurs' unbeaten start to the season continues with a 2-0 victory over Bournemouth. Maddison gave them the lead in the first half with his first goal for the club, latching onto Sarr's throughball to help it past Neto. Bournemouth had chances to get back into it, with Billing and Semenyo both coming very close. Just as the hosts were looking to assert their dominance in the second half, Spurs got their second, with Kulusevski racing in to beat Neto from close range.
That's back-to-back wins for Spurs and it lifts them to the top of the table for now with seven points. Next up for them is a trip to Fulham in the EFL Cup second round. Bournemouth's search for their first win under Iraola continues, and they'll be hoping to get it against Swansea City in the EFL Cup in midweek.
That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to the live commentary of the Premier League clash between Arsenal and Fulham at the Emirates Stadium.
Arsenal are looking to maintain their perfect start to the season after winning their opening two games of the campaign. Mikel Arteta's men were forced to dig deep against Crystal Palace on Monday after Takehiro Tomiyasu was sent off early in the second half. The Gunners held out to secure the win courtesy of Martin Odegaard's penalty, and will now be looking for a third win on the bounce in their contest with the Cottagers.
Fulham opened their campaign with a 1-0 win on the road over Everton, but were pegged back last time out against Brentford on a day to forget for Marco Silva and his team. Tim Ream was sent off as the Bees left Craven Cottage with a 3-0 win as Bryan Mbeumo and Yoane Wissa got on the scoresheet. Fulham need to hit back, but have lost the presence of Aleksandar Mitrovic following his move to Al Hilal. Goals could now be an issue for the Cottagers this season and especially today.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): Aaron Ramsdale; Thomas Partey, Ben White, William Saliba, Jakub Kiwior; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Kai Havertz; Bukayo Saka, Leandro Trossard, Gabriel Martinelli.
ARSENAL SUBS: Gabriel Magalhaes, Gabriel Jesus, Emile Smith Rowe, Eddie Nketiah, Jorginho, Fabio Vieira, David Raya, Reiss Nelson, Oleksandr Zinchenko.
FULHAM (4-3-3): Bernd Leno; Kenny Tete, Issa Diop, Calvin Bassey, Antonee Robinson; Sasa Lukic, Joeo Palhinha, Andreas Pereira; Harry Wilson, Raul Jimenez, Bobby De Cordova-Reid.
FULHAM SUBS: Marek Rodak, Tosin Adarabioyo, Harrison Reed, Tom Cairney, Adama Traore, Rodrigo Muniz, Kevin Mbabu, Carlos Vinicius, Luke Harris.
Arsenal have made two changes to their side that beat Palace last time out. Kiwior comes into the side to replace the suspended Tomiyasu at left-back. Nketiah drops to the bench in the final third for Trossard, who forms a three-man front line with Saka and Martinelli. Jesus returns to the bench after missing the opening two matches due to injury.
Fulham also make two changes from their defeat to Brentford in their last outing. Bassey gets the nod to replace the suspended Ream in the heart of the back four. Palhinha returns to fitness in the middle of the park as he replaces Reed, who drops to the bench.
Arsenal have never lost a home league game against Fulham, winning 24 and drawing six of their 30 such meetings. It's the most one team has faced another at home without ever losing in English league history.
We're under way at the Emirates Stadium.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! PEREIRA POUNCES ON A MISTAKE FROM SAKA TO SCORE!!!!!! 1-0!!!!!! Saka plays an offload straight to Pereira, who takes on an early strike and catches Ramsdale off balance to find the back of the net. Saka is loose with his pass back towards White and Pereira seizes on the ball. He looks to chip Ramsdale off his line, and although he doesn't connect cleanly with his effort, it finds the bottom-left corner as the Arsenal keeper stumbles.
Pereira scored after just 0:57, the fastest goal in the Premier League this season.
WIDE! Martinelli collects Odegaard's cross-field pass and cuts in from the left flank to fire at goal. He curls an effort towards the far corner that drifts wide of the target.
Wilson is almost in behind the Arsenal defence down the right flank, but the offside flag goes up late against the winger.
Arsenal are looking for the switch to the left flank for Martinelli early and often. Tete holds his composure to halt his run on this occasion.
CHANCE! Saka forces a cross into the middle for Havertz to attack, but he cannot force his effort goalwards amid pressure from Diop. The goal was gaping for the Germany international.
White sends an early ball over the top for Havertz to chase, but the ball takes a favourable Fulham bounce into the hands of Leno.
SAVE! Lukic loses out to Partey and he feeds Trossard in the middle of the park. The forward finds Martinelli on the left flank and he cuts inside to fire at goal, only to see his effort saved by Leno.
Saka combines with Rice down the right flank and fires the ball across the face of goal, but Havertz is on his heels and fails to convert the opening.
SCRAMBLE! A corner from Odegaard pinballs around the Fulham box, but the visitors hold firm with important blocks to deny Martinelli.
Jimenez brings down Saka with a loose challenge and goes into the book.
BLOCK! Saka tries to catch out Leno with a low curling strike from the resulting free-kick, but Robinson is well placed to divert it over the top.
CLOSE! Jimenez almost extends Fulham's lead with a brilliant scissor kick at goal, but the ball drifts inches wide of the target. White fails to clear a hopeful ball forward from Pereira and allows Jimenez to connect with his acrobatic attempt that just misses.
De Cordova-Reid breaks on the counter for the visitors and feeds Jimenez, who sees his effort deflected wide of the target for a corner.
Pereira's corner pinballs around the Arsenal box and several white shirt fling boots at the loose ball, but no one can connect to force Ramsdale into action.
WIDE! Wilson collects Pereira's offload after a mistake by Saliba. He is afforded space and time, but his left-footed strike creeps just wide of the right post.
Rice has to be alert in the middle of the Arsenal box to direct Wilson's low ball from the right flank away from Pereira.
SAKA MISSES A SITTER! The forward should level the scores as he latches onto Trossard's deep cross from the left flank at the back post, but he nods his effort into the ground and over the bar.
SAVE! Saka wins the ball back high up the pitch and Arsenal swarm forward. Trossard sends Martinelli into the inside-left channel and he fires low and hard towards the bottom-left corner. Leno reads the danger and makes a solid stop.
Arsenal have conceded inside the first minute in three of their last nine Premier League matches at the Emirates Stadium (vs Bournemouth, Southampton and Fulham).
Arsenal are playing a very high line and it's handing Fulham a lot of space to hit on the break. Saliba has to make an important challenge to nip in ahead of Pereira.
Fulham are denying Arsenal space through the middle and are forcing them wide into the channels. It's all on Martinelli and Saka for the hosts.
Odegaard has the ball in the back of the net with a fine finish, but the goal is disallowed for offside against Havertz in the build-up. The German was well beyond the last man.
SAVE! Saka works the ball back to Odegaard to unleash a strike at goal from 25 yards that Leno watches safely into his hands.
Robinson slips to allow Saka to break into the box, but Palhinha is on guard to fend off Saka and concede only a corner.
There will be two minutes of added time.
HALF-TIME: ARSENAL 0-1 FULHAM
Fulham are 45 minutes away from securing their first win on the road against Arsenal after taking a 1-0 lead into the break in their Premier League clash. Andreas Pereira fired the Cottagers ahead after 57 seconds capitalising on a mistake from Bukayo Saka. The Gunners pressed for an equaliser through Gabriel Martinelli and Martin Odegaard, but the visitors held firm at the back to frustrate the Gunners.
Arsenal seemed to be affected by their early lapse and were perhaps guilty of trying too hard in the final third to craft out the perfect chance. The Gunners have had plenty of possession, but have lacked a clinical edge. Fulham have looked dangerous on the break and are a threat to get a second that would take the contest away from the hosts.
Trossard makes way for Nketiah at the break for the hosts.
We're back under way in the rain at the Emirates Stadium.
SAVE! Saka twists and turns down the right flank and opens up space for a strike that Leno holds with strong hands.
Saka causes further problems down the right flank and forces a low ball across the face of goal, but there's no one there to convert the opening.
Bassey goes into the book for time-wasting for the visitors.
WIDE! Havertz gives the ball away and it allows Fulham to break forward with pace. De Cordova-Reid cuts inside to shoot on his right foot, but sends his effort wide of the right post.
Havertz's poor game continues for the Gunners as he is caught offside in the final third. The German has had real problems with his rhythm today.
Partey is withdrawn by Arteta for Zinchenko, which will slide all the defenders slide one place across. So, White will operate at right-back.
Havertz has had a poor afternoon and is now replaced by Vieira.
Odegaard lines up a blast from distance and his effort travels at pace towards goal, but Leno watches it all the way into his hands.
CHANCE! White releases Odegaard into the inside-right channel and he cuts back to shoot on his left foot, only to lift his effort over the top.
Pereira is down on the field for the visitors and requires treatment. He may have to make way here.
Cairney replaces the goalscorer Pereira in the Fulham midfield.
Nketiah and Martinelli both send cutbacks into the middle from the right and left, but Lukic gets back to make an important clearance ahead of Vieira.
Lukic brings down Zinchenko on the charge and goes into the book.
PENALTY TO ARSENAL! Tete lunges in on Vieira with a reckless challenge in the box. The referee has an easy decision to make and points to the spot.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! SAKA CONVERTS!!!! Saka takes the ball instead of Odegaard, who scored from the spot on Monday, but has no problem converting from 12 yards. He is forced to wait for a VAR check and a complaint by the referee for the ball placement on the spot. However, he nails his left-footed strike into the bottom-right corner. Arsenal are level.
Lukic is withdrawn from the Fulham midfield and is replaced by Reed.
Wilson makes way for Traore on the right flank.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! NKETIAH FIRES ARSENAL AHEAD!!!!!! 2-1!!!!! Nketiah scores, but Fulham are furious as Bassey is down on the field while the goal is scored. Bassey is involved in a tussle with Saka that leaves him on the deck. Arsenal play on as Vieira sends a pinpoint cross into the box from the left flank that Nketiah steers past Leno with an outstretched boot.
Vieira fires a perfect low cross into the Fulham box for Nketiah to convert with a fine finish.
Rodak is booked on the bench for the visitors in his appeal to the fourth official about Nketiah's goal.
Silva is furious on the bench and is shown a yellow card by referee Paul Tierney.
Arsenal have turned the game on its head, and it's Vieira who has made the decisive impact from the bench.
Saka tries to bundle his way past Robinson and Bassey in the inside-right channel, but the Cottagers do enough to halt his progress.
Leno takes a risk on the edge of his own box gathering a bouncing ball that almost drags him out of his area. The keeper remains just inside his box.
Odegaard releases Nketiah in the Fulham half and he looks for the run of Martinelli in behind. Diop is alert to make a vital interception.
OFF! Bassey blocks off Nketiah on a counter and collects his second yellow card and then a red. He was already walking off after the challenge.
Jorginho replaces Odegaard in the Arsenal midfield for the closing stages.
Traore surges down the right flank and wins a corner for the visitors off the legs of Rice.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! PALHINHA EQUALISES!!!!!!!!!!! 2-2!!!! Fulham equalise late in the game through a fine finish from Palhinha. Reed swings a perfect cross into the box from the right flank that evades the first Arsenal defender. Palhinha strikes the ball first-time on his right foot and sends it away from Ramsdale into the bottom-left corner.
Reed angles a corner into the box from the right flank for Palhinha to shoot first-time and score.
De Cordova-Reid makes way for Adarabioyo to shore up the back for the visitors.
There will be nine minutes of added time.
Nketiah probes in the final third and cuts inside, but his effort is charged down by the Fulham rearguard.
Jesus replaces Rice for stoppage time.
Vieira is offside as he connects with a perfect overhead kick at the back post. It was saved anyway, but it was a nice effort from the Arsenal midfielder.
Arsenal are encamped in the Fulham half and are putting the Cottagers under severe pressure.
SAVE! Arsenal are caught napping after Vieira handles the ball after he doesn't get a free-kick. Traore is played behind the Arsenal defence and surges past Saliba, who puts in a desperate lunge and misses, only to see his effort blocked by Ramsdale. Almost a winner at the death for the visitors.
SAVE! Vieira cuts inside from the right flank and bends a powerful strike on his foot at goal, but Leno holds firm and touches it over the top.
CLOSE! Nketiah heads the ball across the face of goal from Saka's corner. It almost falls for Kiwior, but Diop reacts first and edges it away from the Arsenal man for another corner.
Tete is booked late on.
FULL-TIME: ARSENAL 2-2 FULHAM
Joao Palhinha's strike earned Fulham a share of the spoils in a 2-2 draw against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium. Andreas Pereira fired the visitors ahead after 57 seconds capitalising on a mistake from Bukayo Saka. It took until after the break for Arsenal to respond as Saka scored from the penalty spot after Fabio Vieira was fouled in the box. Eddie Nketiah then converted a cross from Vieira to put the Gunners ahead. Calvin Bassey was then dismissed for the visitors for two bookable offences. But, the Cottagers didn't give up and earned a valuable point as Palhinha swept home Harrison Reed's corner.
Arsenal face Manchester United in their next outing at home next Sunday. Fulham are in EFL Cup against at home to Tottenham on Tuesday.
Thanks for joining our commentary today. Until next time, goodbye.
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this London derby in the Premier League. It’s west v south, as Brentford host Crystal Palace at the Gtech Community Stadium.
A strong start to the season has seen Brentford pick up four points, drawing 2-2 with Spurs on the opening day before thumping neighbours Fulham 3-0 at Craven Cottage. A third successive inter-city derby for the fourth-placed Bees gives them the chance to continue that impressive run, with the absence of Ivan Toney doing little to dent their free-scoring attack.
A deserved 1-0 defeat of Sheffield United gave Palace a perfect start to the season, however the Eagles’ first home game saw them lose by the same scoreline to a 10-man Arsenal side, who survived a barrage of late pressure to escape Selhurst Park with all three points. Roy Hodgson’s men will look to get back to winning ways in this game though, having drawn both meetings with Brentford 1-1 last season.
BRENTFORD (4-3-3): Mark Flekken; Aaron Hickey, Nathan Collins, Ethan Pinnock, Rico Henry; Mathias Jensen, Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt; Bryan Mbeumo, Yoane Wissa, Kevin Schade.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Ellery Balcombe, Zanka Jorgensen, Frank Onyeka, Kristoffer Ajer, Keane Lewis-Potter, Mads Roerslev, Yehor Karmolyuk, Michael Olakigbe, Ethan Brierley.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-2-3-1): Sam Johnstone; Joel Ward, Joachim Andersen, Marc Guehi, Tyrick Mitchell; Jefferson Lerma, Cheick Doucoure; Jordan Ayew, Eberechi Eze, Jeffrey Schlupp; Odsonne Edouard.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: Remi Matthews, James Tomkins, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Nathaniel Clyne, Chris Richards, Naouirou Ahamada, John-Kymani Gordon, Jairo Riedewald, Jesurun Rak-Sakyi.
Brentford name an unchanged XI following their impressive 3-0 win over Fulham, with Yoane Wissa and Bryan Mbeumo, who scored the opener and a second-half brace respectively last time out, leading the line alongside Kevin Schade for Thomas Frank’s side here.
Palace’s side is also unchanged for the third game running. After so very nearly taking a point off Arsenal at Selhurst Park, Roy Hodgson is clearly looking to develop the combinations for success in his team – many of which are built around Eberechi Eze, who starts in his usual number 10 position despite transfer interest from Manchester City.
'Hey Jude' rings around west London as the teams enter the pitch, and we're ready and raring to go ahead of kick-off here!
Edouard gets proceedings underway for Palace, kicking off the latest of several London derbies so far this season!
All four Premier League meetings between Brentford and Crystal Palace have ended in draws – no pair of teams have ever drawn their first five consecutive meetings in the competition’s history.
Andersen retreats with the ball after Wissa is caught offside, but the linesman takes a fair while to actually raise his flag and the Brentford striker almost escapes through on goal!
Brentford have won six of their last eight Premier League games, and have lost just one of the last 16 they've played at the Brentford Community Stadium.
Brentford keep possession well and the ball comes to Hickey on the right-hand side. He looks to cut inside Schlupp but is bowled over by the Palace winger, who concedes a free-kick in a good crossing position for the Bees.
Jensen floats the free-kick into the box early, looking to catch Palace out, but Guehi reads his intentions well and hooks the ball clear.
CHANCE!!! Palace pile forward on the counter-attack as Eze glides his way through several challenges. He finds Ayew, who slips Edouard in behind the defence, but after stepping in and out of Pinnock's attempted tackle, the Brentford defender recovers to dispossess the striker in the box and Flekken can dive on the loose ball!
Mitchell slides into challenges with both Norgaard and Hickey, coming away with the ball and releasing Edouard. He charges down the left flank and looks for Eze to his right, but overhits the final pass and the chance goes begging!
Crystal Palace are aiming to win their opening two away games in a top-flight campaign for just a third time, previously doing so in 1997-98 and 2015-16.
A loose touch from Jensen in midfield allows Eze to race away with the ball before shooting, but the first attempt on goal we've seen so far is tame enough for Flekken to hold without breaking sweat.
Palace have won just four of their last 31 London derbies in the Premier League after losing 1-0 to Arsenal last time out. Only one of those wins has come away from home, against West Ham in November 2022.
A smart ball from Norgaard releases Mbeumo down the right, but the Bees forward's cross on the fly is too close to Johnstone and the Palace goalkeeper collects.
GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!!! What a strike that is!!! The third prong of Brentford's attack pops up with a beauty after receiving a cross-field ball from Norgaard. Picking up the ball on the left, the German striker cuts inside and darts past Ward on the byline, before curling a firecracker of a shot beyond Johnstone and into the far corner! 1-0 to the Bees, and that finish certainly had some sting behind it!
Norgaard's ball from right to left was incisive, but certainly gave Schade a lot to do on his way to goal. Thankfully for the home side though, he was able to create something from nothing and give them the lead!
Schade nets his first of the season with Brentford's first goal of 2023-24 NOT scored by Wissa or Mbeumo, and it's the 15th home game in a row that the Bees have breached their opponents' defence.
WIDE!! Mitchell's hanging cross from the left is dealt with by the hosts, but Andersen returns serve from the opposite side. Ayew meets his cross with a glancing header towards the bottom corner, but Flekken can safely watch it bounce wide of the far post!
BLOCKED!!! Eze is released on the counter for Palace and cuts inside both Collins and Norgaard on his way to the edge of the box. With Brentford seemingly at sixes and sevens, he shoots, but Henry is back there to block the effort away!
Palace have failed to any of their last three league matches after conceding the opening goal, dating back to an April victory over West Ham.
Schade stays down following a clash with Ayew as play continues in Palace's half. Brentford soon get the free-kick they were after though, as Wissa is clipped late by Doucoure.
From the free-kick, Palace clear and Eze threatens to race away on the break once more, but Collins retreats in time to pinch the ball back for Brentford.
The rain has certainly arrived now - a storm brewing for a while prior to kick-off finally hits, and it's big coats all round as the heavens open above the Gtech Community Stadium.
Brentford have lost just one of their last 12 home league games against Crystal Palace, going down 3-0 on Christmas Day in 1957.
Schade spreads play wide to Henry, whose cross from the left strikes the back of Lerma and goes behind for the game's first corner.
Guehi tries a cross-field pass to the right, but neither Ward nor Ayew is making the run he wanted and the ball sails over the sideline.
OVER!!! A glorious chance for the hosts to double their lead! The Brentford corner is swung in and flicked on by Schade at the front post. Wissa is unmarked at the back, but can't direct his header on target as it loops over the top!
Andersen fires successive passes into Brentford's area, but the first is too high for Edouard to control and the second sails over Mitchell's head to go behind for a goal kick.
Norgaard flies in on Ayew at pace, catching the Ghanaian from behind and getting nowhere near the ball. The Bees captain was lucky to avoid a card there!
BLOCKED!! After a patient Palace attack is cut out, Wissa charges into open space with the ball at his feet. Reinforcements eventually arrives and the ball comes to Mbeumo, who cuts inside from the right and sees his low shot blocked and cleared by Mitchell!
WIDE!!! Ward concedes a late corner, which is whipped into the centre at pace by Jensen. Collins is the target and the Ireland defender glances a bullet of a header towards the far corner, but can only watch as it flies wide of the post by mere inches!
We're into a solitary minute of added time as this end-to-end first half draws to a close in west London.
Mitchell's looping cross from the left is easily caught by Flekken, and that should be that for the first 45 minutes of this game.
HALF-TIME: BRENTFORD 1-0 CRYSTAL PALACE.
A half high on intensity but low on final-third quality comes to an end, with the one piece of attacking prowess we've seen providing the difference at the break. Schade's wonderful opener saw him dance through Palace's defence before curling the ball home to score a goal worthy of winning any game. We've seen very little in the way of chances since though, with only Eze having a shot blocked on the break for Palace, and Wissa and Collins both missing with headers that would've put the home side firmly on top here.
Schade's goal was right out of the top drawer, and the German striker was a problem for Palace throughout that first half. His sensational strike has just 0.05 xG behind it, while he's also managed five and seven final-third entries and passes respectively, as well as attempting two dribbles and three aerial duels. No Toney? No problem.
We're back ahead of the second half, and can Brentford make the most of their advantage to continue an unbeaten start to the season?
Janelt gets us back underway at the Gtech Community Stadium, with the second half off and running!
The Bees race into an immediate attack to open the half, as Schade's darting run and cross from the byline sees the ball hooked clear by Mitchell!
Schlupp and Norgaard get into a tangle on the edge of Palace's box, with the free-kick going Brentford's way. The set-piece is eventually taken, with a pre-planned move not paying off as intended but still forcing a corner.
Mbeumo fires in the corner from the right with Henry arriving at the front post, but the Bees left-back can't keep his header down and behind it goes!
Wissa has stayed down following a clash of heads with Andersen, and the Brentford striker comes off for further assessment as play is halted by the referee.
Eze, Edouard and Mitchell link up nicely as Palace come forward at pace, but the latter's cross is poor and sails over the top of any intended targets!
BLOCKED!!! Ayew dribbles his way into a crowded Brentford box before shooting, but he's completely surrounded by red and white shirts and Henry's block sends the ball behind for a corner!
Palace transition from defence to attack brilliantly as Edouard and Eze combine, but the midfielder finds his way blocked by a plethora of Brentford defenders and he can't get a shot away before being dispossessed!
Schlupp charges up the middle on the break for Palace, and again finds Eze in support. He cuts inside and looks to shoot early, but his effort skews well off-target and ends up closer to the corner flag than the goal itself!
Brentford have won each of the last three Premier League matches they've lead at half-time, last tasting defeat in April against Newcastle.
Andersen and Jensen clash in mid-air as Palace attempt cross after cross into the hosts' box, and it's Jensen who has come off worse, with the Dane staying down and holding his head.
Jensen eventually gets back to his feet and heads to the sideline for a concussion check, and here's hoping that he'll be able to continue.
Brentford have lost just five of their 23 Premier League matches in 2023, winning 11, with Manchester City the only ever-present team to lose fewer this year so far (three).
It's been one hell of a battle between Ward and Schade so far, and the two get into another tangle on the touchline which results in a Palace free-kick.
CHANCE!! Mitchell floats a ball into the box which is brought down by Eze, however Collins nips in to knock the ball away just as the Palace playmaker was about to pull the trigger!
SAVED!!! Cat-like reactions from Flekken! Hard running from Ayew engages defenders aplenty and leads to a Palace free-kick, which is struck goalwards by Edouard and parried over the top by the Brentford 'keeper!
WHAT A PAIR OF SAVES!!! From a Palace corner, Lerma's bullet header is somehow clawed off the line by Flekken, who then reacts brilliantly to block Ayew's close-range follow-up behind for another corner!
Here come the first changes for both teams, with Palace's seeing Edouard replaced up top by Jean-Philippe Mateta.
Schlupp also comes off, with Roy Hodgson introducing Naouirou Ahamada to play off the left for the Eagles.
Brentford's first change sees Frank Onyeka enter the fray, replacing Jensen at the heart of the hosts' midfield.
Ayew cuts inside and hooks an inviting ball towards the back post. Mateta is the target, but the towering Palace substitute can't quite get there as the ball flies behind for a goal kick!
BLOCKED!!! A woeful Ward touch allows Schade to race in behind the Palace captain and into the box. The goalscorer looks to cut the ball back across goal, but Ward recovers brilliantly to put it behind for a corner!
GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! The Eagles equalise!! Palace creep further and further forward as they keep possession on the edge of Brentford's box. Andersen picks it up and plays a one-two with Ayew, racing in behind and squeezing the ball beneath the onrushing Flekken to cross the line! A stroke of good fortune for the defender, but no less than Palace deserve, and as we head into the final throws of this game, its 1-1!
Ayew's presence in the final third has pulled Brentford's defence all over the place in this game, and standing up Henry in the box allowed Andersen to rush in behind the left-back and somehow squeeze the ball home.
While Ayew has attempted five shots in this game, his most in the Premier League since February 2020, and the five chances Andersen has created is his own record in the top-flight, their roles were reversed for Palace to lock the game up.
WIDE!!! Andersen picks out Ayew with a brilliant lofted throughball, but the forward can't find the target as he brings the ball down and fires it across the face to no-one!
Brentford goalscorer Schade comes off as we enter the final 10 minutes of this game, with Keane Lewis-Potter looking to make a similar impact as full-time ticks ever closer.
Mateta and Pinnock both slide to get on the end of a throughball into Brentford's box, and the Bees centre-back is left on the deck as the ball skews away from danger!
CHANCE!!! Henry steps inside and sends Janelt down the left byline, but his cross is cut out and put behind by Lerma, arriving on the edge of the six-yard box from nowhere!
Another clash in the air involves Andersen, but this time the Palace defender is left on the turf following Lewis-Potter's challenge. He's soon back to his feet though, and has certainly put himself about in this game!
BLOCKED!!! A wild Brentford chance goes begging! Onyeka's cross from the right is met on the volley by Janelt, but his ambitious, acrobatic effort strikes Lewis-Potter and bounces behind for a goal kick!
Palace have won three of their six Premier League away matches since Roy Hodgson’s return to the club. From the first of those away games – a 5-1 demolition of Leeds in April – to now, only Liverpool (11) have more away Premier League points than Palace's 10.
WIDE!!! Nearly an own-goal for the ages from Brentford! Lerma's in-swinging cross from the left strikes Norgaard, whose attempted header clear skews back towards his own posts and bounces inches wide with Flekken beaten!
BLOCKED!! The corner is cleared, but back come Palace as Ayew feeds Eze in the box. He shoots, but the packed Bees defence prevails and Henry gets the final touch to send the ball behind for another corner!
We'll play five additional minutes in west London, which at the pace we've seen this game played at, is more than enough for either side to find a late winner!
CHANCE!!! Ward's challenge on Janelt sends the ball back into the danger area, and Guehi has to race across to put the ball behind and prevent Lewis-Potter from going one-on-one with Johnstone!
CHANCE!!! Mbeumo barges his way forward before hooking a cross back from the byline. It bounces kindly for Henry on the edge of the box, but he takes a heavy touch and races after the ball. Ward gets in the way and takes the Bees left-back down, but the referee awards the hosts a corner rather than the penalty Henry was demanding!
BLOCKED!!! Mbeumo's reverse ball into the area is brought down skilfully by Onyeka, but his Guehi gets in the way of his half-volley to bail Palace out once again!
Brentford launch one last attack as Mbeumo finds Hickey running through with an inside ball, but the full-back's shot sails beyond the side netting as the full-time whistle goes!
FULL-TIME: BRENTFORD 1-1 CRYSTAL PALACE.
It's all over in west London, with the spoils shared at the end of a fiercely contested game. Andersen's equaliser 14 minutes from time came following a plethora of chances for Palace, and from then on, the two sides traded in unsuccessful efforts to find a winner. Brentford couldn't follow up Schade's first-half screamer with another goal, although Janelt, Mbeumo and Onyeka all had the opportunity to do so. Palace, meanwhile, forced a series of world-class saves from Flekken, with Edouard, Lerma and Ayew all denied to ensure the spoils were shared.
Ayew was a constant threat in the final third for Palace, and laid on the back-heeled pass for Andersen's eventual equaliser. The Ghana forward managed five total shots, albeit with just one on target, and that assist for Andersen was one of three chances created. With the ball at his feet, Ayew contested a game-high 21 duels, winning 11, as well as engaging in seven dribbles and winning possession on five occasions. He also won four free-kicks, conceding three himself, in a game which despite having a fair few stoppages, left us out of breath just trying to keep up!
A point apiece in this end-to-end London derby means Brentford's unbeaten start to the season continues, and the Bees sit sixth with five points from three games ahead of their next game against Bournemouth. Palace have now won, lost and drawn one game each in 2023-24, and are 10th in the table prior to facing Wolves at Selhurst Park next up.
That's all from us, we hope you enjoyed the game! Until the next one, it's goodbye for now.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Brighton and Hove Albion and West Ham at the Amex Stadium.
After qualifying for European football for the first time ever by finishing sixth last season, the Seagulls have started this campaign in similarly impressive fashion with a pair of 4-1 victories, at home to newly promoted Luton Town and then away at Wolves. Back on home soil, they will be looking to make it three wins from three and move themselves top of the Premier League in the process, until Sunday at least.
The Hammers will also look back fondly on last term after winning the Europa Conference League, though that masked a poor Premier League campaign in which they recorded a 14th-placed finish, their lowest since the 2019-20 season. However, a positive start has seen them draw at Bournemouth and claim a stunning 3-1 victory over Chelsea, and Irons fans will be hoping to continue their unbeaten start here.
BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION (4-2-3-1): Bart Verbruggen; James Milner, Adam Webster, Lewis Dunk, Pervis Estupinan; Pascal Gross, Billy Gilmour; Solly March, Evan Ferguson, Kaoru Mitoma; Danny Welbeck.
SUBS: Joel Veltman, Mahmoud Dahoud, Facundo Buonanotte, Joao Pedro, Adam Lallana, Jan-Paul van Hecke, Igor, Jason Steele, Simon Adingra.
WEST HAM (4-1-4-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Kurt Zouma, Angelo Ogbonna, Emerson; Tomas Soucek; Jarrod Bowen, James Ward-Prowse, Edson Alvarez, Lucas Paqueta; Michail Antonio.
SUBS: Pablo Fornals, Lukasz Fabianski, Ben Johnson, Aaron Cresswell, Divin Mubama, Danny Ings, Maxwel Cornet, Said Benrahma, Thilo Kehrer.
Roberto De Zerbi makes two changes from the win at Molineux as Verbruggen comes in for his Premier League debut between the sticks with Steele dropping to the bench, while Ferguson replaces the injured Julio Enciso.
David Moyes also goes with a pair of alterations from his team's last outing as Ogbonna starts in place of Nayef Aguerd, who was sent off against Chelsea after receiving two yellow cards. Alvarez also makes his full debut in place of Benrahma.
The two teams make their way onto the pitch ahead of what should be another exciting Premier League encounter!
Brighton kick us off and we are underway at the Amex Stadium!
An early chance for the visitors goes begging as a long throw ends up bouncing to the back post for Paqueta, who blazes over from close range.
It has been a lively start as both teams look to get on the front foot, which bodes well for the neutral.
CHANCE! Paqueta shows his class by playing a perfectly weighted throughball for Antonio, who decides to send a first-time effort towards goal. However, the forward's strike does not have the power to trouble Verbruggen, who makes a comfortable save.
The visitors have now had two decent chances despite not having much of the ball in the opening period of this game. De Zerbi's men will have to tighten up at the back.
A marauding run from Antonio takes him all the way into the Brighton box, but he is eventually slowed down before Estupinan forces him out of play. The Hammers striker is looking lively, though.
The Seagulls have lost none of their 12 Premier League meetings with West Ham (six wins, six draws) – it is both the most they have faced a side without ever losing and the most the Hammers have faced a side without ever winning in the competition.
Paqueta theatrically goes down clutching his face after being caught with a stray arm by Milner, though he is up and okay to continue.
CLOSE! A sweeping Brighton move sees a diagonal ball brought down excellently by Estupinan before the full-back tees up Gilmour to strike towards goal. The effort is powerful and has Areola scrambling, though the ball flies the wrong side of the post for the hosts.
Brighton have had 88 per cent of the possession so far in this match, though this stubborn West Ham defence is so far holding firm.
GOAL!!! WEST HAM ARE IN FRONT!!! Antonio again causes problems in the Brighton defence, showing his strength to dispossess Webster before squaring for Ward-Prowse. The former Southampton man sees his first attempt blocked by Gilmour, but he is alert to latch onto the rebound and smash home. 1-0 to the Hammers!
The Seagulls are nearly level almost immediately as neat footwork from Ferguson opens up the space to shoot, but Areola is able to get down to his right and make a decent stop.
Despite having very little of the ball to this point, West Ham are in front and have a lead to defend. There is a long way to go though if they are to secure a big three points on the road.
Ward-Prowse receives the first yellow card of the contest for a poor sliding challenge on Gilmour in midfield.
Ward-Prowse has scored four Premier League goals against Brighton and has only netted more against Tottenham (five).
It has been a good response to going behind by De Zerbi's men, though they are still yet to create a real clear-cut chance.
Having put West Ham ahead, Ward-Prowse helps his team at the other end by making a brave block to get in the way of Gilmour's fierce first-time drive.
It is one-way traffic at the moment, with wave after wave of Brighton attacks streaming towards Areola's goal. This could be a tricky period of the game for the Hammers as De Zerbi's side probe for an equaliser.
There is a nasty collision in the Brighton penalty area as Verbruggen punches a free-kick delivery away from danger, clattering into Soucek in the process. The game is immediately stopped with both sets of players quick to call for medical attention.
Soucek remains down, and it appears Moyes will be forced into a change here with the Czech Republic international midfielder looking dazed.
Soucek is finally back to his feet and walks off the pitch as play resumes, with West Ham temporarily down to 10 men.
The Hammers change does finally happen as Benrahma comes on for Soucek, who walks straight down the tunnel.
Gross stings the palms of Areola with a fierce drive as West Ham continue to frustrate Brighton and restrict them to long-range attempts.
There's a moment of real panic as Areola inexplicably fails to gather a high ball. It subsequently bounces in the visitors' box, but much to their relief, the goalkeeper is able to collect at the second attempt before any lurking Brighton attacker can tap home.
There will be four minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
Alvarez goes in the book for a nasty challenge on Welbeck. Perhaps more concerning for the Hammers, though, is the fact the Seagulls will have a free-kick in a great shooting position.
The free-kick is wasted as March tries to curl goalwards, only to be blocked behind for a corner off the head of Alvarez in the wall.
HALF-TIME: BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION 0-1 WEST HAM
The half-time whistle blows as West Ham head into the break with a 1-0 lead at the Amex Stadium after Ward-Prowse put them ahead. They have been under pressure for much of the half but have also looked a threat on the break, with Antonio causing issues in the Brighton defence. It was his determination that helped them to get their noses in front after 19 minutes, harrying Webster and nicking the ball off him before squaring to Ward-Prowse. The former Southampton man saw his first attempt blocked but made no mistake with his second, stroking home to give the Hammers a one-goal advantage, a lead they maintain at the break thanks to a dogged defensive display to this point.
Perhaps most concerning for De Zerbi at the interval is that his team have had 83.9 per cent of the ball so far, and yet they have registered just two shots on target. Moyes' side look happy to sit back and dare Brighton to break them down, something the Seagulls failed to do in the opening 45 minutes.
The Irons get us back underway for the second period.
WHAT A SAVE! Brighton go mighty close to levelling moments after the interval as Mitoma, unusually quiet in the first half, lofts a great cross into the box to pick out Ferguson. The young striker nods at goal, and it looks to be sneaking into the bottom corner until the diving Areola tips it wide at full stretch.
Welbeck sees a shot from range blocked behind for a corner as the Seagulls continue to fly out of the blocks since the break. Can they find an equaliser?
A deep corner finds itself at the feet of Mitoma at the back post, but the winger's effort is lashed high over the crossbar.
The home fans scream for a penalty as Estupinan is bundled over by a clumsy Paqueta challenge. The protests fall on deaf ears, though.
Bowen misses a decent chance as he strides into the box. The ball bobs up at the crucial time though and means he loses control of his effort, which flies wide of the target.
West Ham are unbeaten in their last five Premier League matches when leading at half-time, winning all of those games.
OVER! Brighton are caught out by a quick free-kick, and Emerson is fed by a clever Benrahma pass. The left-back fizzes towards goal, and his effort takes a nick off the crossbar before flying out for a goal-kick.
GOAL!!! WEST HAM ARE 2-0 UP!!! It is a quite brilliant goal as a sweeping counter sees Antonio set Benrahma away down the left. He is short of options at first, but when they finally arrive, Benrahma arrows a delightful ball for Bowen in the box. The Europa Conference League final hero brings it down superbly, before coolly poking past Verbuggen to put the Hammers well in control.
Benrahma showed patience and quality by picking out Bowen with a superb pass, before his team-mate did the rest.
Chasing the game, De Zerbi looks to his bench. His first substitution is to bring on Pedro for Welbeck.
Lallana is also on for Gilmour.
After scoring 10 successive goals at the London Stadium, each of Bowen's last two Premier League strikes have been away from home, also netting on the opening matchday away to Bournemouth.
GOAL!!! IT IS 3-0!!! The Hammers are surely on their way to victory now as Antonio puts them three goals to the good! It is sublime again from Bowen, who brings down a long punt upfield by Areola before finding Antonio with a searching pass. The striker jinks one way and then the other to wrongfoot Webster, before thumping into the bottom corner!
Having doubled his team's lead moments ago, Bowen then plays a huge role in the third goal to pick out Antonio.
Gross forces a decent save out of Areola to tip his left-footed strike behind for a corner. It is a long way back for Brighton now, but they will give it a go.
Another Brighton penalty shout comes and goes as Mitoma goes down in the box under a Ward-Prowse challenge.
Antonio has now scored in successive Premier League games for the first time since a run of three games in August 2021.
West Ham nearly have a fourth as Antonio latches onto Paqueta's deft throughball, only to lash high over the crossbar.
Milner makes way for Veltman.
March is replaced by Adingra.
This is the fifth time Bowen has scored and assisted in a Premier League game, but only the second time he has done so away from home, previously doing so against Leicester City in February 2022.
The Hammers look on course to record consecutive Premier League victories for the first time since October, when they beat Wolves and Fulham.
Brighton continue to try and find a way back into the game, but this West Ham defence has looked solid and the Seagulls appear to be running out of ideas.
Areola makes a comfortable save to his right to deny Gross' shot from outside the box.
Moyes brings on centre-back Kehrer for Antonio in a defensive change as West Ham look to see the game out.
CROSSBAR! West Ham are inches away from a fourth as another quick counter sees Benrahma and Ward-Prowse combine. The latter then smashes a cross in, and Verbruggen is forced to beat away. However, it deflects off Dunk, and comes off the top of the woodwork.
GOAL!!! Brighton have a goal back! Gross receives the ball outside the penalty area and cuts onto his right foot. He drills towards goal, and it flies past the diving Areola into the bottom corner to close the deficit to two goals with the scoreline 3-1 to the visitors. Will it be a consolation or the start of an incredible comeback?
Veltman fed the ball to Gross, who lashed home to give Brighton hope.
The home fans want a penalty as the ball comes off Coufal's hand in the right-back's attempt to block a cross, but again the referee waves play on.
Alvarez's full Premier League debut is over as he is replaced by Fornals.
Ings also comes on for Paqueta.
Gross has now scored 27 Premier League goals for Brighton, more than any other player in the club's history.
WHAT A STOP! Areola makes a vital save to deny Veltman's fierce volley as Brighton threaten to further close the deficit. That could have really set up a grandstand finish.
Mitoma is booked for a cynical challenge on Bowen.
Kehrer receives a yellow card for bundling over Mitoma.
The fourth official puts up his board and indicates there will be six minutes of additional time at the end of this contest. Can the Hammers see it out for a huge three points on their travels?
AREOLA AGAIN! The West Ham goalkeeper makes another sublime stop. Ferguson receives the ball in the box before unleashing a fierce drive at goal. Somehow though, Areola manages to tip the ball over the crossbar to preserve his team's two-goal advantage.
CLOSE! A corner is nodded powerfully at goal by Dunk, and it looks to be flying in until Ings heads it over his crossbar.
The ball comes out to Dunk and the crowd implores him to shoot from range. He does exactly that, but it proves to be a poor decision as his effort is blazed high over the crossbar.
The visitors are keeping the ball well as the seconds continue to tick down. They are moments from victory.
Bowen could and maybe should make it 4-1 after being put through by Emerson in the dying seconds, but Verbruggen races out of his goal and saves his eventual effort.
FULL-TIME: BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION 1-3 WEST HAM
The Hammers win for the second Premier League game in a row after a brilliant 3-1 triumph at in-form Brighton. The Irons took the lead at the Amex Stadium after 19 minutes, Antonio winning the ball high up the pitch before squaring for Ward-Prowse, who stroked home the rebound after seeing his initial effort blocked. Brighton dominated possession but West Ham always looked a threat on the counter, and that was how they doubled their lead after the interval as Benrahma fed Bowen, who coolly poked past the debutant Verbruggen. Things would get even better for the visitors moments later with Bowen again playing a big part, bringing the ball down before finding Antonio, who jinked past Webster before lashing home. Brighton would pull a goal back through Gross' long-range effort, but it would prove just a consolation as Moyes' men saw it out to secure all three points.
West Ham remain unbeaten and move top of the Premier League, until Sunday at least, having picked up seven points from three matches. They only picked up 40 points in the entirety of last season, and fans will be hoping they can continue their great start when they travel to take on newly promoted Luton Town next Friday. For Brighton, it is a bump in the road after their own impressive start, and De Zerbi will be looking for a strong response when they host Newcastle United next weekend.
Thanks for joining us for live coverage of West Ham's 3-1 Premier League victory over Brighton and Hove Albion at the Amex Stadium. Goodbye!
Hello and welcome to this live commentary for the Premier League fixture between Burnley and Aston Villa from Turf Moor.
It's a clash of the claret and blue kits in Lancashire today as Burnley host Villa. Vincent Kompany's side had a week off last weekend, with their clash against Luton Town postponed, meaning they head into this fixture with extra preparation but still in search of their first points of the season after their opening-day defeat to Manchester City.
Aston Villa, meanwhile, have endured a topsy-turvy start to their first full season under Unai Emery. Having lost 5-1 on opening day, they bounced back convincingly with a thumping 4-0 win against Everton at home and now travel to Turf Moor looking for their third win on the bounce having thrashed Hibernian 5-0 in a midweek Europa Conference League qualifier.
BURNLEY (4-2-3-1): James Trafford; Connor Roberts, Ameen Al Dakhil, Dara O'Shea, Hannes Delcroix; Sander Berge, Josh Cullen; Zeki Amdouni, Manuel Benson, Luca Koleosho; Lyle Foster.
BURNLEY SUBS: Jacob Bruun Larsen, Nathan Redmond, Aaron Ramsey, Arijanet Muric, Jay Rodriguez, Vitinho, Josh Brownhill, Jack Cork, Johann Gudmundsson.
ASTON VILLA (3-4-2-1): Robin Olsen; Ezri Konsa, Diego Carlos, Pau Torres; Matty Cash, Boubacar Kamara, Douglas Luiz, Lucas Digne; Moussa Diaby, John McGinn; Ollie Watkins.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Nicolo Zaniolo, Filip Marschall, Calum Chambers, Jhon Duran, Oliwier Zych, Bertrand Traore, Youri Tielemans, Leon Bailey.
Burnley make two changes from their 3-0 defeat to Manchester City. Jordan Beyer misses out with a knock and is replaced by Delcroix, while Benson replaces Vitinho further up the pitch.
Aston Villa also make two changes after their midweek win over Hibernian. Emiliano Martinez hasn't recovered from a minor injury he sustained in that game, with the Argentine replaced in goal by Olsen. Cash also comes into the starting XI, in place of Bailey, as Villa potentially move to a back three.
Aston Villa have won two of their last three away league games against Burnley (L1), as many victories as they'd picked up in their previous 29 visits to Turf Moor combined (D6 L21).
Aston Villa get this first half under way.
The early signs do appear to show that Villa will be lining up in a back three formation with Konsa, Carlos and Torres the three centre-backs.
Burnley have the first corner of the game after Foster spins into space down the left before seeing his cross turned behind by Konsa.
Benson's delivery is poor and Cash is able to clear it away with ease at the near post. Villa break up the pitch through Diaby, who is on his own, but does superbly to drive up the pitch and into the box. In the end, the effort is tame and the retreating Burnley defence can block the shot.
GOOOOAAAALL!! VILLA LEAD EARLY! 1-0! The perfect start for the away side as Cash opens the scoring in his 100th game for the club. It's a lovely ball over the top from McGinn to play Watkins through on the left. The striker carries it well into the box before a heavy touch almost sees the play break down. However, Watkins reacts superbly to his poor touch, nipping in ahead of the goalkeeper to dig out a cross to the far post for the onrushing Cash, who beats Delcroix to the ball and slams it into the empty net.
Great work from Watkins sees him get the assist, having crossed the ball for Cash to tap home at the far post.
The perfect start for Villa on the break. They switched up to a three-at-the-back formation and it worked to great effect there, with the wing-back bombing forward to convert at the back post.
Koleosho with a nice delivery from the left for the Clarets, but it's just over the head of Foster inside the Villa box.
Benson cuts back dangerously onto his left foot and whips in an enticing ball into the box. No Burnley player gambles on it, however, and the ball drifts harmlessly out for a goal kick.
Should Burnley lose today, it would mean the Clarets have lost their opening two Premier League games in a third consecutive top-flight season, having already done so in 2020-21 and 2021-22.
GOOOOALLLL!! CASH AT THE DOUBLE!! 2-0! Villa double their lead and it's the wing-back Cash with another goal. He didn't get any last season, but he now has two in 20 minutes at Turf Moor. It's great link-up between the Poland international and Diaby on the right side of the box, with Diaby cutting it back for Cash to sweep home into the far corner of the goal.
Diaby's impressive start to the season continues with an assist here, cutting it back nicely for Cash from inside the penalty area.
Villa are breaking forward at will on the transition and Burnley can't deal with it at the minute. Torres finds Digne over the top but Al Dakhil does well to get back and block the cross out for a corner.
Luiz delivers Villa's first corner of the game but it's headed over the bar by Carlos at the near post.
Plenty of possession for Burnley after that second Villa goal but not much in the way of chances for the home side.
Benson has been a bright spot in an otherwise bleak start for the Clarets this game. The winger skips past McGinn again but he finds himself swarmed by Villa shirts as he closes in on the penalty area and loses the ball.
Foster nearly sneaks in behind the Villa defence after a nice, lofted pass from Cullen. The striker loses possession trying to round Olsen on the edge of the box but it wouldn't have counted regardless as the offside flag goes up.
CLOSE! Villa so close to a huge chance for a third goal as Diaby surges through the middle of the Burnley defence. He's expertly picked out by Luiz but it's a must-make tackle from Delcroix who dispossesses the Villa winger right before he looked to pull the trigger.
With around 10 minutes of normal time remaining in this first half, Burnley are still yet to register a shot on target.
Cash and Diaby again combine down the right. The latter cuts the ball across the box but Watkins can't quite get a clear shot on goal at the near post and Burnley can clear.
Cullen receives the game's first yellow card after a late challenge on Kamara.
A late free-kick for Villa as Luiz whips in the ball from a central position. Carlos looks to head it on but Trafford comes through a crowded area to get a solid punch on the ball.
OVER! The first signs of life for Burnley after a magical run from Amdouni who shows great footwork to dance around a handful of Villa players. He tries his luck from outside the area but his right-footed whipped effort just drifts narrowly over the bar.
There will be three minutes of added time to end this first half.
Another yellow card for Burnley on the brink of the half-time whistle as Berge hauls down Watkins around the centre circle.
HALF-TIME: BURNLEY 0-2 ASTON VILLA
Two goals from Matty Cash are the difference at the break as Aston Villa lead 2-0 against Burnley at Turf Moor. Emery's side opened the scoring after just eight minutes when Cash converted Ollie Watkins's cross at the far post. The Polish wing-back, who is playing his 100th game for Villa, soon had his second in the 20th minute when he lashed home a strike after combining well with Moussa Diaby down the right. Diaby could have had Villa's third, but for an excellent tackle from Hannes Delcroix, with Burnely rarely threatening outside of a long-range effort from Zeki Amdouni which drifted over the bar.
That first half was about as good as Emery could have asked for from his Villa side. They were compact at the back, broke with pace and incisiveness, and now have a comfortable two-goal lead. He'll demand more of the same after the break. Kompany, however, has a problem to solve. His Burnley side have looked blunt in possession and hugely vulnerable in transition. A much-improved second-half display is required if they are to avoid slumping to back-to-back defeats to start this season.
A change at the break for Burnley as Benson is replaced by Gudmundsson.
With that change done, Burnley get us back underway for this second half.
GOOOOAAAAL!! BURNLEY PULL ONE BACK! 2-1! Foster gets one back two minutes after the restart! Fresh off the bench, Gudmundsson wins a header at the back post and Foster does brilliantly to use his body and spin Torres before finding the back of the net.
An instant impact from the sub as Gudmunds­son's header lands at the feet of Foster, who makes no mistake to get Burnley back into this game.
A far brighter start to this second half and Burnley now have a corner after Koleosho's cross is turned behind by Konsa.
Gudmundsson delivers the corner and Delcroix swings a leg at it from close to the penalty box. It's a very difficult chance for the full-back, who makes good contact but sends it way over the bar.
Burnley have had 72 per cent possession in this second half as they hunt an equaliser.
What a difference the break has made. Wave after wave of dangerous Burnley attacks now as Konsa slides in to clear away Berge's low cross.
The first real attack from Villa after the break and Diaby and Cash nearly combine again. It's the winger who drifts over to the left side, this time, but a Burnley defender can get in to clear the ball before his low cross reaches the onrushing Cash inside the box.
A less-than-convincing clearance from Olsen with his feet and, in the end, Villa concede a corner.
SAVE! Olsen redeems himself straight away after needlessly conceding that corner with a fine stop down low to his right, parrying Delcroix's powerful header from Gudmundsson's delivery.
Cash gets forward once again and his eyes light up at the prospect of a hat-trick. He tries his luck from the right edge of the area but Roberts gets a sturdy block in to clear the ball away.
GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! DIABY CONVERTS! 3-1! A massive goal for Villa and they restore their two-goal lead courtesy of Diaby. McGinn is at the heart of it again with a pinpoint pass to set Digne free down the left. The French full-back cuts it back to Diaby on the edge of the box, with the winger sweeping home clinically into the far corner. A goal and an assist now for the new signing.
Digne gets forward well down the left, cutting it back to Diaby who sweeps home from the edge of the area.
A vital goal from Villa who score with their first shot on target in the second half to respond after that barrage of pressure from Burnley.
SAVE! A massive save from Trafford but Watkins has to score! It's more great work from Diaby who fires in a low cross from the left straight into the feet of Watkins. The Englishman is six yards out but fires straight at Trafford who makes a smart reaction save to keep his side in the game.
A double change from Burnley as Berge comes off for Ramsey, with the midfielder making his first appearance for the Clarets since joining from Villa.
New signing Redmond also comes on as Koleosho makes way.
Prior to this game, Villa had won two of their last three away league games against Burnley (L1), as many victories as they'd picked up in their previous 29 visits to Turf Moor combined (D6 L21). Could they be on their way to three in their last four?
Diaby makes way to a hero's reception after his stellar performance in this game. Zaniolo comes on in his place.
CHANCE! Straight off the bench, Zaniolo has a great chance to find Villa's fourth as he finds himself in a two-on-one situation with Watkins alongside him. The Italian opts to go alone but his effort is deflected behind for a corner.
There's a quick VAR check for a handball by Amdouni but nothing doing and play continues.
Luiz delivers another Villa corner looking for Carlos, but O'Shea rises well to head away the danger for Burnley.
A half-chance for Watkins on the edge of the box, but O'Shea is firmly behind the effort and it's blocked away.
More tidy work from Zaniolo since his introduction as he feeds Cash on the right edge of the box. With two goals already, the wing-back has only one thing on his mind but his effort slices over the bar.
Another double change for Burnley as Bruun Larsen first replaces Amdouni.
Burnley's goalscorer Foster also comes off with Rodriguez coming on for his 500th professional appearance.
There's a change for Villa, too, as Traore is introduced in the place of Digne.
Zaniolo with a professional foul to halt Burnley's advance towards the penalty area. Nothing comes from the free-kick.
OVER! Rodriguez with a chance straight off the bench but, on the spin, the Englishman can only blaze over the bar from the edge of the box. A big chance, that, late in the game.
More changes as VIlla make a double change. Luiz is first off with Tielemans coming on in the middle of the park.
Watkins also makes way up front, with Duran replacing the English striker.
Olsen has to react sharply as Rodriguez's cross is deflected goalwards off Torres. It's a smart save from the keeper but the flag is up anyway.
CHANCE! Rodriguez has been involved plenty since coming off the bench. This time he meets Cullen's cross before Olsen but can't get enough on the ball to divert it on target.
There will be five minutes of added time now to end this second half.
The life is slowly fading from this game with Villa doing a good job of managing the tempo in added time so far.
Gudmundsson with a late free-kick delivery from the left, but it's hacked clear by Carlos.
FULL-TIME: BURNLEY 1-3 ASTON VILLA
Matty Cash's brace and Moussa Diaby's second-half strike saw Villa see off a spirited Burnley fightback to win 3-1 away at Turf Moor. Unai Emery's side raced into a two-nil lead at the break after two goals from wing-back Cash inside the first 20 minutes. Burnley hit back straight after the break through Lyle Foster's 47th-minute effort as the Clarets piled on the pressure in search of an equaliser. But it would be Villa who got the vital next goal when the impressive Diaby added to his first-half assist with a well-taken finish to restore Villa's two-goal advantage and secure back-to-back Premier League wins for the Villans.
Villa continue their bounce back after their opening-day drubbing against Newcastle with successive wins. Next up, they host Hibernian at Villa Park in the second leg of their Europa Conference League qualifier. Burnley have now lost their opening two Premier League games for a third consecutive season despite their improved second-half showing. They travel to face Nottingham Forest in the second round of the EFL Cup on Wednesday as they look for their first win of the season.
That is all for today - thanks for tuning in!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League fixture from Stamford Bridge, as Chelsea face newly promoted Luton Town!
Is this the biggest financial mismatch in Premier League history? Chelsea have spent almost £1billion in three transfer windows under the Todd Boehly regime, breaking the British transfer record twice this year to acquire Enzo Fernandez and Moises Caicedo, while Luton made Ryan Giles their record signing for £5million last month. Both sides are still yet to pick up three points this season, however, with Chelsea looking to bounce back from last week's 3-1 defeat at West Ham.
Luton have had a long time to prepare for this trip to Stamford Bridge, with renovations at their Kenilworth Road home seeing last week's scheduled clash with Burnley postponed. Rob Edwards' team performed admirably for long periods at Brighton and Hove Albion on the opening matchday, but the Seagulls' attacking quality eventually shone through as they ran out 4-1 winners. Can the Hatters cause a monumental upset by picking up their first Premier League victory here?
CHELSEA (3-4-2-1): Robert Sanchez; Axel Disasi, Thiago Silva, Levi Colwill; Malo Gusto, Moises Caicedo, Enzo Fernandez, Ben Chilwell; Raheem Sterling, Conor Gallagher; Nicolas Jackson.
CHELSEA SUBS: Lucas Bergstrom, Eddie Beach, Marc Cucurella, Noni Madueke, Lesley Ugochukwu, Ian Maatsen, Mason Burstow, Diego Moreira, Bashir Humphreys.
LUTON TOWN (3-5-2): Thomas Kaminski; Reece Burke, Tom Lockyer, Amari'i Bell; Issa Kabore, Ross Barkley, Marvelous Nakamba, Tahith Chong, Ryan Giles; Carlton Morris, Elijah Adebayo.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: Tim Krul, Mads Andersen, Chiedozie Ogbene, Luke Berry, Cauley Woodrow, Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu, Jacob Brown, Joseph Johnson, Alfie Doughty.
Caicedo makes his first start since becoming the most expensive player in Premier League history! The former Brighton midfielder replaces the injured Carney Chukwuemeka as Mauricio Pochettino makes just one change to the side that started at West Ham. It's a very young bench for the Blues, with Mykhailo Mudryk missing with a minor injury and Romeo Lavia still not involved.
Edwards, meanwhile, makes two changes to the team that started at Brighton. Luton hand a debut to former Chelsea midfielder Barkley, while Burke is back from injury in defence. Anderson and Mpanzu – whose mistake gifted Brighton a goal in Luton's last outing – drop to the bench.
Following a draw with Liverpool and a loss to West Ham, Chelsea could start a Premier League season without winning any of their opening three matches for the first time since 1998-99 (D2 L1). Can the Blues pick up their first victory under Pochettino here? The teams are out, and we're about to find out!
We're under way at Stamford Bridge as Jackson gets the ball rolling. Is this the game that gives lift-off to the Pochettino era at Chelsea, or will Luton pick up a famous result?
Chelsea look to get on the front foot straight from kick-off, with Fernandez seeing a long ball cut out by Giles before Jackson's weak long-range effort deflects through to Kaminski. Luton then come forward for the first time and win a deep free-kick, which Sanchez punches clear.
This is sure to be a clash of styles, with Chelsea already playing some attractive football – albeit without results – under Pochettino and Luton looking to go direct to Morris and Adebayo. It will be fascinating to see how it pans out.
Good block! Chelsea remain patient and stroke the ball around neatly, before Jackson turns and races into the box. He finds Sterling, who cuts inside to see his shot blocked by Lockyer in front of Kaminski.
Chelsea win a corner on the right, which comes to nothing. They soon get another set-piece chance, however, as Adebayo handles Gusto's cross from the right. This free-kick will be crossed in by Chilwell.
Great hold! Chilwell's delivery is flicked on by Silva, eventually finding Sterling unmarked near the penalty spot. He lashes a fierce volley goalwards, but Kaminski holds it well.
Caicedo stumbles and loses possession to Chong, who gets into the area before cutting inside and lashing a wild effort off-target. Caicedo was relieved to see that fly wide.
Caicedo's introduction into the lineup means Gallagher is playing further forward, joining Sterling in support of Jackson. The two England internationals combine in the box before Sterling feeds Gusto, but Lockyer heads his cross away.
Chelsea last faced Luton in the FA Cup in March 2022, 17 months ago. Remarkably, the only player from their squad that day to feature in this match is Barkley, who is starting for Luton. The likes of Romelu Lukaku, Timo Werner, Mason Mount, Saul Niguez and Kenedy started for the Blues in that game.
Fernandez presses high and appears to catch Kabore with an elbow, giving Luton a free-kick inside their own half. No further punishment is forthcoming for the Argentine, however.
CLOSE! Colwill finds Jackson with a delightful ball in behind, and the striker offloads to Chilwell. The left wing-back lays the ball off to Fernandez, who lifts a left-footed shot just over the crossbar. That was excellent play from Chelsea.
Giles gets forward for the first time and wins a corner on Luton's left. The former Wolves man sees his delivery flicked towards the near post… but Silva is on hand to clear.
GOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLL! WHAT A RUN FROM STERLING! Wow. Sterling picks up possession wide on the right and darts between Giles and Barkley. Bell and Nakamba close him down as he enters the box, but he maintains his composure to pick out the bottom-left corner. A brilliant solo goal puts Chelsea 1-0 up!
Gusto gets the assist following a simple 10-yard pass into Sterling's feet. The former Manchester City man did the rest. He was excellent at West Ham last week, and is clearly relishing playing under Pochettino.
What do Luton have in their locker now? The Hatters have – predictably – been penned back by Chelsea early on, and they have been undone by some individual brilliance from Sterling, though the defending left much to be desired.
Chelsea boss Pochettino has won 85 per cent of his Premier League games against promoted sides (W34 D4 L2), the joint-best win rate of any manager with 10+ such games. Both of his defeats have come in home games, however (3-1 against Wolves in December 2018, 1-0 against Cardiff City in April 2014, both with Tottenham).
In fact, Fernandez appears to be pushing just as high as Gallagher for Chelsea, with Caicedo anchoring the midfield. The Blues have had 81.7 per cent possession so far.
Caicedo and Fernandez are involved before Jackson just overruns it on the left, granting Luton a goal-kick. Chelsea's big-money midfield duo are enjoying themselves in the early stages.
Morris has to drop extremely deep to get a rare touch of the ball, holding off Sterling and Gusto on Luton's left to win a free-kick. The Hatters finally enjoy something approaching a spell in possession, but it ends when Kabore slices a cross wide.
Adebayo slides Morris in behind, but a heavy first touch carries the striker wide before Gusto recovers to block his attempted cutback. Luton are at least enjoying more of the ball now.
Lockyer stops a Chelsea break with a cynical challenge on Sterling and is deservedly booked.
Sterling has been directly involved in 17 goals in his last 17 Premier League appearances against promoted teams (13 goals, four assists), including six in his six appearances in this run as a Chelsea player.
Nakamba stops another Sterling run fairly before chasing the loose ball and flying into a less-than-marvelous challenge on Gallagher. He follows Lockyer into the book.
Chelsea try to catch Luton out with a quick free-kick routine involving Sterling and Gusto. The latter's cross is nodded behind by Burke for a corner, which results in Gusto slicing a poor effort wide.
We're past the half-hour mark here, and while Chelsea are firmly in control and chasing a second, Luton have shown some improvement following a nervous start.
Kabore looks to beat Colwill on the outside, but he times his challenge brilliantly before getting Chelsea moving forward. He's looked impressive so far.
A dangerous Chelsea break is stopped in its tracks as Nakamba gets back to challenge Sterling. Had the England man lifted his head, he could have threaded Fernandez clean through on goal!
The pace of Chelsea's passing has just dropped a little in recent minutes. Caicedo tries to accelerate things with a scooped pass over the top, but Burke beats Jackson to it.
Most of Chelsea's attacking play has gone down the right, with Sterling and Gusto combining on that side while Chilwell is left alone on the other flank in a lopsided shape. Luton seem to be getting to grips with it, with the game becoming more scrappy.
The referee plays advantage as Fernandez trips Chong, but quickly pulls it back as Luton fail to make anything of the break. The Chelsea midfielder is perhaps fortunate to avoid a yellow card.
That's better from Luton as Kabore beats Colwill before seeing a shot from a tight angle blocked. Burke arrives on the scene to cross against a blue shirt and behind, as the Hatters win a corner.
Over! Giles' teasing delivery is glanced off-target by Barkey, who wants another corner. The ball looked to come off Chilwell last, but Chelsea are awarded a goal-kick nonetheless.
Luton have definitely grown in confidence as this first half has gone on. They're enjoying a better spell on the ball as we enter the closing stages of this opening period.
Sterling brings Sanchez's long kick down with a brilliant first touch before being crowded out by two white shirts. Luton have looked to get tight to the winger since he slalomed through their defence for the opening goal.
We're into two minutes of stoppage time to end this opening period.
Lockyer completely slices a clearance, which goes behind for a corner. Fernandez is allowed time to take it short… but Chilwell's deep cross is headed away. That will be that for the first half.
HALF-TIME: CHELSEA 1-0 LUTON TOWN.
Robert Jones' half-time whistle sounds, and Sterling's wonderful solo goal is the only thing separating Chelsea and Luton at Stamford Bridge. The Hatters started nervously and Chelsea fully deserved to inch ahead when Sterling darted between four white shirts to beat Kaminski with a composed finish, opening his account for the season. Edwards' visitors have improved since then, however, limiting the hosts to very little in terms of clear-cut chances to extend their lead.
Edwards will be satisfied with many aspects of Luton's performance, but they have offered next to nothing in attack, recording three shots (all off target) and six touches in Chelsea's area. Pochettino, meanwhile, will want Chelsea to step things up – they started well but have lowered their intensity since the goal.
Luton get the second half under way – Barkley with the first touch. Neither coach has turned to their bench at the halfway mark.
Luton are winless in their last 27 top-flight away matches (D6 L21) since beating Aston Villa 2-1 back in March 1991, courtesy of a Derek Mountfield own goal and a Mark Pembridge strike. Is there any way back for the Hatters here?
Disasi hits a poor cross-field ball straight out of play. Chelsea need to avoid giving Luton any encouragement and Pochettino will demand greater focus from the hosts.
Adebayo shows neat footwork before combining with Giles to win a throw-in on the left. The ball is eventually worked out to Morris in an inside-right position, but he neglects Kabore to his right to fire a poor strike over. That's a waste.
How is it not 2-0?!? That's a classic case of overplaying from Chelsea. Chilwell presses high to win the ball back before exchanging passes with Jackson and cutting inside. He's got a clear sight of goal on his right foot, but inexplicably tries to find Sterling and sees his pass cut out!
Save! Chelsea's corner is cleared, but the second delivery finds Jackson spinning in behind the Luton defence. He hits a powerful left-footed volley, but Kaminski turns it behind.
Luton are lucky there! Chelsea's second corner is cleared, but Silva was clearly pulled to the ground by Lockyer, who had hold of the Brazilian's shirt. The visitors are fortunate the VAR hasn't intervened on that one.
Jackson is still looking lively, running off the shoulder to shoot from a tight angle on the left, with his effort smothered by Kaminski. Chelsea are upping the ante…
Chelsea are unbeaten across their last 99 Premier League games at Stamford Bridge when leading at half-time (W80 D19), since losing 5-3 to Arsenal in October 2011.
POST! Chong's loose pass allows Chelsea to break, with Jackson finding Sterling on the right. He looks for Fernandez with a low cross to the far post, and the Argentine clips the woodwork from a narrow angle! Chelsea are getting closer.
Luton need to wake up! The Hatters are caught cold from a Chelsea throw-in, with Kabore bizarrely trying to retrieve a different ball off the pitch as Chelsea restart play quickly. Fernandez goes for goal from the angle but blazes his effort wide.
After a tame start to the second half, Chelsea are chasing a second goal. They've failed to punish a couple of glaring Luton errors, however, and the Hatters remain in the contest.
Good goalkeeping from Kaminski, who sweeps up a long ball over the Luton defence with Chilwell looking to shoot.
CHANCE FOR LUTON! Chong gets down the right-hand channel to find Morris, who lays it off for Giles inside the area. Chelsea are scrambling as the left wing-back fires a shot at goal, and though it's straight at Sanchez, he almost drops it and has to claim at the second attempt!
That opening has given Luton encouragement. Adebayo finds space between the lines to pick out Giles, but Chelsea recover their shape and force the visitors back.
Great defending! Sterling strides forward to cut back for Chilwell. The left wing-back looks set to pull the trigger from 12 yards out, but Burke puts his body on the line with a fine blocking challenge.
Great opportunity! Jackson bullies Lockyer and sends Sterling through on goal with a well timed pass. However, the winger gets his first touch all wrong, overrunning it before sending a weak effort across goal and wide. He should have done better!
Chelsea keep the pressure on as Jackson cuts inside to see a shot blocked at close quarters, but Luton stand firm to clear the resulting corner.
GOAAAAAAAAAALLL! IT'S TWO FOR STERLING, AND TWO FOR CHELSEA! The Blues have some daylight through a well-worked goal! Chelsea cause problems down the right once again, with Caicedo recycling possession to Gusto, whose cutback is swept home by Sterling from eight yards out. It's a long way back for Luton now! 2-0!
Gusto has his second assist of the game! While his first one was simple, he had much more to do here, putting it on a plate for Sterling with a lovely cross.
Luton respond to going 2-0 down with a pair of changes. Doughty replaces Kabore in the first of those.
Adebayo is also withdrawn, with Brown on in his place.
Chelsea aren't content with just the two-goal lead, winning a free-kick within shooting distance, slightly to the left of centre. Fernandez and Chilwell are over it…
Wide! Fernandez whips his effort up and over the wall, but it drops just wide of the left-hand post. It remains 2-0.
Fernandez goes into the book at the third attempt, having stopped Brown's run with a cynical trip.
Barkley goes for goal from the resulting free-kick… He won't want to see that one again! The former Chelsea midfielder lifts a dreadful attempt well over the bar.
Gusto is the fourth Chelsea player to assist two or more goals on their first start for the club at Stamford Bridge in the Premier League, after Den Petrescu, Eden Hazard and Hakim Ziyech.
GOAAAAAAAALLL! JACKSON IS OFF THE MARK! 3-0! This is more like it from Chelsea! Fernandez juggles the ball in midfield before finding Sterling with a long pass forward. The winger drives a deflected cross into the six-yard box, where Jackson is on hand to tap in for his first Premier League goal!
Luton respond to Chelsea's third goal by using their remaining substitutes. Andersen is on for Burke at the back.
Mpanzu takes Barkley's place in midfield.
Finally, Ogbene replaces Chong.
Brown flies into a reckless challenge on Disasi, sending the Chelsea defender sprawling and earning a yellow card. Fortunately for the Luton man, Disasi's foot wasn't planted – it could have been much worse.
Luton have been competitive here but this game is in danger of running away from them – just like their opener at Brighton did. It will be a case of damage limitation for them now.
With his brace in this game, Sterling has now scored 114 non-penalty goals in the Premier League, overtaking Chelsea great Jimmy-Floyd Hasselbaink (113).
Luton win a free-kick on the left, which is swung in by Giles. Chelsea clear their lines but the Hatters pen them back, with Morris eventually seeing a shot on the turn deflect wide for a corner.
Luton are unable to make anything of the corner, and Chelsea are about to turn to their bench for the first time. Jackson gets a standing ovation as he leaves the pitch.
Midfielder Ugochukwu takes Jackson's place. Sterling has moved into a central position, with Gallagher also shifted further forward.
Save! Chilwell cuts back for Gallagher following a swift Chelsea break, but he's under pressure as he shoots and can only side-foot into the arms of Kaminski.
Over! Morris reaches a loose ball before Sanchez and looks to lift it over the Chelsea goalkeeper, but his lob is too high and it sails over the crossbar. That was a decent chance to pull one back.
Maatsen is the next Chelsea youngster to get some minutes, with the former Burnley loanee replacing Chilwell.
This is just the second time Chelsea have scored three goals in a Premier League game since March 11 (3-1 v Leicester City), also doing so in a 3-1 win at Bournemouth under Frank Lampard in May. The Blues are minutes away from their first win under Pochettino.
Maatsen leaves Lockyer in a heap with a follow-through and picks up a late yellow card.
Despite being 3-0 down and on course for back-to-back defeats, the travelling Luton fans are still in fine voice. It's been a long wait for them to see their team back in the top flight, and they are determined to enjoy it.
We've played two of the signalled four minutes of stoppage time, with Chelsea keeping the ball neatly and not looking to force the issue.
Sterling gets a great ovation as he is withdrawn – he has certainly been the best player on the pitch here. Burstow is on for the final moments.
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 3-0 LUTON TOWN.
The full-time whistle sounds, and Chelsea have their first Premier League win of the Pochettino era! Sterling continued his lively start to the season, opening the scoring with an outstanding solo effort before doubling up after the break, steering Gusto's cross home from close range. To cap a fine performance, Sterling saw his deflected cross turned home by Jackson for the striker's first league goal in a Chelsea shirt. Luton faded as the game went on, but the success – or otherwise – of their season will not be judged on games like this one.
Chelsea move to four points from three games. They have two more home matches next week, facing AFC Wimbledon in the EFL Cup on Wednesday before hosting Nottingham Forest three days later. Luton remain pointless, but they will look to change that against West Ham next Friday, when the Premier League finally arrives at Kenilworth Road! Before that, they host Gillingham in the EFL Cup on Tuesday.
We hope you have enjoyed our coverage of a big win for Chelsea. Thanks for joining us, and we'll see you for more Premier League action on Saturday.
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this crucial Premier League fixture as Everton face Wolves at Goodison Park!
It sounds ludicrous to be describing matches as 'must-win' in August, but Everton and Wolves will be under no illusions as to the importance of this game. Both sides have started the campaign with back-to-back defeats, with Sean Dyche's Toffees being thrashed 4-0 at Aston Villa last time out. Everton have endured a difficult transfer window and have plenty of injuries to contend with here – three points would really lift the glum mood at Goodison.
It's been a similar story for Wolves, who are still awaiting their first points under Gary O'Neil. Despite a lack of transfer activity, they produced a positive display at Manchester United on matchday one, only to be undone by poor finishing and the controversial denial of a late penalty. The mood at Molineux took a turn for the worse last week as Wolves were outclassed in a 4-1 defeat to Brighton and Hove Albion, and they will know the importance of this tussle with a potential relegation rival.
EVERTON (4-5-1): Jordan Pickford; Nathan Patterson, Jarrad Branthwaite, James Tarkowski, Ashley Young; James Garner, Abdoulaye Doucoure, Amadou Onana, Idrissa Gueye, Lewis Dobbin; Arnaut Danjuma.
EVERTON SUBS: Joao Virginia, Andy Lonergan, Michael Keane, Neal Maupay, Vitalii Mykolenko, Ben Godfrey, Youssef Chermiti, Thomas Cannon, Tyler Onyango.
WOLVES (4-4-1-1): Jose Sa; Nelson Semedo, Craig Dawson, Maximilian Kilman, Hugo Bueno; Pedro Neto, Joao Gomes, Mario Lemina, Hwang Hee-Chan; Matheus Cunha; Fabio Silva
WOLVES SUBS: Dan Bentley, Matt Doherty, Rayan Ait-Nouri, Boubacar Traore, Sasa Kalajdzic, Jonny, Pablo Sarabia, Toti Gomes, Joseph Hodge.
Dyche makes three changes to the team that started at Villa Park, with two of them being enforced as Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Alex Iwobi join Dwight McNeil in the treatment room. Danjuma makes his first start for the club in attack, while 20-year-old Dobbin is also brought in and Branthwaite replaces Keane in defence. New arrival Chermiti is among the substitutes.
O'Neil makes two changes to his lineup for this game. Wolves' week has been dominated by suggestions Matheus Nunes may join Manchester City in a £60million deal, and he is suspended here after picking up two yellow cards against Brighton. Hwang replaces him out wide, while Bueno comes in for Ait-Nouri at left-back and Jonny – who looked set to be sold earlier in the window – is named on the bench.
Wolves have won their last two away league games against Everton, as many as they had in their previous 16 such visits to Goodison Park (D5 L9). Could they win three successive matches on this ground for the very first time? The teams are out, and we're about to find out!
We're under way for this huge clash on Merseyside! Cunha gets the ball rolling for Wolves, who are kitted out in their red change strip.
Everton are looking to press high and put Wolves under pressure in the early exchanges. Keeping the Goodison Park crowd on side will be key for the Toffees here.
Silva wins a free-kick on the left flank for Wolves, which is lifted to the back post by Bueno. Lemina gets his head to it, but it drops comfortably into the arms of Pickford.
Cunha races into the area as Wolves break, but he is forced wide and Tarkowski eventually steps across to make a strong challenge. The play is then stopped for Silva to receive treatment after he was caught by Patterson, but the Wolves striker is soon back to his feet.
Danjuma finds space for a shot from 25 yards out… but he lifts his effort well over Sa's crossbar. It's been a very competitive start here, with both teams looking to be physical in the middle of the park.
Everton have lost both of their Premier League games so far this season without scoring a single goal. The Toffees last lost their opening three games of a league campaign in 1990-91, and they have never done so without scoring.
Wolves are furious as Hwang appears to be tripped deep inside his own territory and the referee plays on. Gueye sees a shot blocked before Patterson looks for Onana with a deep cross… but it runs away for a goal-kick.
Following defeats against Manchester United and Brighton, Wolves could lose their opening three games in a Premier League season for a second time in the last three campaigns. They also did so in 2021-22, though they went on to finish 10th under Bruno Lage that season.
Wolves create a three-on-three on the break, but Silva's slack pass is too short for Neto and Branthwaite gets across to cut it out. The visitors regain possession, however, penning Everton back.
The game opens up as Bueno is dispossessed and Everton counter, with Dawson heading Danjuma's initial cross away. The hosts keep the pressure on, but Dobbin slices a left-wing delivery behind under no pressure.
POST! But wait… the flag is up! Danjuma breaks through on goal from Onana's pass. He looks for the bottom-left corner, but Sa gets a slight touch to divert the ball onto the inside of the post before the flag is belatedly raised. Danjuma and Sa didn't know that would be the case, however!
This has been a positive start for Everton. Wolves are struggling to play their way through the Toffees' press, though neither team has shown much quality in the final third.
Alex Iwobi had appeared in 52 consecutive Premier League games for Everton before being ruled out of this one through injury. Dobbin is looking to fill his boots out wide today, and the Toffees need a big performance from the youngster.
Dobbin faces up Semedo inside the area and looks to beat the full-back on the outside. Semedo gets a touch to the ball and prods it behind for an Everton corner.
That's a waste from Everton. Young's corner is floated straight into the hands of Sa, who was unchallenged.
We've only seen one shot on target – from Everton – so far. This game always looked likely to be tense and cagey, given the tricky predicaments both teams find themselves in.
Neto looks to trick his way past Onana on the edge of the box, but the Everton man wins the ball and gets his team moving. A long ball is launched forwards for Danjuma, but Dawson shepherds it back to Sa.
Cunha and Gomes combine to release Neto on the break. He gets into the area and lifts a right-footed cross into the six-yard box, but Patterson gets back to head it clear.
Hwang is left in a heap off the pitch following a firm challenge from Patterson near the corner flag. The referee ignores Wolves' appeals for a foul and awards an Everton goal-kick, but that looks to be a sore one for the South Korea international. He's back to his feet after receiving some treatment.
HUGE CHANCE FOR EVERTON! How is it not 1-0? The hosts win a corner on the left, which is cleared out to Garner. His powerful strike hits Dobbin and forces Sa into a reflex save, before Tarkowski lashes the rebound into the side netting with the goal gaping! There was a suspicion of offside, but he still should have buried that!
Gomes goes into the book for delaying the restart after Semedo fouls Danjuma on the Everton left.
Young's free-kick delivery is decent, but Branthwaite's glancing header is always heading off target. Dyche will be pleased with this spell of pressure from Everton, however.
We're past the half-hour mark at Goodison, where Wolves are struggling with Everton's physicality. The Toffees will feel they should be ahead after a glaring miss from Tarkowski.
Neto exchanges passes with Semedo to break in behind Young, but the winger's touch towards the area is far too heavy and Branthwaite can slide in to clear. Wolves' attack has not clicked so far.
Bueno gets forward on the underlap before crossing for Neto, who tees up Gomes for a blocked shot. It rebounds back to Neto, who shifts the ball onto his right foot before lifting a wild effort over the bar. At last, some attacking threat from the visitors.
BIG CHANCE! Dawson is caught beneath Patterson's right-wing cross, allowing Danjuma to meet the ball unmarked with a half-volley from near the penalty spot. He looks destined to score, but he rolls his effort wide of the bottom-right corner!
Cunha and Silva have managed just 12 and 10 touches respectively so far. Wolves' only real attacking outlet has been Neto, who looks to fancy his chances against Everton left-back young.
Semedo, who was not booked for his earlier foul on Danjuma, is cautioned for a lunge on Dobbin. On second viewing, the right-back seemed to get the ball, and he feels hard done by.
Tarkowski meets Young's free-kick from the left, but his tame header comes off Silva and rolls straight to Sa.
Lemina holds off three blue shirts in midfield to get Wolves moving, but Hwang's cross is slightly too high for Cunha, who heads well wide. The Brazilian is in some discomfort after landing awkwardly – this is a huge concern for Wolves.
Cunha is still receiving treatment on the turf. Tarkowski inadvertently stepped on Cunha's leg as the pair landed after battling for a cross into the area.
Cunha is helped to his feet and looks okay to continue after receiving treatment. Wolves have lost several attacking players in this transfer window, so they can't afford to lose anyone to injury. Two additional minutes will be played here.
Onana heads a long kick from Pickford down on the edge of the area. Doucoure attempts to reach it, but Dawson and Kilman combine to hack it clear.
HALF-TIME: EVERTON 0-0 WOLVES.
Craig Pawson's half-time whistle sounds, and it's still goalless between Everton and Wolves at Goodison Park. As many expected, it's been a tight, cagey affair lacking quality in the final third, but Dyche's hosts have created the better chances. Both Tarkowski and Danjuma have squandered good opportunities, while Wolves have lacked inspiration with Neto their only consistent threat. There's surely more to come from both teams after the break!
Wolves and Everton scored just 31 and 34 Premier League goals last season respectively – fewer than Erling Haaland managed for Manchester City! You can certainly see why. Everton have only hit the target with two of their eight shots, while Wolves are yet to work Pickford from six attempts. One goal might be enough to win this one.
O'Neil has made a change at the break. Hwang has failed to emerge after going down under Patterson's challenge shortly before half-time. Ait-Nouri will take his place in a more advanced position than usual on the left.
Doucoure gets the ball rolling for the second half. Will we get a winner in this early-season basement battle?
Hwang has scored each of Wolves' last two Premier League goals (against Everton in May and Brighton last week). How will the visitors cope after being forced to withdraw the South Korean?
Semedo fouls Dobbin on the Everton left. The Wolves right-back needs to be careful after being booked shortly before the break.
A promising break looks to be on for Wolves as Cunha finds Bueno advancing down the left, but he checks back and concedes possession with a slack pass. They need to be sharper in those situations.
Now Cunha finds Bueno running in behind with a cheeky ball around the corner, but the left-back is chased back by Patterson and only cross behind while on the stretch.
Doucoure cuts inside from the left, but instead of going for the shot, he attempts to find Garner. His cross is narrowly behind the former Manchester United midfielder, who is unable to turn it goalwards. Both teams need to make better decisions in attack.
Lemina is booked for delaying the restart after a foul from Silva. Everton have a free-kick slightly to the left of centre, 35 yards from goal.
Everton almost catch Wolves out! Young's clever free-kick over the wall finds Danjuma, who prods goalwards. His shot almost squirms under Sa, but the Wolves goalkeeper gets it behind for a corner.
SA KEEPS IT 0-0! Sa gets out to punch the corner as far as Garner before making a fine double save! He blocks Garner's volley, before getting behind Branthwaite's rebound and holding the ball at the second attempt. Everton are upping the ante!
Branthwaite sees yellow for a cynical pull to stop a Wolves counter-attack.
There's a moment of concern for Everton as Onana stays down after winning possession from Neto, having appeared to get his studs caught in the turf. He receives treatment before re-entering the action, however, and he looks okay to play on.
Patterson (41) and Semedo (54) – the two teams' respective right-backs – managed more touches than any of their team-mates in the opening 45 minutes. That tells you something about the lack of creativity on display.
Goaaaal…. But wait, the flag is up! What a let-off for Everton! Bueno's cross is delicately prodded home by Silva, darting across Branthwaite towards the front post. However, the linesman signals for offside, and replays show the Wolves man went slightly too early.
Silva went a fraction too early as he looked to reach Bueno's cross, but the finish was expertly applied. That should offer some encouragement to Wolves, who are finally looking to up the intensity of their play.
WHAT A CHANCE FOR WOLVES! Pickford and Tarkowski both leave a loose ball for one another, allowing Silva to remain onside as he darts through on goal. The Wolves striker has to score, but he side-foots just wide of the far post. Another left-off for the hosts.
This game is being played at a much quicker pace now, with Wolves starting to show more attacking intent. Ait-Nouri steps inside Garner and is tripped, winning a free-kick on the Wolves left.
Garner is booked after conceding that free-kick, which will be taken by Neto.
WHAT A SAVE! Neto's wicked delivery hits an Everton defender and bounces goalwards, only for Pickford to make a stunning reflex save, diving down to his right to keep the match goalless.
Now Everton go close! Doucoure puts Danjuma through, but Dawson does well to slow his advance and force him wide, from where he is unable to beat Sa. We've got a game on our hands now!
Everton introduce former Sporting CP attacker Chermiti for his debut, with Dobbin being withdrawn.
SA MAKES A BREATHTAKING SAVE! Oh my word, how has he kept that out?! Patterson's cross bounces for Doucoure at the far post, and he goes for goal with a diving header. Sa is completely wrongfooted, but he somehow twists his body to tip the ball up and over the bar. That is an incredible piece of goalkeeping. Somehow, it's still 0-0.
Doucoure does well to press high and win possession, before being chopped down by Dawson. The Wolves defender goes into the book, but the resulting free-kick is delivered straight to Sa.
That's fabulous defending from Branthwaite, who sticks with Neto to emerge with possession as Wolves were looking to break. The Everton youngster has done well after replacing Keane.
Everton win a corner on the left, but Sa comes through the crowd to claim it before sending Neto racing away with a great kick. Lacking support, the winger cuts inside Danjuma and is fouled, giving Wolves a chance to deliver a free-kick into the box.
Lemina mis-controls from Neto's delivery and Doucoure breaks for Everton. He looks to deliver an early cross for Danjuma, but Sa does well to smother the loose ball.
Wolves introduce Sarabia for Silva. The youngster should have put Wolves ahead when released one-on-one earlier. Cunha will likely operate further forward now.
This game has a basketball feel to it now. A goal in the final 15 minutes or so would be huge for either team.
Chermiti forces Bueno to clear out of play inside the Wolves half. He has gone up front since being introduced by Dyche, with Danjuma moving to his more natural left-wing role.
GOAAAAAL! But the flag goes up again, this time to deny Everton! Garner and Chermiti link up before the former finds Doucoure, who steps inside to curl a shot under Sa and in. The flag goes up with Doucoure appearing to be slightly ahead of Dawson when the pass was played. The VAR will take a look!
NO GOAL! The review is over. Doucoure's right foot was slightly ahead of Dawson as he stepped onto that pass. That's a goal ruled out at either end now!
Though it's still goalless, Everton have gotten themselves back on top in recent minutes. O'Neil looks set to introduce another central defender in Toti.
Wolves are still yet to record a shot on target in this game, sending all eight of their attempts wayward.
The visitors are looking a little short of ideas. Sa catches a deep cross from Patterson and immediately looks to send Cunha running in behind, but his kick runs all the way through to Pickford.
Wolves are making a double change. Toti replaces Bueno at left-back.
Cunha is also, perhaps surprisingly, withdrawn. Towering striker Kalajdzic takes his place up front.
Wolves appeal for handball as Chermiti chests down a driven pass before winning a corner off Dawson. Young's set-piece is poor, however, and Branthwaite can only hook it well wide.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAL!!!! KALAJDZIC PUTS WOLVES AHEAD! The towering striker has his first Premier League goal just minutes after coming off the bench! Neto swings a deep cross in from the right, which the six-foot-seven striker glances beyond Pickford. What a huge goal that could be for O'Neil's men. 1-0 Wolves!
Neto had few options when he picked up possession on the right, but he stepped inside to find the head of Kalajdzic with a terrific cross!
A late Ait-Nouri goal handed Wolves their first victory under Julen Lopetegui on this ground on Boxing Day last year. Is O'Neil about to replicate his predecessor by getting off the mark at Goodison? Everton have two minutes plus stoppage time to hit back.
Dawson cleverly wins a foul off Chermiti near his own corner flag, and the Everton striker goes into the book.
We're into FIVE additional minutes at Goodison. Can Wolves hold on? Everton are preparing further changes.
Young forward Cannon replaces Danjuma.
Keane is also on, presumably to be used as an auxiliary striker. Gueye makes way.
Everton are penning Wolves back and flinging crosses into the area now. Keane feels his shirt was being pulled as he sees a shot blocked on the turn, before Sa claims Young's delivery.
Wolves have a chance to kill the contest as Sarabia capitalises on Tarkowski's slip and heads for goal, but he is crowded out on the edge of the box. Wolves then win a throw on the left, which will allow them to eat up some valuable seconds.
Sarabia links up with Kalajdzic before being fouled on the edge of Everton's area. Surely Wolves have done enough to pick up their first win of the season?
Sarabia goes for goal from the free-kick, and Pickford springs to his right to push it away. Everton hoist the ball forward, looking to construct one last attack...
FULL-TIME: EVERTON 0-1 WOLVES.
The full-time whistle sounds at Goodison Park, and Wolves are off the mark for the 2023-24 season with a vital 1-0 win over Everton! Substitute Kalajdzic was the hero, glancing Neto's cross home for his first goal in English football just over two minutes after entering the fray. What a moment for the Austrian, who suffered a serious injury on his Wolves debut last season and missed the rest of his first campaign with the club. Everton are left to rue several missed chances yet again, with Doucoure somehow being denied by a spectacular save from Sa when the game was goalless.
It's a familiar story for Everton, who managed 15 shots to Wolves' 11, and seven attempts on target to the visitors' two, without finding the net. They desperately need to find a source of goals, having lost their first three games of a league season without scoring for the very first time. The Toffees' next league game is another big one at Sheffield United next Saturday. Wolves go to Crystal Palace one day later.
We hope you have enjoyed our live coverage of a dramatic Premier League win for Wolves. It's goodbye from us, and we'll catch you next time.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Manchester United and Nottingham Forest at Old Trafford!
After suffering their first defeat of the new Premier League season last weekend - away to Tottenham - Manchester United now return to Old Trafford, where they have not lost in the top flight since last season's opening day. In fact, the Red Devils are unbeaten in their last 30 home matches, winning on no less than 26 occasions - their longest such run for six years. Erik Ten Hag's side came out on top in all four of their meetings with Nottingham Forest last term without conceding a single goal, including a 3-0 home win in December.
Nottingham Forest, meanwhile, are seeking their first top-flight away win since January, but precedent is steeply stacked against them: they last beat Manchester United back in 1994. Though they ultimately escaped relegation, Forest's form on the road last term was also the worst of all 20 Premier League clubs, winning just one and losing 13 of their 19 away fixtures. Nonetheless, Steve Cooper's side arrive in Manchester buoyed by a 2-1 home victory over Sheffield United last time out.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Raphael Varane, Lisandro Martinez, Diogo Dalot; Casemiro, Christian Eriksen; Antony, Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford; Anthony Martial.
SUBS: Dean Henderson, Victor Lindelof, Scott McTominay, Jadon Sancho, Facundo Pellistri, Alejandro Garnacho, Daniel Gore, Harry Maguire, Alvaro Fernandez.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (3-4-2-1): Matt Turner; Willy Boly, Joe Worrall, Scott McKenna; Serge Aurier, Danilo, Ryan Yates, Ola Aina; Brennan Johnson, Morgan Gibbs-White; Taiwo Awoniyi.
SUBS: Ethan Horvath, Cheikhou Kouyate, Chris Wood, Anthony Elanga, Remo Freuler, Moussa Niakhate, Hwang Ui-Jo, Neco Williams, Gonzalo Montiel.
Manchester United make three changes to the team that started against Tottenham last week, as Luke Shaw and Mason Mount are both sidelined by injury and Alejandro Garnacho is dropped to the bench. Diogo Dalot, Christian Eriksen and Anthony Martial come into the hosts' starting XI, but high-profile signing Rasmus Hojlund is left out once again.
There are two changes to the Nottingham Forest side that saw off Sheffield United last time out, as Ryan Yates and Ola Aina come in for Neco Williams and Orel Mangala - the latter misses out entirely. Of Forest's new signings, Gonzalo Montiel joins former Manchester United winger Elanga on the bench, but Andrey Santos is not involved.
The players are out on the pristine pitch at Old Trafford, and kick-off is now just moments away!
The hosts kick off, and we are under way in Manchester!
Not long after kick-off, Antony receives the ball just outside the box, turns and sends a shot at Turner. The goalkeeper has to push it wide for a corner.
FOREST LEAD! The visitors strike on the break! Following Manchester United's corner at the other end, Awoniyi receives the ball from Gibbs-White on the halfway line and surges forward at top speed, brushing off a back-tracking Rashford to reach the six-yard box and prod his low finish past Onana! 1-0 to Nottingham Forest!
Taking advantage of a wide-open Manchester United defence, Gibbs-White picks out goalscorer Awoniyi with a pass towards the halfway line.
UNITED TRAIL BY TWO! A cross from a right-sided free-kick takes a couple of deflections and reaches Boly, who turns the ball into the net with a controlled header from close range! Incredibly, Nottingham Forest lead 2-0 at Old Trafford - we've yet to play five minutes!
Following his opening goal today, Awoniyi has now scored in his last seven Premier League appearances for Nottingham Forest, scoring nine times and surpassing Stan Collymore’s club record. He is now one of three African players to find the net in seven successive Premier League games, joining Emmanuel Adebayor and Mohamed Salah.
A shell-shocked Manchester United are trying to find their feet in this game, which has started terribly from their point of view. Ten Hag watches on bemused from the touchline.
After a corner from the right, United continue to apply pressure around the Forest area, as all 10 of the visitors' outfield players are now banked behind the ball.
With few credible options around him, Fernandes opens up his body in central position 25 yards out and lets fly with a shot that only finds Turner's waiting gloves.
Martial drifts out of the packed penalty area, seeking space on the left, but he gives the ball away with a misplaced pass, so Casemiro has to slide in and stop Johnson escaping on the break.
It remains all United at the moment, as the home side push on with the aim of reducing their deficit before half-time.
UNITED PULL ONE BACK! Popping up in the opposition six-yard box, Eriksen clips the ball past Turner with a clever finish after he's found by Rashford's low ball across from the left! That draws Manchester United back within one goal of their visitors, it's now 2-1 to Nottingham Forest in a frantic first half!
Soon after Turner makes a save, Rashford picks up the ball on the left, jogs to the byline and sends over a low cross to find Eriksen's near-post run.
SAVE! Suddenly finding himself in space just outside the box, Casemiro sends in a curling shot that tests Turner, who has to dive left in order to keep the ball out.
Forest's first foray upfield for quite some time comes to an end when Aina hurls in a long throw that is easily cleared by the Manchester United defence.
Overunning the ball by the left byline, Rashford eludes Aurier but then eases the pressure on Nottingham Forest's area as he gifts them a goal-kick.
MISS! After Antony shimmies his way into the box from the right and lays off a tidy pass, Fernandes has a shot blocked behind for a corner. From the subsequent set-piece, taken by United's captain, Casemiro is left unmarked at the back post. Somehow, though, he misses with a header from point-blank range!
Attempting to escape down the right touchline, Antony draws a foul by Aina and earns his team a free-kick midway through Forest's half. However, soon after, he clips over a heavy cross that sails straight out of play.
Fernades sets Antony away, and the Brazilian winger then slides through a ball for Martial into the area. The latter's attempted shot on the stretch is then blocked by Boly's last-ditch challenge, which preserves Forest's lead for now.
A smart threaded pass down the right by Johnson picks out Awoniyi's run, but the big striker then plays his cross too close to Onana, who simply steps out and picks up the loose ball.
After showing neat footwork to work his way into the opposition area, Wan-Bissaka declines to pick out a pass and his heavily deflected attempt is only saved at the second attempt by a scrambling Turner.
A sharp pass by Aurier sets Gibbs-White haring free into the box, but Varane closes down a gaping space rapidly and diverts the ball behind for a corner.
With his goal earlier today, Awoniyi became the first Nottingham Forest player to score in the first three top-flight matches of any season since Peter Davenport did the same back in 1984.
Antony jigs clear of his opponent on the right, then lays a ball back for Fernandes to strike with his laces. However, one of several white jerseys springs out and blocks the midfielder's powerful strike from 20 yards out.
Casemiro again appears in an advanced area, but he topples over too easily under a challenge by Worrall and his weak claims for a free-kick just outside the box are dismissed by the referee.
Quite clumsily, Martinez catches Gibbs-White down by the right corner flag, but the latter's free-kick subsequently finds Eriksen's head: United clear their lines.
Facing a race back towards his own goal against the fleet-footed Antony, Aurier opts to bring his man down and receives the first booking of the game.
In the first of at least three added minutes for stoppages, Varane clatters into Awoniyi in an aerial challenge and Nottingham Forest have a free-kick just inside the United half.
For delaying too long over a free-kick, Gibbs-White becomes the second player to see yellow today.
As Gibbs-White pops up just inside the area, latching on to Johnson's precise cutback, he takes aim. However, his goalbound shot strikes Awoniyi and Manchester United escape!
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 1-2 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
Two goals in the first four minutes gave Nottingham Forest an incredible start at Old Trafford - where they have not won for nearly 29 years - but by the half-time whistle their improbable advantage had been halved as Manchester United recovered some composure. Clearly rattled by a disastrous opening spell, the home side soon began to dominate territory, but only have Eriksen's goal to show for their efforts at the interval. There remains plenty to play for after the break.
Nottingham Forest may have gone unbeaten through their last five Premier League matches when leading at half-time, but Manchester United have won each of their last seven home games in the top flight and will surely not settle for a point today.
Forest kick off, and we are back under way at Old Trafford!
Ten Hag has made a substitution at half-time, as Varane is replaced by Lindelof in central defence.
Both teams have already had a foray into the other's penalty area in the early stages of the second half, and Fernandes fires well over the crossbar from around 20 yards out.
Turner sprints sharply from his line, working in tandem with Aurier to prevent Martial getting a clear shot off from just inside the box. The Forest goalkeeper gathers the ball gratefully, but perhaps United's centre-forward should've done better there.
Having started the move from a free-kick, Fernandes then picks out goalscorer Casemiro with a cutback from the right side of the six-yard box.
UNITED LEVEL THE GAME! A cleverly worked free-kick helps Manchester United make it 2-2! Fernandes pulls the initial set-piece back across the box, and then receives the ball again from Varane's clipped pass; he then crosses for Casemiro to steer the ball home from close range!
SUPER SAVE! With a trademark cut-in from the right, Antony beats his man and then curls a shot towards the bottom-left corner. Turner is equal to it, though, and flings himself full length to tip the ball away for a corner: brilliant stuff from both players!
Cooper decides on a change at the back, and a clearly disappointed McKenna makes way for Niakhate.
Becoming the first Manchester United player booked today, Wan-Bissaka flies full pelt into a challenge on Aina by the touchline and upends his opponent.
After an ineffective performance up front, Martial makes way for Sancho. It seems Rashford will shift into the centre.
For a clear shove on Antony midway through his own half, Aina is the latest player booked by the referee.
Following some superb rapid-fire passing by Manchester United on the left side of the area, Martinez crosses low along the six-yard box, where his defensive colleague Lindelof appears and narrowly fails to get his outstretched boot on the ball.
Having landed awkwardly after an aerial challenge, Johnson stays down on the turf, and he will require treatment from the medics. Midway through the second half, the action is paused.
OFF! Nottingham Forest captain Worrall is given his marching orders! Caught out by a well-timed Fernandes run into the box, the centre-back hauls his fellow skipper down and is immediately shown a red card!
FOREST DOWN TO 10 MEN! After a lengthy VAR review, it is finally confirmed Forest will play the final quarter of this game with 10 players - Worrall's sending-off stands! It was denial of a clear goalscoring opportunity!
Kouyate comes on for Johnson, as Nottingham Forest seek to bolster their depleted defence after Worrall's dismissal.
On his latest foray forward, Casemiro is caught offside, after Sancho delays his low throughball into the box just too long.
Aurier does well to clear a dangerous Fernandes corner-kick, which is whipped towards the near post at some speed. United have another chance to deliver a ball into the box from the corner spot.
PENALTY FOR MANCHESTER UNITED! After a brief VAR review, it's confirmed: the hosts have a spot-kick! Rashford leaves Danilo flat-footed on the left side of the box, and when the pair clash knees, United's star striker tumbles to the turf!
UNITED COMPLETE THE COMEBACK! Fernandes steps up to the spot, and after a familiar jinking run-up, he slots the ball firmly into the bottom-left corner! After Rashford earned Manchester United a penalty, his captain converts it and the Red Devils now lead 3-2!
Manchester United had won each of their last 10 meetings with Nottingham Forest - and by an aggregate score of 36-3 - ahead of today's game. They now stand less than 20 minutes from extending that sequence.
Gibbs-White sends over a free-kick from 30 yards out, on the right, but Awoniyi's flick-on is just too strong for Aurier to connect with at the back post.
Now chasing the game, Cooper makes a change up front, as Wood replaces Awoniyi.
Having given the penalty away for a foul on Rashford, Danilo also departs; Elanga makes his Old Trafford return.
For kicking the ball away in frustration after being penalised for a foul, Rashford sees a yellow card flashed in his direction.
GREAT SAVE! Onana leaps high to his left, spectacularly keeping out a goalbound strike from Boly! The ball had been bobbling dangerously around the box before the defender turned it towards the top corner!
With three points now in their grasp, Manchester United swap a winger for a midfielder: Antony is off, McTominay on.
After stretching for the ball, Casemiro is left down on the turf with an apparent muscular injury, and the action comes to a momentary halt.
Slashing at his shot from the left side of the box, Elanga sends the ball spiralling high over the crossbar as Onana watches on entirely untroubled.
Delaying his kick-out results in a yellow card for Onana. Tolerance for time-wasting is not what it used to be in the Premier League!
Elanga wins the ball on the left touchline, and after delivering a low cross into the six-yard box, Onana is relieved to see it narrowly missed by another substitute, Wood.
In the third minute of at least 11 added for stoppages at the end of this second half, 10-man Forest are throwing everything they've got left in the tank at Manchester United. Having led by two goals, losing today would be a bitter blow.
Afforded space in the centre of the pitch, Rashford races forward and tries his luck from 20 yards, but after seeing his first shot blocked he then stumbles over his follow-up and possession is turned over.
For an angry coming-together with Kouyate near the corner flag, which he inevitably initiated, Fernandes is booked by the referee.
Having been sucked into a confrontation by Fernandes, Kouyate also finds himself booked deep into stoppage time.
As McTominay receives treatment for a blow to the head, Forest boss Cooper stands on the touchline, clearly frustrated by how events have unfolded here at the Theatre of Dreams. Can his 10-man team somehow salvage something from this game in the final few minutes?
Soon after McTominay's recovery from a minor head injury, the Manchester United midfielder fells Kouyate with a stray high boot. Forest have a free-kick around 30 yards from goal.
Aina pumps a long throw in to the box from the left, but McTominay rises highest to head the ball away from danger. Forest are persistent, though, and keep flooding forward in search of an equaliser.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 3-2 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
After dragging themselves back into the match, having gone two goals down within minutes of kick-off, Manchester United complete a spirited comeback to beat Nottingham Forest and extend their long winning streak at Old Trafford. Posting an eighth straight league win on home turf - and their 11th in a row versus Forest - United ultimately needed captain Fernandes to fire home a second-half winner from the penalty spot, leaving their 10-man visitors floored.
Having fought back from two goals behind at Old Trafford for just a third time in the Premier League era, Manchester United next meet old foes Arsenal. Nottingham Forest have less time to recover, as they must host Burnley in Wednesday's EFL Cup tie before visiting Chelsea at Stamford Bridge next week.
That's all from an enthralling encounter in Manchester, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Newcastle United and Liverpool.
Newcastle thrashed Aston Villa 5-1 on the opening weekend before battling valiantly but falling to a 1-0 defeat at Manchester City. The Magpies had their chances to salvage a point, if not more, at Etihad Stadium and will look to get back to winning ways against Liverpool, who they held off to finish in the Premier League’s top four last season.
Liverpool missed out on Champions League qualification for this season due to Newcastle’s top-four emergence last term. The Reds may be out for a slight revenge, having played two high-charged fixtures with the Magpies last campaign as well. Jurgen Klopp’s side were held at Chelsea in their first game, but bounced back with a convincing 3-1 home victory over Bournemouth.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Nick Pope; Kieran Trippier, Sven Botman, Fabian Schar, Dan Burn; Joelinton, Bruno Guimaraes, Sandro Tonali; Miguel Almiron, Alexander Isak, Anthony Gordon.
SUBSTITUTES: Martin Dubravka, Jamaal Lascelles, Callum Wilson, Matt Targett, Harvey Barnes, Tino Livramento, Jacob Murphy, Elliot Anderson, Sean Longstaff.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Alisson; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Virgil van Dijk, Joel Matip, Andy Robertson; Wataru Endo, Alexis Mac Allister, Dominik Szoboszlai; Mohamed Salah, Cody Gakpo, Luis Diaz.
SUBSTITUTES: Caoimhin Kelleher, Joe Gomez, Darwin Nunez, Harvey Elliott, Diogo Jota, Kostas Tsimikas, Stefan Bajcetic, Ben Doak, Jarell Quansah.
Eddie Howe opts for an unchanged starting line-up despite last week’s defeat at City. Joelinton was forced off with injury in Newcastle’s previous game, but he keeps his spot in midfield. Lewis Hall, who joined from Chelsea recently, is not included in the squad.
Jurgen Klopp makes two alterations to his starting XI that overcame Bournemouth last time out. Jota drops to the bench, with new signing Endo coming in. Ibrahima Konate misses out entirely after a reported muscle injury, with the experienced Matip taking his place at centre-back. Mac Allister remains in the side after his dismissal against Bournemouth was rescinded, while Gakpo moves forward from midfield to lead the line.
Newcastle have won 20 of their 34 home Premier League matches under Howe (D10 L4), with only Kevin Keegan winning 20 home top-flight matches in fewer games as Magpies boss (30 games). Prior to Howe’s appointment, their last 20 home wins had come over a period of 62 games. Can the hosts extend their impressive record? We are about to find out as the teams walk out at St. James' Park...
Referee John Brooks gets this Premier League clash under way!
Szoboszlai powers down the right-hand side and forces an early corner concession from Botman. Alexander-Arnold whips it in and Pope misses his punch, but Matip can only head high and wide of the target.
In another rushed attempt, Pope races out and hooks a clearance away for a Liverpool throw-in. The Newcastle goalkeeper is yet to settle as the Reds enjoy the more dominant opening.
Tonali dances around a couple of Liverpool midfielders but his throughball for Isak is overhit and Van Dijk intervenes. Guimaraes then handles near the centre circle, offering the Reds a free-kick.
As per the new directive for match officials, referee Brooks has no choice but to caution Alexander-Arnold after the right-back foolishly throws the ball away. A petulant act is punished immediately.
Is Alexander-Arnold lucky to stay on the pitch? The right-back hauls Gordon to the ground after the Newcastle winger bursts away. Both benches are going at one another, yet the Liverpool defender somehow escapes a second caution.
As if St. James' Park needed any further encouragement, the Magpies faithful are creating a deafening noise after that Alexander-Arnold tackle. The crowd somewhat quietens as Newcastle concede a corner on the right flank.
For a second time, Pope comes off his line and fails to punch Robertson's inswinging corner. Fortunately for Newcastle, Salah can't capitalise at the back post as the Magpies win a free-kick. Referee Brooks is going to have a lot to do in this game.
Gomez is already out warming up on the touchline as Klopp perhaps appears concerned over Alexander-Arnold, who is walking on thin ice after his early caution. Howe will want Burn and his Newcastle team-mates to get the ball to Gordon on the left wing as soon as possible.
Guimaraes makes a mockery of Mac Allister in midfield before the Liverpool man drags him down. Newcastle will have the chance to cross from a deep free-kick.
Trippier's long free-kick comes to nothing as Gakpo wins the second ball and a subsequent throw-in on the left-hand side. The Magpies are straight back into action, winning possession on their right.
Newcastle are winless in their last 13 Premier League games against Liverpool (D4 L9) since a 2-0 home win in December 2015. They've started well here, though.
SAVE! A loose ball cannons around in front of the Liverpool area before Isak offloads to Joelinton. The Brazilian aims a curling effort towards goal but Alisson saves with ease.
CHANCE! A dazzling Diaz run sees the Liverpool winger beat Trippier and power past Tonali. The Colombia international makes it towards the left of goal but sees his poked attempt parried around the post by Pope.
Newcastle are right in the faces of Liverpool as Alexander-Arnold rushes a clearance and sends it out of play. The Magpies need to capitalise on this momentum as Klopp's side appear flustered.
A needless Gakpo foul on Isak offers Newcastle a free-kick. Howe's hosts quickly resume working possession from side to side as they look to find an opening in behind the Reds defence.
Gakpo appears to be playing deeper to counteract Guimaraes' growing influence on this game. The Netherlands international allows Klopp far more flexibility in this line-up, as opposed to the likes of Jota and Nunez up top.
Almiron has acres of space on the right-hand side but Tonali, whose spin on the ball created space, sends his whipped pass out of play. Newcastle are stretching the Liverpool defence but are yet to really test Alisson.
Salah takes his time on the right flank, dancing around Burn and onto his favoured left foot. The Egypt winger looks for the top corner but sends his left-footed strike straight at Pope, who saves with ease.
GOOOOOOOOALLLLL! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! Alexander-Arnold will not want to see this one again. The Liverpool right-back fails to control a simple pass back from Salah, allowing Gordon to race through on goal. The Newcastle winger makes no mistake, sliding a right-footed finish through the legs of Alisson to open the scoring. The former Everton man comes back to haunt Liverpool!
Fortunate to not be dismissed, already on a booking and a woeful attempt setting up Gordon's goal, Alexander-Arnold has endured a torrid game thus far. It is his 200th appearance in the Premier League, though one he will likely want to forget.
RED CARD FOR VAN DIJK! Liverpool can’t believe their luck as the centre-back is shown a straight red card. The Netherlands defender brings down Isak, who was looking to burst onto a Gordon throughball. Referee Brooks dismisses Van Dijk straight away as the Newcastle striker was through on goal without the challenge.
Van Dijk, who still thinks he got some of the ball in his tackle on Isak, is furious as he makes his way off the pitch. The Liverpool centre-back couldn't be saved by a VAR review and trudges off, much to the delight of the Newcastle supporters.
After all the commotion, Newcastle will have a free-kick on the edge of the area... Schar steps up and smashes his effort straight into the wall. Tonali hits a rebound and the Magpies win a corner via a deflection.
CLOSE! Trippier delivers a deep, inswinging corner towards the far post. Burn leaps the highest and heads back across goal, only for Alisson to intervene in the nick of time.
Diaz is the Liverpool player sacrificed to bring on another defender after Van Dijk’s dismissal. Gomez comes on at centre-back.
Van Dijk's dismissal was his second red card in the Premier League (231st appearance), and his first since December 31, 2016. Newcastle have their tails up as they look to make the Reds pay for their one-man disadvantage.
HOW HAS THAT NOT GONE IN? Trippier goes short from a corner before crossing towards the back post, where Liverpool clear towards the edge of the area. Almiron hammers a left-footed volley towards the top-right corner but Alisson somehow tips onto the crossbar. The Reds goalkeeper parries away the subsequent rebound to complete a remarkable double save on his line.
Guimaraes crosses from the left-hand side but Alisson punches away with Joelinton breathing down his neck. Almiron tries his luck from the edge of the area once more, but the Newcastle winger fires well wide of the target this time.
Liverpool have had a player sent off in back-to-back Premier League games for the first time since March/April 2015 against Manchester United and Arsenal. They had only had 2 red cards across their previous 139 league matches before this.
A couple of free-kicks allow Liverpool some breathing room before half-time. This first half couldn't have gone much worse for Klopp, unless Newcastle further their advantage before the break, of course.
Gordon races away on the counter-attack after a fine Joelinton pass. The Newcastle winger finds Almiron, whose disguised pass for Trippier gets intercepted by Robertson. The Magpies should have created another opportunity there.
Guimaraes clips over the top for the run of Almiron but Gomez heads clear. Joelinton then commits another foul in midfield, and referee Brooks seems to suggest the Brazilian is on his final warning now.
Almiron needlessly drags on the arm of Mac Allister, conceding a free-kick in the middle of the pitch. Alexander-Arnold and Szoboszlai discuss who is going to clip this one in.
Szoboszlai inexplicably goes for goal from around 35 yards out. Unsurprisingly, the Hungary international's free-kick sails over the crossbar as the fourth official indicates there will be a minimum of four additional minutes to end this half.
Joelinton goes through the back of Mac Allister but yet again avoids a caution. Klopp is far from happy on the touchline as the Newcastle midfielder continues to avoid disciplinary action.
Robertson's inswinging free-kick almost finds Gomez at the back post but Joelinton heads behind for a corner. Alexander-Arnold whips in the set-piece towards the far post, but Salah can't get a shot on goal under pressure from Tonali.
Tonali is quickly becoming a favourite in Newcastle as the former Milan midfielder dances around two tackles and wins a free-kick after a Gomez foul. The Italian has lived up to his price tag thus far.
HALF-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 1-0 LIVERPOOL
Newcastle head into the break 1-0 up against Liverpool after Gordon's 25th-minute opener from Alexander-Arnold's sloppy mistake. Things went from bad to worse for the Reds after the opening goal, with Van Dijk dismissed for a last-man challenge on Isak. The Magpies are well in the ascendancy at St. James' Park.
The Magpies were beaten twice by Liverpool last season in the Premier League, and they appeared to be out for revenge with their frantic first-half showing. Howe will be asking for more of the same, with additional ruthlessness up top. Klopp, by contrast, has it all to do in the second half with the Reds a goal – and a man – down.
Referee Brooks gets the second half under way as Newcastle start proceedings!
An inviting Gordon left-wing cross is just about cleared at the near post by Gomez. Isak was there ready and waiting, only for the centre-back to hook it away with a lunging clearance.
Gordon sends Alexander-Arnold one way and then the other before driving a low cross towards the near post. Isak gets the first touch but Gomez manages to clear.
Gakpo bursts through the middle of the pitch before a combination of Tonali and Joelinton haul the Liverpool forward down. Alexander-Arnold whips a disappointing free-kick straight out of play.
CHANCE! Tonali ghosts into a pocket of space before finding Joelinton, who beats Alexander-Arnold on the left of the area and drives a cross towards the far post. Almiron takes on a left-footed attempt at the first time of asking, but he fires wildly over the target from a great opportunity.
Trippier smashes through the back of Mac Allister with a late challenge and goes into the referee's book.
Liverpool are all over the place as Robertson fails to find a team-mate with an aimless long free-kick. Whatever Klopp's message was at half-time hasn't worked, with the Magpies remaining in control.
Klopp is going berserk on the touchline but somehow avoids a caution from referee Brooks. The Liverpool manager's frustration with his side seems like it is being taken out on the match officials.
Gordon goes in search of a second goal but his right-footed curled attempt is straight at Alisson. Mac Allister then does well to guide the ball out for a Liverpool goal-kick with Isak lurking.
Newcastle haven’t lost any of their last 22 Premier League games when they’ve taken the lead (W19 D3) since a 2-1 loss at Liverpool last August. At St. James’ Park, the Magpies are yet to lose in the league under Howe after taking the lead (W20 D6), last doing so in Steve Bruce’s last game in charge in October 2021 against Tottenham.
Tonali leaves Gomez in his tracks after bursting down the right-hand side. The Newcastle midfielder arrows a low cross for Gordon but Alexander-Arnold turns it behind for a corner, which comes to nothing as Guimaraes fires over.
Klopp makes a double change. The first of which sees Jota replace Gakpo.
A quiet debut for Endo comes to a conclusion as Elliott comes on in midfield.
Szoboszlai races forward and releases Jota down the left flank before the Liverpool substitute's low cross is turned behind for a corner by Joelinton.
Szoboszlai whips in the corner from the left-hand side but Newcastle stand tall to clear at the near post. Klopp's side are far from out of this one yet, despite their one-man disadvantage.
Isak needlessly fouls Gomez in an aerial duel and Liverpool, who are enjoying a dominant period of play, have a chance to cross from deep with a free-kick. Robertson swings towards the head of Gomez, who nods harmlessly over Pope's goal.
Robertson and Jota exchange a one-two, with the former powering down the left wing. Joelinton, who seems to be everywhere, recovers and muscles the left-back out the way.
WIDE! Gordon drops his shoulder and drives inside from the left flank, leaving Alexander-Arnold nowhere to be seen again. The Newcastle winger makes it to the edge of the area before lashing a right-footed piledriver just wide to the right of Alisson's goal.
A careless Jota foul on Trippier offers Newcastle a free-kick in a promising right-wing position. The Magpies right-back whips in the set-piece but Botman flicks a header well wide to the left of goal.
WHAT A CHALLENGE! Jota progresses inside from the left flank and slips a delicate pass through for the run of Salah. The Egypt international is just about to pull the trigger inside the area, but Botman saves the day with a last-ditch lunging tackle.
Wilson has scored six goals in his last seven Premier League appearances at St. James’ Park for Newcastle, averaging a goal every 56 minutes across those games, with five of the six strikes coming as a substitute. He's preparing to come on here for the Magpies, who must first defend a corner after Botman clears behind.
Robertson curls a right-wing corner towards the penalty spot, where Joelinton heads behind for another set-piece on the opposite side. Szoboszlai takes the next corner, but Botman clears the danger.
Botman is again in action to head behind for yet another Liverpool corner, their third in quick succession. Robertson delivers a delightful inswinger but Howe's defence stand firm to head away.
After a hectic passage of the game, Howe finally gets to make his changes. The first of which sees Isak replaced by Wilson.
Alexander-Arnold will be glad to see the back of Gordon, who comes off for Barnes.
Seemingly a late decision with Tonali struggling, the Italian also makes way for Longstaff.
A hopeful Longstaff cross finds Wilson, who heads well wide of the target at the near post. The England striker has more goals off the bench than any other Premier League player in 2023 (5), with Oumar Niasse (6) and Olivier Giroud (7) the last players to score more in a single year back in 2017.
Pope comes a long way off his line to head away as Salah looks to break down the right-hand side. The Newcastle goalkeeper has been quick to sweep up any danger in this game.
Jota goes down under an aerial challenge of Trippier inside the area. The Newcastle right-back is straight in the face of the Portugal forward, who seemed to be appealing for a penalty that was never going to be given by referee Brooks.
OFF THE POST! A spectacular Almiron run leaves Mac Allister chasing shadows on the right-hand side. The Newcastle winger makes it into the area before whipping a left-footed curled attempt off the left post. The Magpies were so close to extending their lead there!
Trippier floats a high left-wing corner towards the far post, where Joelinton heads downwards. Alisson falls to the floor, seemingly under no pressure, but Liverpool manage to hook away a clearance.
Klopp signals his attacking intent by sending on Nunez for Mac Allister.
With Klopp short of options at the back, 20-year-old Quansah comes on for his Liverpool debut, replacing Matip.
The Newcastle bench are up on their feet as Wilson is deemed to be pulling back on the shirt of Robertson. The decision could have gone either way, but Liverpool profit from the referee's opinion on this occasion.
Joelinton releases Barnes with an incisive pass down the left-hand side. The former Leicester City man takes too long, though, before opting to shoot and seeing his effort blocked. A loose ball almost falls to Wilson inside the six-yard area before Liverpool clear.
Liverpool's substitutions appear to have offered the Reds a newly found energy. Can Klopp's side find a late equaliser here for a truly smash-and-grab away performance with 10 men?
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLL! LIVERPOOL EQUALISE TO MAKE IT 1-1! Down to 10 men and a goal behind, the Reds somehow find a way back through Nunez. Botman makes a mess as the ball ricochets off his back on Newcastle's left-hand side before the Uruguay striker races into the area and drills a low right-footed drive into the bottom-left corner.
Howe needs another goal now and opts to send Anderson on for the impressive Joelinton.
Liverpool are on the longest current unbeaten run in the Premier League, a run of 13 matches (W8 D5) since losing 4-1 at Manchester City in April. They’ve fallen behind in five games in that sequence, gaining nine points from losing positions, more than any other side since the first game of this unbeaten run. Can the Reds come from behind for all three points again?
Nunez goes into the referee's book after foolishly kicking the ball away to stop Newcastle taking a quick free-kick.
Play comes to a temporary halt after Botman goes down inside the Liverpool area following an attempt to head towards goal. Newcastle may have a problem here, and it looks like Howe will make his fifth and final change.
Botman, seemingly struggling with his right ankle, limps off to a rapturous applause as Targett comes on his place.
Targett and Guimaraes are on different wavelengths as the Brazil midfielder chips over the top into the hands of Alisson. The Magpies are yet to test the Liverpool goalkeeper since Nunez's equaliser.
Newcastle and their supporters scream in an appeal for handball from Robertson, who blocked Almiron's whipped attempt inside the area. Referee Brooks, nor the VAR, show any inclination to give a penalty for the hosts.
Wilson gets in front of Quansah but can only manage to drag a right-footed half-chance over the crossbar. Alisson will take his time with this goal-kick as the fourth official indicates a minimum of five additional minutes.
Newcastle want a foul for a Quansah push on Wilson, with their fury further increasing after Jota wins a cheap free-kick in the middle of the pitch. Liverpool opt to go short and retain possession.
CLOSE! A delightful Anderson pass finds Trippier, who clips a right-sided chip towards the front post. Longstaff gets there first but his inventive right-footed flick is saved at the near post by Alisson.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! LIVERPOOL GO 2-1 UP AND SURELY STEAL IT AT THE DEATH! The Reds are in dreamland as Nunez doubles his account with a deadly finish past Pope. Salah played the initial pass down the right-hand side for the substitute, who took his time before slotting into the far corner.
Newcastle are in disarray after Salah's delicate throughball frees Nunez, who makes no mistake to fire past Pope from inside the area.
Alexander-Arnold celebrates a throw-in in the far corner like a goal, sending the Liverpool supporters into a frenzy. Newcastle are running out of time now...
The Magpies have one final chance through a free-kick on the right flank. There's a brief pause, though, as the referee has words with Gomez and Longstaff.
Trippier whips the deep free-kick towards the penalty spot, where goalkeeper Pope gets his head on it. Alisson watches it sail wide of the target, and that should seal Liverpool's smash-and-grab victory at St. James' Park!
FULL-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 1-2 LIVERPOOL
Liverpool complete a remarkable comeback to win 2-1 at St. James' Park, despite Newcastle playing with a one-man advantage for over an hour. The Magpies were well in control after Gordon's first-half opener and Van Dijk's dismissal soon after, only for the Reds to roar back late in the second half. Nunez stole the show from the bench, with the Uruguay striker firing twice in quick succession to steal all three points for Klopp's side.
Klopp and his coaching staff celebrate with real vigour after an unbelievable victory at St. James' Park, where Newcastle were previously unbeaten in 26 Premier League home games under Howe after taking the lead (W20 D6). The Reds have delivered a statement of intent, punishing the Magpies for failing to capitalise on their early dominance.
Liverpool host Aston Villa next Sunday, while Newcastle visit Brighton and Hove Albion the day before. Thanks for joining this coverage of a memorable Premier League clash, until next time – goodbye!
Hello everyone and a warm welcome to our live text coverage of the Premier League match between Sheffield United and Manchester City at Bramall Lane.
Reigning champions City will be favourites to continue their perfect start to the new season, in which they have collected all six points. Meanwhile, United are still looking to get off the mark after opening the campaign with back-to-back defeats.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-5-2): Wes Foderingham; Anel Ahmedhodzic, John Egan, Jack Robinson; George Baldock, Gustavo Hamer, Oliver Norwood, Vinicius, Ben Osborn; Benie Traore, William Osula.
SUBS: Adam Davies, Auston Trusty, Chris Basham, Oli McBurnie, Ismaila Coulibaly, Jayden Bogle, Yacine Larouci, Louie Marsh, Andre Brooks.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-2-3-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Ruben Dias, Nathan Ake, Josko Gvardiol; Rodri, Mateo Kovacic; Bernardo Silva, Julian Alvarez, Jack Grealish; Erling Haaland.
SUBS: Stefan Ortega, Kalvin Phillips, Jeremy Doku, Sergio Gomez, Phil Foden, Oscar Bobb, Cole Palmer, Rico Lewis, James McAtee.
Paul Heckingbottom makes just a single change from the Blades' 2-1 defeat at Nottingham Forest last time out. Baldock returns from injury to replace Max Lowe, who limped off at half-time at the City Ground. McBurnie, Bogle and Coulibaly are back on the bench, but the likes of John Fleck, Rhian Brewster, Daniel Jebbison and Rhys Norrington-Davies remain absent.
Meanwhile, assistant coach Juanma Lillo leads City today in the absence of Pep Guardiola, who is recovering after a back operation. There are two changes from the narrow win over Newcastle United. Silva is back from illness while Ake also starts with Foden dropping to the bench. New signing Doku could make his debut as a substitute following his arrival from Rennes earlier this week.
City have won each of their last five meetings with United, also keeping a clean sheet on each occasion.
The teams are greeted by a wonderful atmosphere at Bramall Lane. Kick-off is just moments away.
The referee blows his whistle and City get us under way.
City quickly settle into their rhythm and take control of possession. Although, United can breathe for a second with a goal-kick after Grealish just loses control of the ball.
Though they will be favourites here, it is worth noting City have not kept three successive Premier League clean sheets for nearly two years now - last achieving the feat in December 2021.
Haaland involved for the first time as Silva whips a ball towards him in the box. However, he cannot keep his header down.
United enjoy a rare venture forward with Norwood's challenge enabling Traore to lead the charge. He looks to thread a throughball for Osborn, but Dias reads the danger well and intervenes.
The Blades are winless in their last eight league meetings with City, last tasting victory in January 2000.
Chance! Haaland has his first meaningful sight on goal. Alvarez picks out the Norwegian, but he can only head straight at Foderingham.
City apply the pressure from a corner. But the hosts maintain their concentration levels and eventually clear their lines.
There is a concern for United with Osborn staying down and in need of medical attention. It remains to be seen whether or not he can continue.
Osborn is unable to continue after picking up a knock. He is replaced by Larouci.
Kovacic embarks on a powerful run from midfield and drives into the heart of the United defence, eventually drawing a foul from Traore. City have a free-kick in a dangerous position.
OFFSIDE! NO GOAL! City think they have taken the lead when Ake bundles the ball home from a free-kick. But the joy is short-lived after Rodri is rightly ruled offside.
We are still goalless at the midway point in the first half, but City have dominated proceedings and enjoyed a whopping 83 per cent of possession so far.
City have never lost in the Premier League against United, winning seven and drawing three of the previous 10 encounters.
GREAT SAVE! The visitors threaten and the ball ricochets kindly in the box for the unmarked Alvarez, who is brilliantly denied by Foderingham.
Back where his career started, Walker sends an inviting low ball into the box. But none of his team-mates are alert and able to pounce.
City are awarded a free-kick 30 yards from goal. Silva leaves it for Alvarez, whose ambitious attempt is always rising.
City have won all nine Premier League games in which Alvarez has scored. Only Chris Smalling has netted in more Premier League games while ending on the winning side each time (11).
PENALTY TO CITY! A lovely move culminates in Alvarez's cross striking Egan on the arm. The referee shows no hesitation in pointing to the spot.
HAALAND HITS THE POST! A rare collector's item as City's number nine fails from 12 yards. Haaland sends Foderingham the wrong way, but sees his effort bounce back off the upright.
Well, he is human. That was only the second time Haaland has been unsuccessful from 12 yards for City. The Norway international had netted his other eight attempts.
Buoyed by Haaland's missed penalty, United look to capitalise on their reprieve. Larouci seeks out Osula with a throughball, but the latter is offside.
City look to break the deadlock before half-time and Rodri tries his luck from range. But his effort is comfortably gathered by Foderingham.
The visitors continue to threaten and Grealish squeezes the ball into the box, but United survive again.
We are into the second of four additional minutes at the end of this first half. City are pushing for the opening goal and United are clinging on.
Baldock is late on Grealish and goes into the book. Tempers are flaring slightly as this first half draws to a close.
HALF-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-0 MANCHESTER CITY
We are goalless at half-time despite a dominant opening 45 minutes from Manchester City at Bramall Lane. The reigning Premier League champions enjoyed over 83 per cent of possession and registered 12 unanswered shots - one of those seeing Erling Haaland's penalty hit the post - but that opening goal continues to elude them.
Although on the back foot for large periods of that first half, United will be thrilled to go into the break still all square. But the hosts will know they must up their game on the restart.
United get the ball rolling again in the second half.
City are quickly on top again after the restart. Rodri tries his luck on a couple of occasions, but both shots are high and wide of the target.
WIDE! It is not happening for Haaland at the moment. Walker fizzes in a cross towards his number nine, but he cannot direct it towards goal from eight yards out.
The visitors keep pushing for the opening goal and force a corner, but United survive once more.
Gvardiol's cross is deflected behind for another corner. Can City find the breakthrough, or will their opponents continue to frustrate them?
Dias is the latest player to try his luck for City. Egan is well-placed to divert his attempt away for yet another corner.
JUST WIDE! Grealish teases the hosts' defence before feeding Rodri, who works space before drilling his shot whiskers wide of the far post.
Osula is booked after tangling with Gvardiol.
GOOD SAVE! Foderingham comes to United's rescue again as he rushes out to deny Haaland, who had threaded onto Kovacic's throughball.
The visitors continue to threaten and Alvarez draws another smart save out of Foderingham, before Walker fires narrowly over from distance.
HAALAND!!! 1-0 CITY! At long last, Haaland has his goal! Grealish is the provider as he teases Baldock before sending a delicious cross to the far post, where Haaland powers home his header.
Grealish created the opening goal with a wonderful cross to the far post for Haaland to attack.
A concern for United as Foderingham stays down after the goal. The medical team are quickly on to tend to the goalkeeper.
Thankfully for the hosts, Foderingham gets back to his feet and is fine to continue.
There was more relief than ecstasy in Haaland's face when he broke the deadlock. City's number nine has had to be patient after his penalty miss and seeing other opportunities go begging, but his goal has finally arrived.
OFFSIDE! NO GOAL! Haaland gets in behind again as he latches onto Alvarez's throughball before slotting home. But the brief joy is cut short by the offside flag.
United make a double change. The first sees McBurnie replace Osula.
The hosts' other change sees Bogle replace Baldock.
There is a break in play with Grealish in need of attention following a heavy challenge.
GREAT BLOCK! United send a long throw into the box. Ederson punches straight to Hamer, whose shot is brilliantly blocked by Dias. Soon after, the City goalkeeper sends a poor clearance straight to Ahmedhodzic, whose instant long-range attempt is not too far wide.
The hosts have their tails up and are asking questions of City. McBurnie neatly holds the ball up before seeking out Traore, and Ake is forced to make an important intervention at the expense of a corner.
Norwood's corner is met by McBurnie, but he cannot steer his header towards the target.
Vinicius stops Silva in his tracks and the referee is quick to show him a yellow card.
GOOD SAVE! Alvarez goes for goal with a 25-yard free-kick. His delivery dips nicely and Foderingham is forced to push it away.
United make another change as Basham replaces Norwood.
The hosts push again with Traore leading the charge down the left. But Walker tracks his run all the way and is deemed to win the ball fairly, despite United's protests.
Egan goes into the book for a foul on Grealish.
City counter with Grealish leading the charge. He tees up Alvarez, who gets a shot away from distance, but Foderingham easily gathers.
BOGLE!!! 1-1! UNITED ARE LEVEL! They have been knocking at the door and it has finally opened for them. Walker's attempted backheeled clearance is intercepted and the ball is worked out to Bogle, who brilliantly drills across Ederson and into the far corner.
City turn straight to the bench with an attacking change that sees Foden replace Kovacic.
CHANCE! City look to respond immediately and Foden tees up Alvarez, who sweeps the ball just too high.
RODRI!!! 2-1 CITY! The visitors regain the lead! What a response it has been! Atoning for his error, Walker does well to regain possession before crossing for Foden, who cannot get the ball under control. Thankfully for the champions, it drops nicely for Rodri to brilliantly drill into the top corner.
Foden could not quite control Walker's cross, but it broke nicely for Rodri to wonderfully finish into the top-left corner.
CHANCE! Ahmedhodzic should do better! The centre-half is the furthest player forward for United, who go straight down the other end in search of the equaliser. McBurnie sends a wonderful cross to the far post, where the defender is unable to volley home from inside the six-yard box.
OVER! It is end-to-end stuff as we enter the second of seven additional minutes. The ball is laid back for Larouci, who shoots from a tight angle, but his effort is over. It may have been wiser to seek out a team-mate from there.
Haaland draws a throw-in as the United defenders desperately attempt to regain possession. City have the ball as the clock ticks down.
There are just 60 seconds of stoppage time remaining. City are almost there.
FULL-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 1-2 MANCHESTER CITY
Rodri was the hero with his late strike maintaining Manchester City's perfect start to the Premier League season. Erling Haaland, who missed a first-half penalty, put the reigning champions ahead just after the hour mark, though Sheffield United looked like they had snatched a point when substitute Jayden Bogle equalised five minutes from time. But there was to be another twist just three minutes later, when Rodri fired a wonderful first-time shot into the top-left corner to ensure victory.
City will look for a fourth successive win when they host Fulham at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday. Meanwhile, United are in midweek EFL Cup action against Lincoln City, before seeking their first Premier League point of the season at home to Everton on Saturday.
That's all for today. Thank you for following our coverage. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this huge Premier League fixture as Arsenal host old rivals Manchester United at the Emirates Stadium!
Arsenal have made an unbeaten start to the new campaign, taking seven points from their first three Premier League games, but the Gunners have not been totally convincing. Mikel Arteta has sought to experiment in a bid to make his side less predictable, but narrow wins over Nottingham Forest and Crystal Palace were followed by a dramatic 2-2 draw with Fulham on this ground last week. A win over United would settle a few nerves in north London and raise hopes of another title push.
Manchester United, meanwhile, have posted two victories and one defeat so far this term, but Erik ten Hag's men were perhaps fortunate to overcome Wolves and Nottingham Forest at home and were truly dreadful in their defeat at Tottenham. The Red Devils had an abysmal record in away games against the Premier League's finest last season – if they are to build on 2022-23's third-place finish, they simply must improve on their travels.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): Aaron Ramsdale; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Kai Havertz; Bukayo Saka, Eddie Nketiah, Gabriel Martinelli.
ARSENAL SUBS: David Raya, Gabriel Jesus, Emile Smith Rowe, Jakub Kiwior, Takehiro Tomiyasu, Leandro Trossard, Jorginho, Fabio Vieira, Reiss Nelson.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Victor Lindelof, Lisandro Martinez, Diogo Dalot; Casemiro, Christian Eriksen; Antony, Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford; Anthony Martial.
MANCHESTER UNITED SUBS: Altay Bayindir, Harry Maguire, Rasmus Hojlund, Sergio Reguilon, Alejandro Garnacho, Facundo Pellistri, Jonny Evans, Daniel Gore, Hannibal Mejbri.
Arteta makes three changes to the team that started against Fulham, reverting to a tried-and-tested formula. Thomas Partey has been used at right-back so far this term, but he is out injured. Gabriel and Zinchenko come into the back four with Kiwior also dropping out, while Nketiah replaces Trossard in attack – he scored twice when these sides last met in January.
Ten Hag is forced into one change to the side that started against Forest last week. Varane has joined Luke Shaw, Tyrell Malacia and Mason Mount on the injury list, so Lindelof partners Martinez at the back. The other big piece of news is that new striker Hojlund is fit enough to make the bench. He's one of four signings among the substitutes, alongside Bayindir, Reguilon and the returning Evans.
United have taken just six points from their last 10 Premier League trips to London clubs (W1 D3 L6), and are winless in their last five in the capital (D2 L3). Who will edge this battle between two Premier League giants? Kick-off is rapidly approaching, and we're about to find out!
We're under way at the Emirates as Martial gets the ball rolling for United. There's an electric atmosphere in north London for this one!
Havertz plays a neat ball over the top for Martinelli, but the Brazilian fails to pick out Nketiah or Odegaard with his cross, which Martinez hammers clear.
Martinelli looks up for this game. He tries to beat Wan-Bissaka on the left before crossing against the United defender to win an early corner for Arsenal.
It's an early test for the United defence as Martinelli receives the ball from a short corner and looks to drive down the byline, with Fernandes opting against a risky challenge before the Arsenal winger sees his cross blocked.
With Manchester City boasting a perfect record and the likes of Tottenham and Liverpool starting the season strongly, both teams will know any missteps could be costly even this early on in the campaign. There's a real intensity to this match already, just like old times!
Arsenal get some encouragement as United struggle to play through the Gunners' fierce press. Casemiro then hoists a long pass out of play.
There's a much more familiar look to Arsenal's shape here. Zinchenko is drifting inside to join Rice in midfield when the Gunners have possession, reprising his role from last season. Arteta's use of Partey at right-back did not really work in the first few games of the campaign.
United have lost five of their last nine Premier League meetings with Arsenal (W2 D2), one more than they did in their previous 23 against the Gunners in the competition (W12 D7 L4).
United are enjoying plenty of the ball early on, but Arsenal are content to bide their time, choosing their moment to press and attempt to force an error.
United took one point from eight away games against the rest of the Premier League's top nine teams last season. That record simply has to change if Ten Hag is to enjoy a successful second campaign in the Red Devils' dugout.
Saka embarks on a menacing run down the right before checking back to find Odegaard, who is swiftly crowded out by Casemiro and Eriksen. United's midfield duo have started well.
GREAT CHANCE FOR ARSENAL! Rice makes a terrific challenge on Fernandes to set the Gunners on the attack. Martinelli's cross is headed against Martial by Dalot, with the ball then dropping kindly for Havertz. He has a free shot at goal from eight yards out but completely misses his kick!
Fernandes clears an Arsenal corner from the left, but the hosts retain possession and look to come again. Wan-Bissaka's sliced clearance only finds Martinelli, who wins another corner.
Onana rises to punch the corner clear, and United get out quickly to stop Saka from having a shot at goal. The Gunners are coming into this contest after making a slightly cautious start.
We saw one of the best games of the 2022-23 season when these two teams last met in January. Nketiah – who is back in the Arsenal lineup here and earned an England call-up this week – scored a last-gasp winner as Arsenal triumphed 3-2 on that occasion. He'd love a repeat of that!
More pressure from Arsenal as Odegaard sees a shot charged down, before Martinelli hangs up a teasing cross towards the far post. Under pressure from Saka, Dalot nods it behind for a corner.
Over! Saka's corner is met by Rice, but the former West Ham skipper can only send his header over the crossbar. He should perhaps have done better after losing his man.
United are really struggling to play through the thirds. Lindelof (24) is the only visiting player to manage more touches so far than Onana's 22. Arsenal's press is causing issues for the Red Devils.
The home fans are furious as Saka is penalised after challenging Dalot, just as the England international looked to be bearing down on the United penalty area. Replays show the referee's decision was correct – Dalot was definitely caught.
Now it's Arteta's turn to berate Anthony Taylor as White is left in a heap by Martial's challenge. The right-back is soon back to his feet, and he will be okay to continue.
Arsenal have lost just two of their last 24 Premier League home games (W18 D4), going down against Manchester City in February and Brighton and Hove Albion in May. The Gunners have scored in 22 of these 24 games, netting at least twice in 20 of those, but they've also only kept four clean sheets in this run. Neutrals will be hoping for more goalmouth action here!
Only 10 of United's passes so far have come in the final third. The Red Devils are being allowed to circulate the ball in their own half, but they're struggling to make any attacking headway.
Antony is very fortunate to avoid a booking, having petulantly kicked the ball away following his foul on Gabriel. The home fans aren't happy with Taylor here.
GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAL! RASHFORD SCORES FOR UNITED! The Red Devils score from their first touch in the Arsenal penalty area! Wan-Bissaka almost cedes possession to Martinelli in his own box, but Havertz then plays a sloppy pass straight to Eriksen. He slides a pass through for Rashford on the break, and the England man cuts inside White before firing a shot off the far post and in. 1-0!
Eriksen gets the assist, having pounced on a loose pass before finding Rashford's run in behind. Great vision from the Dane!
GOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAL! ODEGAARD LEVELS IMMEDIATELY! United's lead is wiped out within two minutes! It comes from a flowing Arsenal move as Nketiah picks out Martinelli inside the area, and the Brazilian finds Odegaard with a cutback towards the edge of the box. Arsenal's captain steadies himself before firing into the bottom-right corner! Arsenal 1-1 Manchester United!
Martinelli has been so lively early on, and he gets the assist for Odegaard's goal after finding his captain in space near the edge of the box!
This game has burst into life now! There was less than two minutes between the two goals, and Arsenal look very up for this now! Saka cuts inside before seeing a teasing cross headed out by Martinez.
Danger for Arsenal! Dalot and Rashford combine on the United left before the latter's cross is taken off Wan-Bissaka's toes by Fernandes. He tees up Eriksen, who sees a threatening effort deflect just wide!
Arsenal deal with United's corner before looking to break, but a pass towards Nketiah is mishit and the visitors survive. We've got a real contest on our hands now!
Arsenal have won four of their last five home league games against Manchester United (D1), including the last two in a row. They last won three in a row against the Red Devils at home between 1988 and 1991.
United's best route to goal certainly seems to be through Rashford on the left flank. He receives a long ball forward before playing it into Martial, but White and Saliba combine to crowd the striker out.
United have just slowed the pace of the game now, recycling possession in deep areas. Ten Hag will be furious with his side for letting their lead slip so quickly.
DANGER! Antony loses his footing in the area, allowing Saka to hammer a clearance upfield. It stays in play as Nketiah looks to beat Lindelof for pace on the Arsenal left, and the United defender scythes the striker down with a desperate challenge.
Lindelof is deservedly booked for that challenge. Had it taken place in a more central area, the card may have been a different colour.
Over! Rashford steps inside and lets fly from 25 yards out, but his strike is always rising as it whistles beyond the top-right corner.
Saka takes a heavy touch before diving in on Fernandes, catching the United captain on the ankle with his studs. The winger is booked, and a VAR check decides there is no need to upgrade his card to a red one – there was no intent and the challenge was low to the ground.
Arsenal are enjoying a spell in possession as we enter the closing stages of this opening period. This game has been played with all the intensity we expect when Arsenal and United face off.
Arsenal threaten as Dalot clears a teasing cross ahead of Saka, before Odegaard gets the Gunners moving again. He finds Martinelli to his left, and the Brazilian wins a corner with a deflected cross.
United deal with the corner before Antony wins a foul inside his own area, easing the pressure on the visitors.
Fernandes heads Casemiro's long pass against Gabriel before appealing for handball, but there was no chance of a penalty there – the VAR check is swiftly complete.
We're into three additional minutes at the end of this first half, with United back in possession inside their own half.
Martinelli beats Wan-Bissaka again with some fancy footwork before seeing a cross turned behind for a corner. The United right-back has endured a difficult half.
The corner drops for Nketiah at the far post, and he offloads to Saka. Saka strides inside before shooting from the edge of the box, but Lindelof makes a crucial block ahead of Onana.
Quick thinking from White, whose throw-in almost sends Nketiah to the byline, only for Martinez to clear behind. Saka's corner is a deep one, and Havertz turns it comfortably wide.
HALF-TIME: ARSENAL 1-1 MANCHESTER UNITED.
It's all square as the half-time whistle sounds at the Emirates, with Arsenal and Manchester United locked together at 1-1. United started cautiously but scored with their first attempt of the game on the counter-attack, with Rashford cutting inside to beat Ramsdale with a fine finish. Their lead lasted less than two minutes, however, as Odegaard swept home from Martinelli's cutback. Arsenal have looked threatening since the leveller, with Martinelli their most dangerous player on the left, but it's all to play for in the second half!
United enjoyed 55 per cent of the possession in the opening 45 minutes, but they managed just three shots to Arsenal's nine, and five touches in the area to the Gunners' 16. However, both teams have managed just one shot on target apiece – both coaches will be demanding more after the interval.
Arsenal get the second half under way! Can the Gunners complete the turnaround to maintain their strong start to the season?
Saliba (31) was the only Arsenal player to better Onana's 30 successful passes in the first half. That gives an idea of how this game has played out.
Zinchenko wins possession in midfield before sending Saka down the right. White overlaps to cross, but Onana rises to claim it comfortably.
After 42 minutes, United had played 184 passes in their own half – 49 more than in any other first half they've played in the Premier League this season. Arsenal have managed to pen United back, but the visitors have been content to play in deep areas.
Arsenal are enjoying a spell in possession now. The second half has started at a slow pace, but you get the sense this game could explode into life at any moment.
Odegaard finds Martinelli peeling off at the back post, but Antony gets back to block his compatriot's cross and he even wins a goal-kick. That was good work from the winger.
Havertz dispossesses Fernandes to get Arsenal on the attack. The ball is worked right to Odegaard, but his long-range effort is blocked away for a throw-in.
Eriksen looks to scamper away on the counter-attack, but the former Tottenham man stumbles and the ball rolls out for an Arsenal throw. The home fans enjoyed that.
Wan-Bissaka's loose clearance is picked up by Martinelli, but the United right-back recovers with a strong slide tackle. Arsenal work the resulting throw into Nketiah, but Lindelof blocks his tame shot from just inside the area.
GREAT OPENING FOR UNITED! Fernandes finds Martial running through on the left side of the box, but Ramsdale makes himself big to turn the Frenchman's powerful drive away. Rashford follows up with the goal gaping, but Gabriel is on hand to make a massive block.
Saka has been quiet so far for Arsenal. He has scored on each of his last three Premier League appearances against Manchester United – no player in Arsenal's history has ever scored in four consecutive league games against the Red Devils.
Arsenal win a left-wing corner and work it short to Nketiah. He fails to find space for a shot but Arsenal keep the attack alive, and Fernandes eventually fouls Martinelli near the corner flag.
Martinelli delivers the free-kick low towards the near post, where it is flicked on and eventually hacked clear by Lindelof.
PENALTY TO ARSENAL! Havertz receives a pass from Nketiah before darting between Wan-Bissaka and Casemiro into the box. He's set to pull the trigger, but Wan-Bissaka dangles a foot and brings him down. Anthony Taylor wastes no time in pointing to the spot, but there's a VAR check to confirm it…
Well, well. The referee has been sent to the monitor to review the incident! The contact was only slight, so Wan-Bissaka may receive a huge reprieve!
NO PENALTY! The referee scrutinises the collision at the VAR monitor, and while there was contact between Wan-Bissaka's hip and Havertz, it isn't deemed sufficient to send the German over. Anthony Taylor signals that the penalty will not stand!
Odegaard works space for a shot on the left side of the penalty area, but he lifts a tame attempt straight at Onana. United break quickly, but Saliba matches Rashford stride-for-stride to force them back.
Martinelli stands a cross up for Saka, but Dalot watches it carefully before making a crucial defensive header. United look set to introduce new striker Hojlund for his debut shortly…
Martinez is booked for a clumsy foul on Nketiah. The referee played advantage, with Martinelli eventually seeing a cross headed behind for an Arsenal corner.
Martinez goes down before Arsenal can take their corner. The Argentine hurt himself while fouling Nketiah, and forgotten man Harry Maguire looks likely to replace him from the bench! It's another defensive injury for Ten Hag to deal with.
Hojlund makes his Manchester United debut after joining from Atalanta! He replaces Martial.
Maguire is also on in advance of the Arsenal corner, with Martinez unable to continue.
SO CLOSE TO 2-1! Arsenal pull the corner back to Martinelli, who side-foots just wide from 20 yards out! Onana wasn't getting to that one, and he was grateful to see it roll wide of the post!
Onana is booked for timewasting ahead of United's goal-kick. He then punts the ball downfield in a change of approach from the visitors.
Hojlund battles with Gabriel to reach a long ball forward, but the new recruit comes out second-best as the Arsenal defender holds his own. United have been in need of a focal point – can Hojlund make an immediate impact?
Rashford's opener made him just the second United player to score in three consecutive Premier League appearances against Arsenal, after former Gunner Robin van Persie did so between 2012 and 2013. He has been quiet since the break, however.
Arsenal are living dangerously as Rashford beats White and advances down the byline. He tries to find Hojlund with his cutback, but Saliba is there to smother the attempt, allowing the hosts to clear.
Rice plays a neat one-two with Havertz but Antony is on hand to intercept the midfielder's next pass. Arsenal have lost their way in attack since seeing their penalty award overturned by the VAR earlier in this half.
Fernandes finds Rashford in a dangerous position on the United left, and the England international wins a corner off Saliba. The set-piece is worked out to Antony on the edge, but his tame effort is blocked. Both teams need more composure in the final third.
Arteta is preparing three changes as Arsenal hunt a winner, with Jesus among the players waiting to enter the action.
Jesus replaces Nketiah. There will be no repeat of January's late heroics against United for him.
Tomiyasu, meanwhile, comes on for Zinchenko.
Vieira replaces Havertz, who has been quiet, in Arsenal's third substitution.
Saka looks to reach a return pass from Odegaard before going down under pressure from Dalot. There was nothing doing there, it was another strong intervention from United's stand-in left-back.
United waste a good opening on the break! Rashford has support from Hojlund but opts to cut inside and shoot from the left, and he can only send his effort into a crowd of red shirts.
We're into the final 10 minutes of the 90 and this contest remains finely poised. Can either team find a winner?
HUGE CHANCE FOR SAKA! Arsenal should be 2-1 up! Martinelli glides infield with more excellent footwork before finding Odegaard, who pauses before offloading to White on the right side of the box. His low cross drops perfectly for Saka eight yards out, but he side-foots straight at Onana! That was the best opportunity of the second half!
Onana knew very little about that last save – if Saka had placed his shot anywhere else in the goal, the Gunners would be 2-1 up! Will they get another chance to win it?
Garnacho replaces Antony as Ten Hag refreshes his attack. The Brazilian has put a good shift in here.
Evans gets a second United debut, with Lindelof withdrawn. That must be due to another fitness concern, and United now have a makeshift partnership of Evans and Maguire!
Wan-Bissaka concedes a corner, but Martinelli's terrible delivery is hacked clear at the near post. Arsenal have to do much better than that.
Is this the moment for Hojlund? No! The striker races onto a pass from Casemiro before cutting inside Gabriel, but the defender stands firm to make a clean challenge inside his own area. That was another promising counter-attack from United.
GOAAAAAAAAAAAL! GARNACHO SURELY WINS IT FOR UNITED! The Emirates is stunned as Garnacho races onto Casemiro's throughball before slotting beyond Ramsdale and into the bottom-right corner! The travelling fans go wild behind that goal, but there will be a VAR check! Garnacho may have strayed beyond the last defender!
THE VAR REVIEW IS OVER, THE GOAL IS OVERTURNED! Garnacho is disconsolate as the VAR review rules he was marginally ahead of Gabriel when racing onto that pass! It remains 1-1 here, and the home crowd have been whipped into a frenzy by that let-off!
Gabriel is booked for dissent, but the decision has gone his way. Garnacho was narrowly offside!
Nelson replaces Martinelli on the Arsenal left as we enter EIGHT minutes of stoppage time. Can either team find a decisive goal?
That's one VAR reprieve apiece in the second half. Havertz was denied a penalty at one end, with Garnacho denied a potential winning goal at the other.
It's all Arsenal now as Nelson darts down the left wing before crossing towards Saka, but Evans gets there to make a crucial interception. Possession is quickly back with the Gunners, however – is there one more twist to come?
Jesus twists and turns before finding Odegaard just outside the box, and his powerful shot deflects over! Arsenal have a late chance from this corner…
GOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! RICE WINS IT FOR ARSENAL! This is remarkable! Saka's deep delivery drops to Rice at the far post, with the midfielder able to chest it down before volleying at goal. His strike takes a slight deflection off Evans before beating Onana at his near post! Arsenal lead 2-1 at the death!
Saka gets the assist, with his deep delivery landing right on Rice's chest. There was a hint of fortune about Rice's finish, but the Arsenal fans don't care!
Jorginho replaces Odegaard as Arteta looks to run down the clock. Surely the Gunners have done enough?
United go direct from the kick-off, but the ball is with Ramsdale! Ten Hag looks crestfallen on the sidelines – it's more late heartbreak for United on this ground!
United try to forge one last chance as Dalot hurls a long throw into Arsenal's area. Hojlund tries to bring it down… but Nelson clears! United will come again…
GOAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! JESUS FINISHES UNITED OFF ON THE BREAK! United lift a deep free-kick into the area, but Arsenal scramble it clear. Vieira then finds Jesus darting through on the break, and the Brazilian keeps his composure to sit Dalot down before slotting past Onana! Arsenal 3-1 Manchester United, and that will be that at the Emirates!
Vieira gets the assist by sending Jesus clean through on goal as United threw men forward in search of a leveller. The substitute did the rest with a composed finish!
FULL-TIME: ARSENAL 3-1 MANCHESTER UNITED.
The full-time whistle sounds at a jubilant Emirates Stadium, and two stoppage-time goals give Arsenal a huge 3-1 win over Manchester United! The game looked to be petering out towards a draw after two VAR reviews saw Havertz denied a penalty at one end, and Garnacho denied a potential winner at the other. Arsenal, however, had other ideas. Rice's deflected strike beat Onana to provoke wild celebrations from the home fans, before Jesus rounded off the scoring on the break! What a win for the Gunners!
Arsenal join Tottenham, Liverpool and West Ham on 10 points after four games of the Premier League season. What a way for the Gunners to sign off for the international break, after which they go to Everton. United, meanwhile, find themselves in the bottom half with two wins and two defeats – they will have to pick themselves up to face Brighton on September 16.
We hope you have enjoyed our coverage of a dramatic victory for Arsenal. It's goodbye from us, and we'll see you next time.
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League fixture as Brentford host Bournemouth at the Gtech Community Stadium!
It has been a case of no Ivan Toney, no problem for Brentford so far this season. Thomas Frank's side are one of just six Premier League teams to enter matchday four still unbeaten, taking five points from their three games this term, though both of their home fixtures have finished level. The Bees failed with a big-money move for PSV's Johan Bakayoko on deadline day, but with Yoane Wissa and Bryan Mbeumo in great form, they will be content with the firepower in their ranks.
Bournemouth, meanwhile, are still awaiting their first league win under Andoni Iraola. The fixture list has not been kind to the Cherries, who have been beaten by Liverpool and Tottenham since drawing with West Ham United on matchday one. Bournemouth have been very active in the transfer market, but with the likes of Tyler Adams and Alex Scott still not fit enough to make their debuts, they need to start picking up points to tidy them over.
BRENTFORD (4-3-3): Mark Flekken; Aaron Hickey, Ethan Pinnock, Ben Mee, Rico Henry; Mathias Jensen, Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt; Bryan Mbeumo, Yoane Wissa, Kevin Schade.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Thomas Strakosha, Saman Ghoddos, Frank Onyeka, Kristoffer Ajer, Nathan Collins, Keane Lewis-Potter, Mads Roerslev, Yehor Yarmolyuk, Michael Olakigbe.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Max Aarons, Illia Zabarnyi, Marcos Senesi, Milos Kerkez; Ryan Christie, Lewis Cook; Antoine Semenyo, Philip Billing, Justin Kluivert; Dominic Solanke.
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Andrei Radu, Chris Mepham, David Brooks, Joe Rothwell, Adam Smith, Marcus Tavernier, Kieffer Moore, Hamed Traore, Gavin Kilkenny.
A much-changed Brentford team survived a huge scare to win Tuesday's EFL Cup tie at Newport County via a penalty shoot-out, but there's a more familiar look to Frank's line-up here. Mee returned from injury in midweek, and he replaces Collins for his first outing of the league season in the heart of defence. Brentford re-signed their former striker Neal Maupay on loan on deadline day, but he is not involved.
Bournemouth were also pushed close by lower-league opposition in the EFL Cup, requiring a 90th-minute winner from Christie to beat Swansea City 3-2. Iraola makes just two changes to the side beaten by Tottenham last week, as Cook and Senesi come in for Rothwell and Lloyd Kelly, who is left out after the Cherries rejected a deadline-day bid from Spurs for his services. Luis Sinisterra is also absent after joining on loan from Leeds United.
Brentford have only lost one of their last 17 Premier League home games (won eight, drawn eight). Will the Gtech Community Stadium remain a fortress, or can Bournemouth grab their first league win of the campaign? The teams are out here in west London, and we're about to find out!
We're under way here as Brentford get the ball rolling!
Bournemouth – dressed in a yellow and navy change strip – are in possession early on. Kluivert feeds Christie on the underlap, but his low cross is held by Flekken.
Schade – who scored a magnificent goal against Crystal Palace last time out – looks to charge into the area from the left-hand side. However, the German fouls Aarons and hands Bournemouth a free-kick.
Mbeumo lifts an early Brentford free-kick to the far post, where Mee is forward to chest the ball down and deliver a bouncing cross. There are plenty of red and white shirts attacking the six-yard box, but Bournemouth clear their lines.
Real danger for Bournemouth! Neto gets a fingertip to Norgaard's cross, but is unable to hold it under pressure from Schade. With the ball running out of the penalty area, Neto swings at a clearance and takes the Brentford's striker's legs away, conceding a free-kick just outside the box.
Neto is fortunate to avoid a booking there, having panicked and taken Schade's legs away as he looked to steal possession. Jensen will deliver the resulting free-kick from a promising position…
GOAAAAAAAAL! JENSEN SCORES! 1-0 BRENTFORD! What is Neto doing?! The Bournemouth goalkeeper, having conceded the free-kick through a moment of madness, leaves far too much space at his near post. Jensen whips his free-kick over the wall and beats Neto from a tight angle, with the goal-line technology awarding the goal as the Cherries goalkeeper attempts to claw it away!
What a bizarre way to open the scoring! It took 13 seconds for the goal to be awarded, with Jensen's free-kick just creeping beyond Neto's goal line before he could push it out!
Since the start of last season, no team have dropped more points from winning positions in Premier League home games than Brentford (15, level with Nottingham Forest). There is still hope for Bournemouth here, but they have had a far from ideal start.
That goal has clearly given Brentford a lift – the Gtech Community Stadium is bouncing and the Bees are buzzing around Bournemouth at every opportunity, pressing high and forcing mistakes.
Jensen hurls a long throw into the Bournemouth area, but Zabarnyi heads clear before Janelt overhits his cross, sending the ball floating behind for a goal-kick.
Henry and Wissa combine as Brentford attack down the left once again, but the flag goes up against the Bees forward, allowing Bournemouth a reprieve.
Brentford are keeping the ball patiently at the back, with Flekken looking to draw Bournemouth's press high up the pitch.
Solanke is all alone on the counter after a Brentford attack breaks down. He looks to beat Mee and Pinnock for pace and reach the area, but the former steps across him to make an excellent challenge.
WHAT A CHANCE! Christie dances beyond Pinnock before sitting Mee down and facing up Flekken. He looks set to score a brilliant solo goal, but the midfielder neglects to pull the trigger and Solanke inadvertently prods the ball away from his team-mate! That should've been 1-1!
This is much better from Bournemouth, who are penning Brentford back now. Semenyo steps inside to shoot from the edge of the area, but Mee blocks it before Hickey wins a foul for his team.
SCHADE HITS THE POST! So close to a second Brentford goal! Schade shows incredible pace to reach Norgaard's ball over the top and volley at goal under pressure from Neto. He connects well with his effort, but it takes a slick nick off the goalkeeper and bounces clear off the upright!
We've had a breathless start here, with both teams going close since Jensen's bizarre opener for Brentford. Surely, there are more goals to come in west London.
Wissa has time to turn and strike inside the area. His shot hits Senesi and almost drops for Jensen, but the midfielder can only carry it behind under pressure from Neto.
Great defending! Solanke bursts down the left flank before delivering an inviting cross, but none of his team-mates are attacking it as Mee calmy chests the ball back to Flekken.
Close! Billing wins possession in the Brentford half before finding Christie to his left. Christie looks for the bottom-right corner from just outside the area, but he drags his effort just wide!
Bournemouth come again as Kluivert beats Hickey to reach the byline, but his low cross is cleared by Pinnock.
GOAAAAAAAAL! SOLANKE LEVELS FOR BOURNEMOUTH! You have to say that has been coming! Senesi dispossesses Mbeumo before launching a long ball down Bournemouth's left. Solanke races onto it before cutting inside and firing a low finish under Flekken to make it 1-1! Great goal!
Senesi is credited with the assist after finding Solanke's run off the shoulder of Pinnock, but the Cherries striker still had plenty to do, and he did it superbly!
Bournemouth are well on top now, and they are hunting a second! They create a four-on-three situation on the break, but Christie takes the wrong option as he cuts inside and sees his shot blocked.
GREAT CHANCE FOR BRENTFORD! It's end-to-end stuff here as the hosts go close. Jensen chips a right-wing free-kick towards the far post, where Pinnock beats the offside trap and has a free header at goal. Neto is helpless, but the Brentford defender leans back and sends his effort over!
Solanke has now been involved in eight of Bournemouth's last 12 Premier League goals (four goals, four assists), including all three of the Cherries' strikes in the top flight so far this season (two goals, one assist).
The pace of the game has just dropped slightly after a frantic few minutes. Both sides have played the first 38 minutes of this match at full throttle.
Kluivert has looked very bright on Bournemouth's left flank. He gets to the byline once again, but he lacks support and is eventually crowded out.
Hickey strides forward and shoots from 30 yards out. His effort takes a big deflection which almost wrong-foots Neto, but the Bournemouth goalkeeper repositions himself to hold.
Both teams have managed six shots at goal so far, with Brentford narrowly edging the xG battle with 0.74 to Bournemouth's 0.72. It's been a fiercely competitive affair, played at break-neck speed.
Brentford's fans appeal for handball as Mbeumo's cross strikes Kerkez, but there's nothing doing there. The left-back's arm was down by his side.
GREAT SAVE FROM FLEKKEN! It's panic stations for Brentford as Kerkez's cross is awkwardly cleared up into the air by Jensen. Flekken then only finds Semenyo with a poor punch, but the goalkeeper does brilliantly to get back to his feet and smother the winger's goalbound header.
We're into three additional minutes at the end of a very entertaining first half.
Aarons makes a great challenge to stop Schade bursting into the area after cutting inside from the left. We've got just one minute to play before the break now.
HALF-TIME: BRENTFORD 1-1 BOURNEMOUTH
The half-time whistle sounds and there's nothing to split Brentford and Bournemouth at the halfway point of this fascinating tussle. The hosts took the lead in bizarre fashion as Neto raced to the edge of his area to concede a cheap free-kick, from which he was beaten at his near post by the opportunistic Jensen. Bournemouth levelled when Solanke cut inside on the break to beat Flekken, and the Cherries have also gone close through Christie and Semenyo. Brentford will also feel they should have scored a second goal, however, with Schade hitting the post and Pinnock spurning a great chance.
Bournemouth could have folded after falling behind early on, but Iraola will be delighted with their response. Solanke, Christie and Kerkez have all looked bright for the Cherries, who have consistently threatened down the left-hand side. Brentford will be looking for more from Wissa and Mbeumo, who have been uncharacteristically quiet.
Bournemouth goalscorer Solanke gets the ball rolling for the second half!
WHAT A MISS FROM MBEUMO! How is it not 2-1?! Zabarnyi's error allows Henry in, and the Brentford full-back finds Mbeumo with a great cutback. He has the whole goal to aim at from 10 yards out, but somehow bends his shot wide of the bottom-left corner!
Another let-off! Janelt arrives unmarked to meet a teasing cross just six yards out, but his tame header is straight at Neto! Bournemouth are living dangerously!
Now, Bournemouth threaten at the other end as the ball breaks for Christie, who sees his low drive turned around the post by Flekken. The resulting corner is headed behind by Hickey for another set-piece.
Billing's dreadful corner is cleared by the first defender. You wonder whether Bournemouth would be better off putting their towering Dane inside the area from set-piece situations.
Aarons picks up the game's first yellow card for dissent, having asked for Henry to be shown a yellow card for a foul on the Bournemouth right.
Bournemouth are winless in their last seven Premier League games (drawn one, lost six), having won five of their last seven immediately before this run. Can they complete the turnaround to claim a huge three points here?
Things are getting a little feisty here. Frank is furious as Hickey is denied a free-kick on the Brentford right, before a foul on Schade on the other flank allows the hosts to deliver a deep free-kick, which is put behind for a corner.
Norgaard meets the corner at the near post, but his header is always rising and doesn't trouble Neto.
Kluivert's header almost sends Semenyo through as he darts across Henry with a blind-side run, but the winger rushes his shot and slices it well wide.
Over! Billing exchanges passes with Christie before looking for goal from 20 yards out, but he lifts his effort over the crossbar. That was another flowing move from the visitors.
POST! Brentford hit the woodwork for the second time! Henry gets forward on the break to feed Wissa, who twists and turns before sending a low shot off the base of the left-hand post and wide! So close!
Iraola turns to his bench for the first time as Brooks replaces Semenyo, who has been quiet.
Prior to this game, Mbeumo had been involved in eight goals in his last six Premier League appearances (six goals, two assists), accounting for 67 per cent of the Bees' total in those matches (eight of 12).
Jensen hurls another long throw towards a crowded Bournemouth area. It's headed as far clear as Henry, who smashes a long-range shot wide.
Neto sees yellow for taking too long over a goal-kick. The Brentford fans are really getting on the visiting goalkeeper's back.
Bournemouth ended the first half on top, but Brentford have created the better chances since the break. They have managed six shots worth 0.73 xG to the Cherries' three (0.12 xG) in the second half.
Jensen hauls Kluivert down after losing possession to the Dutchman. The Brentford goalscorer is deservedly booked, as is Iraola for his appeals on the touchline.
The pace of the game has slowed as both teams ready themselves for one final push. This contest has resembled a basketball game at times – is there a further twist to come in the last 20 minutes?
Bournemouth introduce Tavernier in place of Kluivert.
Frank responds with two changes of his own, the first of them seeing Onyeka replace Janelt.
Lewis-Potter is also introduced, with Schade withdrawn after going close in the first half, sending a volley against the upright.
Almost! Onyeka battles for possession near the byline and eventually finds Mbeumo. He charges into the area and sends a teasing cross across the six-yard box, but no Brentford player is able to turn it home!
GREAT SAVE! Brentford win a corner on the left flank, which Norgaard meets with a free header six yards out. He gets plenty of power on his attempt, but Neto flicks his right hand out to push it away from the top-left corner! It's still 1-1, but only just!
Another chance! Lewis-Potter and Henry combine on the left, with the latter crossing for Wissa. The Brentford forward swings at the ball and completely misses it! Bournemouth escape again!
OFF THE POST AGAIN! Brentford strike the woodwork for a third time! Onyeka gets up on the underlap to fire a powerful cross towards the back post. It strikes Lewis-Potter on his thigh and crashes off the upright! He may have been in an offside position anyway, however.
GOAAAAAAL! BOURNEMOUTH LEAD 2-1! Brentford are made to pay for their missed chances, and it's a dreadful mistake from Henry! The left-back sells Flekken short with a terrible back pass, allowing Tavernier to seize possession and feed Brooks. The substitute keeps his composure to round Flekken before converting, and Bournemouth are ahead for the first time!
Tavernier gets the assist, gambling on Henry's poor pass before teeing up his fellow substitute for an easy finish!
The Bournemouth fans are in fine voice now. Brentford have been knocking on the door since the break, but Henry's awful error has put them behind for the first time in this game. Can the Cherries hold on?
Bournemouth almost kill the contest as Brooks whips a shot towards the far corner… but it flashes narrowly wide! He has been terrific since coming on.
Frank rolls the dice with less than 10 minutes remaining. Ajer replaces goalscorer Jensen.
Collins is also on, taking Mee's place in defence.
Brentford will use all of their permitted substitutions. Olakigbe is on for Hickey.
Chance! Mbeumo beats Kerkez for pace before cutting the ball back for Ajer, who can only turn his shot straight into the hands of Neto. Time is running out for Brentford…
Kerkez goes down inside his own area and receives treatment, but the left-back is soon back to his feet and he looks okay to continue.
Olakigbe is involved for the first time, running at Aarons before cutting inside and seeing a shot deflect wide. Brentford whip the resulting corner towards the near post, but Solanke clears.
Wissa goes down under pressure from Billing inside the area, but the referee is not interested. That looked very theatrical from the Brentford man.
Mepham replaces Christie in a defensive change from Iraola.
It's not clicking for Brentford in attack, and Frank is very animated on the sidelines. You'd imagine there will be a significant chunk of added time to come here.
Mbeumo's cross is headed away by Mepham as the fourth official's board goes up. We will have SIX additional minutes.
Bournemouth are camped in their own penalty area now, but Brentford can't find a way through. Ajer looks to flick on Mbeumo's cross, but he gets his header all wrong and it rolls behind.
GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! MBEUMO LEVELS! IT'S 2-2 IN STOPPAGE TIME! Another defensive error is punished as Kerkez dives in to win a long ball forward from Collins, only to miss it and allow Mbeumo through. The Brentford forward keeps his composure to slot a neat finish under Neto and score his fourth goal of the Premier League season!
Collins is credited with the assist, but Kerkez's error was key. The left-back completely missed his interception, allowing Mbeumo through on goal.
Frank is urging Brentford forward in search of a dramatic winner. A corner from the left is flicked on, but Neto gets up to hold it.
CLOSE TO 3-2! Onyeka drills a low cross in from the right, but no Brentford player can turn it home! The Bees come again with Bournemouth clinging on, but Onyeka fires over from the edge of the box! Surely that will be that?
FULL-TIME: BRENTFORD 2-2 BOURNEMOUTH
And breathe! The referee brings this thrilling encounter to an end, and it finishes Brentford 2-2 Bournemouth! Having fallen behind to Jensen's early free-kick, the Cherries were on course for their first league win under Iraola, Solanke levelling things up before Brooks capitalised on Henry's error to put them 2-1 up with 13 minutes left. Brentford, however, continued to knock on the door, and Kerkez's mistake allowed Mbeumo to slot home three minutes into stoppage time. A game neither side deserved to lose finishes all square!
Both teams could have felt hard done by if they had lost that match. Bournemouth put together an enterprising display and could easily have had a second goal earlier than they did, with Christie and Semenyo going close. Brentford, meanwhile, saw Schade, Wissa and Lewis-Potter all hit the post, and they will be breathing a huge sigh of relief following Mbeumo's late intervention.
We hope you have enjoyed our coverage of this end-to-end Premier League contest. It's goodbye for now, and we'll see you next time!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League fixture, as Brighton host Newcastle at the Amex Stadium.
Brighton’s perfect start to the season came crashing down against West Ham last time out, losing 3-1 at home to the Hammers despite dominating large parts of the game. However, with the arrival of Barcelona winger Ansu Fati showing a real statement of intent from the Seagulls, Roberto De Zerbi’s side will be confident they can return to winning ways here.
Newcastle’s 5-1 win over Aston Villa on the opening day feels like some time ago now, with the Magpies having lost both matches since to Manchester City and Liverpool respectively. Eddie Howe’s men surrendered a 1-0 lead as Darwin Nunez’s late brace turned things around for 10-man Liverpool last time out, and the visitors will be anxious to avoid extending their losing run to three games.
BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION (4-2-3-1): Bart Verbruggen; Joel Veltman, Jan-Paul van Hecke, Lewis Dunk, Pervis Estupinan; Pascal Gross, Billy Gilmour; Solly March, Joao Pedro, Kaoru Mitoma; Evan Ferguson.
BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION SUBS: Jason Steele, Tariq Lamptey, Igor Julio, Adam Webster, James Milner, Mahmoud Dahoud, Adam Lallana, Simon Adingra, Facundo Buonanotte.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Nick Pope; Kieran Trippier, Fabian Schar, Dan Burn, Matt Targett; Sandro Tonali, Bruno Guimaraes, Joelinton; Miguel Almiron, Alexander Isak, Anthony Gordon.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Martin Dubravka, Jamaal Lascelles, Callum Wilson, Harvey Barnes, Lewis Hall, Tino Livramento, Jacob Murphy, Elliot Anderson, Sean Longstaff.
De Zerbi makes three changes from the side beaten by West Ham at the Amex, with Danny Welbeck injured and Adam Webster and former Magpie James Milner dropping to the bench. Jan-Paul van Hecke and Joel Veltman slot into the right side of defence, while Joao Pedro will play in behind Evan Ferguson up front for the Seagulls. Ansu Fati only signed from Barcelona yesterday, meaning this game comes a fraction too soon for the Spanish wonderkid.
A key injury at the back has forced Eddie Howe into some defensive changes, with the absent Sven Botman being replaced by Matt Targett. Dan Burn moves centrally to accommodate the left-back, while further forward, Joelinton starts alongside Sandro Tonali and Bruno Guimaraes in midfield, the Brazilian keeping his place despite also picking up a knock last time out.
The two teams head onto the pitch at a sun-kissed Amex Stadium, and we're just minutes away from kick-off between two sides who are both playing European football this season!
Ferguson gets the game underway for Brighton, and we're off and running on the south coast!
CHANCE!!! A massive early opening for Newcastle! Dunk slips on the edge of his own box, allowing Guimaraes' forward ball to travel into Isak's path. The Swede bursts into the area, but Van Hecke gets across brilliantly and the eventual Isak shot ricochets behind for a goal-kick!
WIDE!! Tonali cuts out an Estupinan clearance and pulls the ball back from the byline. Isak is again the target and snatches at a shot, but drills his strike into the ground and behind!
OVER!!! Gross cuts inside to find March, who does likewise before shooting from the edge of the box. His fizzer of an effort has Pope at full stretch, but the goalkeeper is nowhere near it as the ball whistles over the top!
Veltman plays March in behind Targett, but the winger's low cross hits the sliding Newcastle left-back and goes behind for a corner!
Pedro climbs high from the Brighton corner, but his glancing header doesn't trouble Pope and sails wide of the far post.
Newcastle's last away win against Brighton came in February 2017 in the Championship, with the Magpies failing to win any of their six visits in the Premier League since the pair were promoted at the end of that 2016-17 campaign.
SAVED!!! March darts around the outside of Targett and floats a cross for the near post. It's an awkward one for Pope to deal with, and the goalkeeper unconvincingly paws the ball behind for a Brighton corner!
Dunk's cushioned header at the far post nods the ball back towards Estupinan, but the Ecuadorian's first-time shot from the edge of the box bounces wide for a goal-kick!
Brighton haven’t lost consecutive games since October 2022, which came in De Zerbi’s second and third games in charge, and will be hoping to avoid equalling that record following their 3-1 home loss to West Ham last time out.
SAVED!!! A lovely first-time ball from Gilmour slips Ferguson in behind the defence. He holds off Schar to shoot low from the left side of the box, but he doesn't do enough to trouble Pope, who collects with ease!
SAVED!!! Almiron collects a wide pass and charges into the area. He takes on Dunk and puts in a cross, which takes a wicked deflection off the Brighton captain and forces Verbruggen into action, saving at his near post to prevent an own-goal!
Newcastle's corner is an easy one for Brighton to deal with, and the Seagulls are soon flying forward on the break. Mitoma leads them, but his effort from the edge of the box is blocked and Pope collects for the visitors.
Newcastle launch a counter-attack of their own after Pedro is dispossessed in their box. Isak races onto the ball and breezes past Dunk into the box, but Gordon overruns the striker's cross and the chance comes to nothing!
A Brighton corner is headed back across the face of goal by Dunk, but neither Mitoma nor March can get a decent opening to shoot and Newcastle eventually clear their lines!
Newcastle have lost their last two Premier League games, after losing just two of the previous 15 beforehand. The Magpies last suffered three consecutive league defeats in March and April 2022.
Gordon flies in late and loses a 50-50 challenge with Van Hecke, and the showing of the studs warrants the game's first yellow card for the Newcastle winger.
Since the start of last season, Newcastle’s seven Premier League defeats have come against teams who started the day, on average, in sixth position, with Brighton coming into this game sixth in the table. Indeed, 69 per cent of Eddie Howe’s Premier League defeats with the Magpies have come against sides starting the day in the top six (11 of 16).
Schar fires a long ball forward with Joelinton the target, but he can't bring it down to shoot before Verbruggen collects for Brighton.
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Brighton lead at the Amex!! It's a horror show for Pope, whose rushed, intercepted clearance leaves Newcastle stretched at the back. He saves Mitoma's close-range effort after the winger is played in, but makes an absolute meal of Gilmour's long-range follow-up, spilling the ball right into Ferguson's path for the striker to tap home! 1-0 to the hosts in slightly fortunate circumstances, but after braving an early storm from Newcastle there's no doubting Brighton have been the better side so far!
WIDE!!! Almost an immediate response from Newcastle. Gordon cuts inside from the left and engages defenders aplenty before finding Joelinton. He skips into the box and fires a shot low, sending the ball rolling a yard wide of the post!
OVER!!! It's end-to-end alright!! Ferguson charges through the middle before finding Mitoma and Pedro ahead of him. The latter is teed up in the centre and has the goal at his mercy, but can only fire over the top of the crossbar!
That Ferguson opener makes it 11 home games on the bounce in which Brighton have found the net, and the Seagulls are unbeaten in their last six when scoring first, dating back to an April loss against Nottingham Forest.
Isak spreads play wide to an advancing Tonali, who fires a low cross into the centre. Gordon stretches for it, but can't quite reach the ball as it flashes across the face of goal!
With eight goals and two assists, Ferguson is only the second non-English player to reach 10 Premier League goal involvements while aged 18 or younger, after Cesc Fabregas (five goals, 10 assists).
The first half has absolutely flown by so far, with near-constant chances at each end. Ferguson's breakthrough may have involved a stroke of fortune gift-wrapped to the teenager by Pope, but given what we've seen, that could be far from the last time the net bulges in this game.
Guimaraes appears to have shooting space on the edge of the box, but chooses instead to play in Tonali. He gets into a tangle and loses possession in the area, but the ball drops to Isak, who fires a first-time shot into Van Hecke's outstretched leg!
Before this game, Brighton had the most shots (68), shots on target (30), touches in the opposition box (159) and accumulated the most xG (7.7) in the Premier League so far this season. It’s the most shots on target a team has had in their opening three games in a season since eventual champions Manchester City's 31 in 2011-12!
Pedro gets the slightest of touches to Dunk's forward pass before being clattered off the ball by Schar. It's late, ugly, and worthy of a yellow card, as the Newcastle centre-back goes into the book.
After Gordon heads behind for a corner, Gross hangs the delivery into the centre of the box. Dunk rises and heads for goal, but can't direct his effort on target as the ball sails wide.
We'll play two additional minutes at the Amex, closing out a high-octane first half between these two evenly matched sides.
HALF-TIME: BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION 1-0 NEWCASTLE UNITED.
The hosts lead 1-0 at the break, with Ferguson profiting from a rare Pope error to give Brighton the lead in an otherwise even game! Newcastle started on the front foot, with Isak squandering two early chances before Verbruggen intervened to prevent a Dunk own-goal. Brighton were just as dangerous going forward though, with March and Ferguson both forcing Pope into saves. He did well with those, but spilled Gilmour's long-range strike straight to Ferguson. The second half is shaping up to be a cracker, with either side more than capable of taking all three points here!
Pedro's forming a fine combination with Ferguson in Brighton's attack, registering two first-half shots and also creating two big chances. He's won all six of his duels so far, including a dribble and two aerial contests apiece, while Ferguson has won three of his four and had two shots on target, one of which was the opener of course, to compile an xG of 0.82.
Isak kicks off for Newcastle, and we're back underway at the Amex!
Newcastle pile numbers into the box and spread play wide for Trippier to cross back in, but Mitoma cuts the ball out before being fouled by the full-back.
Brighton are unbeaten in their last 24 Premier League matches when leading at half-time, stretching over more than two seasons and dating back to May 2021 against Wolves.
March charges down the right and dinks a reverse pass into Ferguson's path, but he can't get to the ball before Pope and the goalkeeper cleans up for Newcastle.
CHANCE!!! March picks Targett's pocket and races in behind the Newcastle left-back. His cross from the byline sits up for Pedro, but he can't get a shot away before the ball is knocked clear by the visitors!
CHANCE!! Sloppy play at the back almost costs Newcastle dearly! Gross' cross inside for Pedro is dealt with, but a poor pass out of defence from Trippier gives the Brazilian another chance which, luckily for the Magpies, he's unable to take!
Gross whips a looping cross towards the back post at a Brighton corner, where Ferguson climbs high but can't send the ball towards the intended target!
Eddie Howe makes a triple change, looking to put a stop to the seemingly endless stream of Brighton attacks, with the first seeing Callum Wilson replace Joelinton for the Magpies.
Almiron also comes off, and Elliot Anderson will replace the Paraguayan as Newcastle make alterations to their attack.
The last change is more like-for-like, as Sean Longstaff comes on for Tonali in Newcastle's midfield.
Forward come Newcastle as Isak beats Veltman down the left side, before seeing his cross blocked behind for a corner off Van Hecke.
Trippier whips in a dangerous corner for Newcastle, leaving Verbruggen scrambling in the Brighton goalmouth as it curls around the far post!
Longstaff's throughball sends Isak running into space down the left and into the box, but Van Hecke stands his ground well to put the ball behind for another Newcastle corner.
Newcastle are yet to have a shot on target in the match and haven't had a single shot since the 39th minute - worrying signs for Eddie Howe's men.
GOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLL!!!! What a finish from Ferguson!!! Gilmour squeezes a pass forward to the Irishman, who turns and lets fly from 25 yards, finding the bottom-right corner with a composed, curling strike! Pope wasn't far away but couldn't get down quick enough, and this electrifying teenager nets his second of the game to put Brighton 2-0 up and in complete command!
Gilmour did well to make that pass, being both off-balance and under pressure from Anderson, but managed to open up a pocket of space for Ferguson to exploit - and the striker did just that!
BLOCKED!!! Newcastle launch an attack in response as Isak and Targett combine down the left. The latter's low cross rolls all the way through to Gordon, whose first-time shot is blazed wide!
Isak concedes a free-kick for a foul on Veltman, which Brighton want to take quickly but are prevented from doing so by Targett. That's time-wasting straight out of the textbook, and as such the Newcastle defender is shown a yellow card.
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! The teenager gets three!!! Mitoma glides his way to the edge of the box before finding Ferguson, and the 18-year-old's early left-footed shot takes a massive deflection off Schar, wrong-footing Pope who can only watch as the ball nestles in the bottom corner! The goal is Ferguson's though as the initial shot was on target, and he completes his hat-trick to put Brighton 3-0 up!
Mitoma's mere presence in the final third drew Newcastle's defenders towards him, and opened up space for Ferguson to get that shot away early, catching the back four off-guard as Brighton all-but seal the points here.
Ferguson is only the fourth player to score a Premier League hat-trick aged 18 or younger, after Chris Bart-Williams, Robbie Fowler, and Michael Owen (who did so four times).
Isak's been Newcastle's only real outlet in attack, but comes off now for Harvey Barnes to see out the latter stages of what's turning out to be a nightmare for the Magpies.
Targett has been run ragged at times by Brighton's constant wide attacking, and Jamaal Lascelles' introduction in his place is clearly an attempt to shore up the Newcastle defence.
Barnes cuts inside and looks to find the far corner with a curling effort, but Van Hecke dives across to nod the ball away from danger!
Burn knows full well March has him beaten all ends up for pace, and takes down the winger off the ball to prevent a breakaway before shortly being shown a yellow card. He knew that one was coming.
Brighton finally make their first changes of a game they've ended up coasting in, as the influential Gilmour comes off for Mahmoud Dahoud.
Pedro has also stood out amid a top-class Brighton team performance, and Tariq Lamptey replaces the forward late on with the game almost won.
Estupinan, Ferguson and Trippier all end up on the deck following an almighty collision, but the three are soon back on their feet and ready to play out the last 10 minutes of what has become a fairly one-sided contest on the south coast.
March has been his lively, dangerous, consistent self throughout this game, and comes off following another superb performance for Adam Lallana to see out proceedings.
Hat-trick hero Ferguson is withdrawn to thunderous applause by the Amex faithful, and James Milner, who signed for Newcastle a few months before Ferguson was even born in 2004, will replace him.
Lamptey leaves Burn for dead as he surges into the final third for Brighton. His cross comes to nothing and Guimaraes recovers it for the visitors, but he's soon caught late by the Seagulls substitute and Lamptey goes into the book.
With five minutes to go, Newcastle are still yet to register a shot on target so far in this game. After their electric start with two chances in the opening minutes, they've been woefully under-par since.
Gordon is taken down by Milner as he looks to cut inside from the right flank, and the veteran midfielder is the latest player to be shown a yellow card.
SAVED!!! Trippier's free-kick from the right is met by Schar at the back post, but his looping header is seen all the way and caught on the line by Verbruggen!
Gross trudges off having run the show yet again for the Seagulls, and having been replaced for the final throws by Simon Adingra, the 32-year-old playmaker can now look forward to his maiden international call-up for Germany. He's earned it.
BLOCKED!! Milner sends Estupinan charging into open pasture down the left-hand side, and the flying Ecuadorian links up with Mitoma. He stands up more defenders before teeing up Adingra, but the substitute's close-range shot is blocked and cleared away!
We're into SEVEN additional minutes at the Amex, which given how things have gone over the course of this game, should ease by for Brighton as they close in on three important points.
GOOOAAALLL!!! Likely just a consolation, but a very, very good one at that!!! Wilson latches onto a long pass forward from Longstaff, before flicking the ball around Van Hecke and stabbing it past Verbruggen into the back of the net!! A superb goal from the substitute to make it 3-1, and with five minutes of injury time to go, have the Magpies finally awoken to mount a late comeback here?
Newcastle haven't tried that type of pass enough in this game, with Longstaff stretching the defence and allowing Wilson the time and space he needed to fire home.
Newcastle have now scored three times in the last 15 minutes of their second halves this season, the most in the Premier League.
Dahoud wins a free-kick but certainly isn't happy with Lascelles, to the point that the referee shows him a yellow card for whatever was said by the German.
Mitoma looks to cut inside having received a forward pass from Milner, but strayed a yard offside and is flagged accordingly.
WIDE!!! A glorious chance to make it four!! Lamptey seizes onto a loose Newcastle pass at pace, and fires the ball across the face of goal to an arriving Mitoma, who can't turn it in at the back post with the goal at his mercy!
Guimaraes is shunted to the floor by Lallana as he tries to open a gap in midfield, and the flurry of late yellow cards continues with the Brighton midfielder shown the latest one.
FULL-TIME: BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION 3-1 NEWCASTLE UNITED.
It's all over at the Amex, as Brighton return to the winner's circle with an emphatic performance! Evan Ferguson's hat-trick sees the teenager join an elite club of young Premier League stars, and seals three points for the dominant Seagulls. Brighton dominated proceedings in the second half, and doubled their advantage when Ferguson curled home a beautiful strike from long range. As with his first, there was an element of luck about his third too, with his shot deflecting off Schar into the net as Newcastle faltered at the back. Wilson's impressive stoppage-time finish restored some parity for the visitors, but on the whole, Newcastle were well beaten in a 3-1 defeat and lose for the third game running, while Brighton continue an impressive start to the season with their third win in four matches.
That win puts paid to any thought of Brighton having a soft underbelly, with the Seagulls soaring back into the top four on nine points. It's a far bleaker situation for Newcastle though, who drop further to 13th in the table, their +4 goal difference from that opening day eradicated by three straight defeats. It's still early in the campaign, but Eddie Howe has a task on his hands to turn around a squad who lost just five times in 38 league games last season.
That's all from us, we hope you enjoyed the game! As always, we'll see you for the next one - goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Burnley and Tottenham at Turf Moor.
Championship winners Burnley host their third successive Premier League match, looking to collect their first points of the season. Vincent Kompany’s men were comfortably beaten in their opening fixture, losing 3-0 to reigning champions Manchester City, before taking a 16-day break from the division. They were supposed to face Luton Town in their second game, but it was postponed as Kenilworth Road was not ready. Upon their return, the Clarets were brushed aside by European hopefuls Aston Villa, with a brace from Matty Cash and a goal from Moussa Diaby helping Unai Emery’s side to a 3-1 victory. Despite being in the relegation zone, Burnley will take encouragement from their narrow win over Nottingham Forest in the EFL Cup during the week, with Salford City awaiting them in the third round.
As for Tottenham, they will be frustrated with their early exit from the EFL Cup after losing to Fulham on penalties in the second round. However, new manager Ange Postecoglou will be happy with their start to the Premier League season, with his side collecting seven points from their first three matches. The Lilywhites opened their campaign with a 2-2 draw against Brentford before securing back-to-back wins over Manchester United and Bournemouth. Keeping clean sheets in their last two fixtures, Spurs will be looking for a third straight shutout for the first time since May 2022. Tottenham are currently in third place and could end the day at the top of the table if they win and other results go their way.
BURNLEY (4-4-2): James Trafford; Connor Roberts, Ameen Al Dakhil, Dara O’Shea, Jordan Beyer; Johann Gudmundsson, Josh Cullen, Sander Berge, Luca Koleosho; Zeki Amdouni, Lyle Foster.
BURNLEY SUBS: Arijanet Muric, Jack Cork, Josh Brownhill, Jay Rodriguez, Benson Manuel, Nathan Redmond, Jacob Bruun Larsen, Hannes Delcroix, Wilson Odobert.
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Destiny Udogie; Pape Matar Sarr, Yves Bissouma; Dejan Kulusevski, James Maddison, Manor Solomon; Son Heung-Min.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Fraser Forster, Oliver Skipp, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Davinson Sanchez, Richarlison, Emerson Royal, Ivan Perisic, Ben Davies, Ashley Phillips.
Burnley make nine changes to the side that beat Forest in the EFL Cup during the week. Centre-back O'Shea and winger Gudmundsson are the only two to keep their place, with Muric, Brownhill, Redmond, Larsen, Rodriguez, Manuel and Delcroix among the players to move onto the bench. Ekdal, Vitinho and Ramsey are all absent due to injury. Trafford, Beyer, Roberts, Berge, Doster, Cullen, Amdouni and Koleosho are all recalled.
As for Tottenham, they make nine alterations to the team that lost on penalties to Fulham. Bissouma, Maddison and Son all return to the side, with Van de Ven and Solomon the only two to retain their places. Richarlison started the first three games of the season and scored against Fulham, but is on the bench.
Kompany has made a lot of changes to the Burnley squad since becoming their manager before the start of last season. They fielded the two youngest average starting XIs in their two Premier League games so far this season (23 years and 206 days v Manchester City, 23 years and 340 days v Aston Villa), giving them an overall average of 23 years and 273 days. In their last Premier League campaign of 2021-22, the Clarets had the second-oldest starting lineups on average (28 years and 343 days).
Burnley get this Premier League clash under way. Amdouni with the first kick.
Burnley have had more of the ball in the opening few minutes before giving it away to Kulusevski on the right. The winger drives forward before switching a pass across to Solomon just outside the box, but it goes just behind the Fulham man, who cannot take it in his stride.
GOALLLL! FOSTER SCORES! 1-0 BURNLEY! What a start for the home side against Tottenham. Berge sends a pass down the left to Koleosho, who gets behind Porro and runs into the box. Koleosho then drags a low pass into the middle of the box, with Foster getting ahead of his man before poking his shot into the net.
Koleosho wanted the ball more than Porro and used his pace to rush past the right-back inside the box. He then kept his composure and found Foster, who slotted a low shot across the goal and into the net.
Burnley have avoided defeat in their last 10 matches when scoring the opening goal in the Premier League dating back to September 13, 2021 against Everton (lost 3-1).
Solomon has possession on the left side of Burnley's box and tries to shift the ball onto his right foot and curl a shot into the bottom corner. But he is crowded out by a couple of defenders and his attempt is blocked.
Maddison uses his quick feet to get past a couple of defenders and drives with possession into the box. He pokes the ball past Beyer and looks to run past the centre-back, but is blocked.
Gudmundsson has the ball on the right and slides a throughball into the path of Foster. The striker rushes into the box and tries to go past van de Ven, but the defender does well to shield the ball, allowing it to roll out for a goal-kick.
Son looks to create a chance for Tottenham and slides a pass towards Porro, who runs inside from right-back and into the box. However, his touch is poor and Roberts gets ahead of him to stop the danger.
Trafford has not had a save to make in the game but has made a couple of mistakes with the ball at his feet, this time launching a pass out for a throw-in.
Solomon has brought energy to this Tottenham side and does well to steal possession inside Burnley's half. He drives down the left and looks to get a shot away from a tight angle, but it is blocked.
GOALLL! SON SCORES! 1-1! Captain Son scores his first goal of the season! Porro has possession on the right inside Tottenham's half and launches the ball over the top of Burnley's defence towards Son. The winger drives forward, playing a quick one-two with Solomon before chipping Trafford.
Solomon does well with the assist. He has the chance to move inside with possession and shoot himself but is patient and waits for Son to get away from his marker. He pulls a pass across the box to Son who finishes well.
Gudmundsson has a corner on the right and looks to curl his cross towards the near post. Foster gets ahead of his man, but blasts his shot wide.
Tottenham have only failed to score in one of their last 23 Premier League games, finding the net in each of their last 16. Spurs are looking to win three consecutive league games for the first time since May/August 2022 (four).
Tottenham have the momentum and look the most likely to score again. Solomon has possession on the left and has the chance to play a simple pass to Maddison, who overlaps him but sends it out for a goal-kick.
Berge has possession outside the box and moves forward with the ball before playing a pass across to Amdouni. He takes one touch before blasting a shot wide from outside the box.
Maddison has been a key part of Tottenham’s side since signing from Leicester, but is struggling to make an impact on this game. He has had just eight touches.
Koleosho has the ball on the left flank and drives inside with possession. The winger reaches the middle of the box and slots a pass into the feet of Foster, who has his shot saved by Vicario. The flag then goes up for offside.
Burnley could be forgiven for retreating after conceding, but have looked the better side since Tottenham’s equalising goal. They have had a couple of chances to score, but have struggled to make the right final pass.
Sarr is shown the first yellow card of the game after throwing the ball away. A poor booking for a midfielder who will be at the heart of all the action.
Tottenham are starting to put the pressure on. Maddison searches for space inside the box, but his path for a shot is blocked by the Burnley defence. He combines with Soloman before Son sets it back to Sarr. The midfielder has his low shot blocked, with Maddison unable to convert the rebound.
Solomon gets behind Roberts on the left and powers towards the ball before whipping a dangerous cross into the box. It flashes past Trafford and away from danger. If someone rushed into the middle, they could have had a simple finish.
Dakhil pokes Solomon's throughball out for a corner. Maddison then curls a cross into the box, but it is headed away.
CHANCE! Maddison is starting to get into the game. He comes in from the left wing and plays a quick one-two with Sarr on the edge of the box. The England international then whips a shot across the goal and towards the bottom corner, with Trafford getting down to push it away.
Porro has the ball on the edge of the box and drags his shot across the goal. Son has his hands in the air after requesting a pass from the right-back, with Postecoglou also unhappy with his decision to shoot.
Foster had a quick start to the game and scored the opening goal, but has not had much of the action in the last few minutes. He drops deep to receive the ball, helping Burnley retain possession in their own half.
Burnley are doing their best to stick to the same style that helped them get promoted from the Championship. They are taking risks in their own half with short passes around their box.
Kulusevski is the second player to be shown a yellow card after pushing Koleosho.
Gudmundsson takes the following free-kick and curls a cross towards the back of the box. O’Shea is unmarked but decides against shooting, instead heading the ball back across the box. Sarr is there and clears it away.
Gudmundsson is the first Burnley player to be shown a yellow card in this game. He is booked for a late tackle on Maddison.
Udogie does well to flick the ball past O’Shea to win a free-kick in a crossing position. Maddison takes it quickly and chips it across to Romero on the left. The defender wants to head it back across the goal, but Trafford is there to collect it.
GOALLLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM ROMERO! 2-1 SPURS! The away side have turned the score in their favour. Maddison is tricky on the left and gets past a defender before sending a cross into the box. It bounces around before a clearance goes to the feet of Romero, who blasts his shot into the top corner. VAR checks for a possible offside, but the goal stands.
Son drives forward with possession and spins past Berge. The Tottenham captain then sends a throughball to Maddison, who turns on the edge of the box before falling to the floor. He wants a free-kick, but there was very little contact from O'Shea.
HALF-TIME: BURNLEY 1-2 TOTTENHAM
Tottenham conceded inside four minutes, but have the lead after a thunderous strike from Romero. Foster gave Burnley the lead with his second goal of the season, getting on the end of a pass from Koleosho and poking his shot into the net. However, their lead lasted just 12 minutes. Son was unleashed on the break by Porro, with the Spurs captain playing a quick one-two with Solomon before chipping his attempt over Trafford. Maddison had a shot saved by the goalkeeper before Romeo struck late in the half. The centre-back made the most of a poor clearance on the edge of the box and powered his strike into the top corner. There was a short VAR check for offside, but the goal stood.
Burnley showed a lot of quality in possession, but failed to create many meaningful chances after their early goal. Amdouni looked to get the hosts back in the lead with a strike from outside the box, but it whistled wide. As for Tottenham, they have been the better side after a slow start. Maddison took his time to get involved, but has been a crucial part of their attack and has done brilliantly to link the midfield with the attack. Solomon has also caused a lot of problems with his pace and has constantly forced Roberts back.
Kompany has seen enough and has decided to make a couple of changes before the restart. Brownhill was a vital part of the side that won the Championship, and replaces Berge.
Delcroix also makes his way onto the pitch to strengthen Burnley's defence. Gudmundsson is off.
The game is back under way.
Tottenham have started the half brightly. Porro has possession on the right flank and threads a pass through to Kulusevski. He moves past a couple of defenders before finding Son, who has his shot blocked.
Maddison receives a pass next to the byline on the left and fakes to shoot, forcing a defender to commit to a block and sliding ahead of him. The skilful move allows him to shoot from a tight angle, but his effort is saved by Trafford.
OVER! Koleosho rushes past a number of Tottenham players before Romeo tackles him. However, the ball only rolls as far as Brownhill, who dribbles towards the edge of the box before curling a shot over the bar.
Koleosho has shown a lot of quality with possession, this time getting down the left side of the pitch and beating Porro. The winger then slides a pass into the feet of Amdouni, but he cannot keep it under control and the chance is gone.
GOALLL! MADDISON SCORES! 3-1 SPURS! Maddison scores for the second consecutive game. Udogie wins possession and rolls a pass into the feet of the midfielder, who is in lots of space outside the box. He has time to touch the ball out of his feet before curling his shot into the corner. Trafford was given no chance.
Udogie battles well on the left and does not give up. He wins possession in a dangerous area and thinks quickly to make a pass inside to Maddison. The former Leicester man is free and takes his time before curling a shot past the reach of Trafford.
CHANCE! Foster goes close to scoring his second. The striker breaks down the right side of the box and gets ahead of Romero, but his shot is pushed over by Vicario.
Brownhill goes into the book after a late tackle on Kulusevski.
Kompany is about to make another change. Redmond is being given his instructions by the manager.
Amdouni has shown he has a lot of energy in the Burnley attack, but has not been as effective as Foster. He is replaced by veteran Redmond.
Burnley fail to clear the ball away and it comes out to Bissouma on the edge of the box, but his low drive across the goal is collected by Trafford.
Maddison and Solomon combine on the left flank before the latter sends a pass inside to Bissouma. The midfielder drifts inside and shoots, but his effort goes wide.
GOALLL! SON SCORES AGAIN! 4-1 SPURS! Tottenham score their fourth of the game through Son. Solomon drives down the left and into the box before slotting a pass across to Son. He is free in the middle and crashes his effort past Trafford.
Solomon assists Son for the second time and is being congratulated by the rest of the Spurs side. He keeps the ball under control and waits for options in the middle, with Son making a surging run into space before scoring from close range.
Son has now scored five goals in 12 Premier League appearances against Burnley.
GOALLL! HAT-TRICK FOR SON! 5-1 SPURS! What a day for the new Tottenham captain. Maddison plays a pass out to Porrot, who curls a pass behind the Burnley defence towards Son. The 31-year-old controls the ball well under pressure, before rolling his shot past Trafford.
Porro's pass had the perfect amount of weight on it. Maddison was shouting for a return pass after giving it to the right-back, but Porro had other ideas. He slotted an accurate pass into the feet of Son, who did the rest with a composed finish.
Tottenham make a change with the game secured. Sarr is replaced in the midfield by Hojbjerg.
Koleosho has been excellent for Burnley on the left wing and does not deserve to be on the losing side. Larsen is given a chance to make an impression off the bench.
Solomon also comes off after two assists. Perisic takes his place.
As Celtic manager, Spurs' Postecoglou won his last nine league matches against promoted sides by an aggregate score of 31-7. Spurs themselves lost their last such match (3-2 v Bournemouth in April), but haven't lost consecutive games against promoted teams since April 2012 (against Norwich City and Queens Park Rangers).
Son makes his way off the pitch after scoring a hat-trick and is given a fantastic reception by the away crowd. Richarlison comes on looking to score his first Premier League goal of the season.
Beyer is shown a yellow card after pulling Perisic's shirt.
Beyer's yellow card was his last moment on the pitch. He is replaced by Cork.
Perisic lets Redmond get close to him on the left before pushing it past the substitute. He chips a cross towards the back of the box with Porro making a darting run, but the Spaniard drags his shot wide.
Burnley pack men into the box from a corner, with Tottenham unable to get it away from danger. Cullen looks to shoot from inside the box, but his goal-bound attempt is blocked by Romero.
POST! Burnley almost get one goal back. Larsen hasn’t been able to make much of a difference since coming on, but comes inside with possession before passing it inside to Brownhill. The midfielder looks to shoot from outside the box, with his attempt defecting off a defender and against the post.
Hojbjerg is shown a yellow card for a late tackle on former Southampton team-mate Redmond.
Delcroix heads the ball straight at Vicario after getting on the edge of Redmond’s inswinging cross from the right. It hit the top of his head.
Burnley are enjoying a spell of dominance in the game. Substitutes Redmond and Larsen are getting a lot of the ball, with the hosts keeping possession well.
Tottenham make another change. Kulusevski makes his way off and is replaced by Skipp. The winger showed his quality during the game, but did not register a goal or assist.
Maddison also makes his way off the pitch and claps the away fans. Royal is given the final few minutes to make an impression.
Bissouma has possession in the middle of the pitch and skips past a tackle before looking for Hojbjerg with a throughball. The Denmark international runs behind Roberts and goes down under contact from the defender, but nothing is given.
There will be six minutes of additional time.
Cork holds off a defender inside the box and looks to chip a pass over to Redmond on the other side, but Udogie jumps high to head it away.
Delcroix is shown a yellow card for tugging back Richarlison. That's Burnley's fourth yellow card of the game.
Burnley are losing by four goals, but Foster is still showing his intent in the attack. He is showing a willingness to press and is tenacious in his tackles inside Tottenham's half.
GOALLL! BROWNHILL SCORES! Burnley get a goal back, with Tottenham leading 5-2. Brownhill plays a fast one-two with Cullen and rushes past Van de Ven before blasting his shot past Vicario. He has been brilliant since coming on as a substitute.
Cullen was thinking quickly when receiving the pass from Brownhill and was able to slot a return pass right into the path of the midfielder. Brownhill took it round van de Ven and was taken out by the defender, but got his shot away in time to score.
FULL-TIME: BURNLEY 2-5 TOTTENHAM
Son scored a hat-trick as Tottenham thrashed Burnley at Turf Moor. The Clarets started the game well and opened the scoring through Foster, who got ahead of his marker to poke Koleosho’s pass across the box and into the net. However, Tottenham came into the game after a slow start and turned the score in their favour. Son rushed forward on the break and played a quick one-two with Solomon before chipping Trafford to equalise. Spurs then went ahead in first-half stoppage time after a stunning goal from Romero. Maddison added a third soon after the restart with a fantastic curling effort before Son scored twice more to complete his hat-trick. He netted his second after directing his shot past Trafford from close range, with Porro assisting the third. His pinpoint cross behind Burnley's defence found the 31-year-old, who took the ball into his stride and slotted his effort in. Brownhill then netted a consolation for the hosts in stoppage time.
Burnley will be looking to secure their first win of the season when they travel to Forest after the international break, hoping to repeat their success in the EFL Cup. As for Tottenham, they host Sheffield United in their next fixture and will be confident of another victory after collecting three in a row in the Premier League.
That's all for today, goodbye.
nan
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Crystal Palace and Wolves at Selhurst Park.
The hosts endured a disappointing season last time out, needing the return of former manager Roy Hodgson to stave off relegation, but they have had a solid start to this one, taking a win, a draw and a defeat from their opening three games to leave them 12th. A win here could move them as high as fifth in the early stages of this Premier League campaign.
A turbulent pre-season for the visitors saw Julen Lopetegui leave as head coach three days before the campaign got underway, but his replacement Gary O'Neil has stepped in and somewhat steadied the ship, albeit overseeing two defeats from his opening three matches. A win away at Everton last time out has left fans optimistic that O'Neil can preserve their team's top-flight status after the former West Ham midfielder kept Bournemouth up last season.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-2-3-1): Sam Johnstone; Joel Ward, Joachim Andersen, Marc Guehi, Tyrick Mitchell; Cheick Doucoure, Jefferson Lerma; Jordan Ayew, Eberechi Eze, Jeffrey Schlupp; Odsonne Edouard.
SUBS: Dean Henderson, James Tomkins, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Nathaniel Clyne, Will Hughes, Chris Richards, Naouirou Ahamada, Jairo Riedewald, Jesurun Rak-Sakyi.
WOLVES (4-4-1-1): Jose Sa; Nelson Semedo, Craig Dawson, Max Kilman, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Pedro Neto, Mario Lemina, Joao Gomes, Pablo Sarabia; Matheus Cunha; Fabio Silva.
SUBS: Dan Bentley, Matt Doherty, Boubacar Traore, Hwang Hee-Chan, Hugo Bueno, Sasa Kalajdzic, Toti Gomes, Enso Gonzalez, Nathan Fraser.
Hodgson names an unchanged starting XI from his team's last Premier League outing, a 1-1 draw away at Brentford last weekend. Despite scoring a 22-minute hat-trick to help the Eagles come from behind against Plymouth Argyle in the EFL Cup in midweek, Mateta remains on the bench as Edouard, who also netted in that game, starts up front.
O'Neil makes two changes from the win at Goodison Park as Ait-Nouri is preferred to Bueno at left-back while Sarabia comes in for Hwang on the wing. Kalajdzic, who came off the bench to score the dramatic late winner against the Toffees, is again named as a substitute. New signing Gonzalez could come on for his debut.
The two teams make their way onto the pitch ahead of this big Premier League contest!
The visitors kick us off and we are underway!
Palace have won their last three Premier League home games against Wolves – in their top-flight history they have only won four in a row against Stoke (1969-1973), Southampton (1980-1991) and Wimbledon (1989-1992).
Wolves win the ball high up the pitch and Cunha has options to his left and right. In the end, he underhits a pass to his right for Neto and Palace scramble clear.
The visitors have enjoyed the better of the opening exchanges, but neither side has been able to fashion a real chance yet.
Neto wins a corner with good work down the left, but a towering header from Andersen clears the resulting set-piece. The ball does come back into the box, but Silva blasts his shot well over the crossbar.
Guehi receives an early telling-off from the referee after a late challenge on Cunha in midfield as the visitors looked to counter.
Wolves are continuing to threaten. This time it is Gomes who charges into the Palace box, but his shot is blazed wide of the target.
O'Neil will be very encouraged by his team's start at Selhurst Park. They have been the side on the front foot, with the Eagles yet to get going.
PENALTY!? Palace players and fans scream for a spot-kick as Eze takes a tumble under a Gomes challenge in the Wolves box as he looked to cut in on his right foot. VAR does take a look at the incident, but rules that there was not enough contact to award a penalty.
OFF THE LINE!!! Kilman saves a certain goal after an almighty mix-up in the Wolves defence. Sa underhits a pass to Lemina and Lerma nips in. He squares it for Ayew, who shoots first time, and the ball looks to be heading in until Kilman makes a goal-saving block. That is a huge let-off for the visitors!
After a positive start, Wolves very nearly shot themselves in the foot. Will that provide encouragement for the hosts?
Ayew's deep cross finds Schlupp at the back post, but he cannot get enough power on his effort and Sa easily gathers. Palace are growing into the game.
Having lost 1-0 to Arsenal in their first home Premier League match this season, Palace are looking to avoid losing their opening two home games in a season for the first time since 2018-19. Palace have done so five times previously (1994-95, 1997-98, 2004-05, 2017-18, 2018-19), with only West Ham doing so more often in Premier League history (six).
Eze strides towards Sa's goal, getting all the way into the penalty area before an important challenge from Dawson nips the ball away from a corner. Sa then takes the pressure off his defenders by leaping to claim the lofted set-piece delivery.
Semedo is perhaps unfortunate to receive a yellow card as Schlupp goes down near the corner flag under the full-back's challenge.
Schlupp's floated cross is met by Edouard in the penalty area, but the striker cannot jump high enough to avoid his header soaring high over the crossbar.
Ait-Nouri and Ayew clash after the Wolves man fouls the Palace forward, with the former receiving a booking for his part in the scuffle.
Wolves are left furious as the referee ignores their protests after Neto goes down under Eze's challenge.
Palace fail to fully clear a Wolves free-kick, but Silva's eventual shot from just outside the box balloons over the target.
Since making his Premier League debut, no goalkeeper has made more saves from shots taken inside the box than Sa with 168.
Neto smashes a shot towards Johnstone's goal, but Andersen makes an important block to prevent his goalkeeper from being troubled.
Semedo drags a long-range effort off target as Wolves enjoy a little spell of pressure. They are still yet to have a shot on target, however.
Edouard requires some treatment after being caught by a stray arm in a coming-together with Dawson.
After a lengthy pause for Edouard to receive treatment, play has now resumed with the Palace striker back on the pitch.
Having only just returned to the field of play, Edouard sees a tame shot easily saved by Sa from a tight angle.
Neto shows some tricky footwork to cut in past Ward and make space for a shot on his right boot. His effort is decent, but Johnstone is able to tip over for a corner.
Cunha looks as if he will nod Neto's cross from the left towards goal, but there is no shout for Dawson in front of him to leave it, and the former West Ham man gets to it first, skimming a header away from danger, much to Cunha's frustration.
There will be three minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
Wolves work the ball really nicely down the left with a clever flick looking to have set Neto up to fire at goal. The away fans implore him to pull the trigger, but he tries one pass too many and Palace get bodies in the way to clear.
HALF-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 0-0 WOLVES
The game is goalless at the break after an opening 45 minutes of few chances at Selhurst Park. The hosts came closest with Wolves nearly the architects of their own downfall, as Sa woefully underhit a pass to Lemina. Lerma stole in before squaring for Ayew, who looked set to fire Palace in front, only for Kilman to get back and make a heroic block to save a certain goal. Neto looked threatening for the visitors, who shaded the first half without really troubling Johnstone between the hosts' sticks.
O'Neil will be the happier of the two managers at the interval, though he will be keen to figure out how to turn his team's possession advantage into more clear-cut chances, having only registered one shot on target to Palace's three despite having 59.7 per cent of the ball. Will the Wolves boss look to Kalajdzic again off the bench after his heroics at Goodison Park?
The hosts get us back underway for the second period.
Neither of these sides has scored a first-half goal this season, with this the fourth game of the campaign for both teams.
Wolves have started the second half well, much like they did in the opening 45 minutes. Can they find a way through this Palace defence?
Ward receives a yellow card for a very late challenge on Neto near the touchline.
Wolves (74) and Palace (70) rank first and second for most Premier League games that were goalless at half-time since the start of the 2018-19 season.
Gomes goes in the book for cynically dragging back Eze after the Palace forward dispossessed him in midfield.
GOAL!!! PALACE TAKE THE LEAD!!! Edouard scores for the second straight game in all competitions, nipping in front of Kilman to get on the end of Mitchell's cross from the left. He meets the delivery, poking past Sa to put the hosts 1-0 up!
Mitchell's cross was sublime to allow Edouard to fire home.
For all of their good work in this match, Wolves find themselves a goal down and with work to do if they are to avoid a third league defeat of the season.
O'Neil makes his first substitution of the contest, introducing Hwang for Sarabia.
Edouard has scored three goals in his last six Premier League games for Palace, one more than he had in his previous 25.
All three of Edouard's goals this season (all competitions) have come in the second half of matches, with all three goals being scored within the first 15 minutes of the second half.
GOAL!!! WOLVES ARE LEVEL!!! It is the substitute Hwang who gets the equaliser. He meets Neto's free-kick delivery from the left, with the ball appearing to come off his shoulder rather than his head. He will not care a jot, though, as the ball flies past Johnstone and into the back of the net to make it 1-1. Game on!
Neto has impressed in this match, and it was his wicked set-piece delivery that led to Hwang's leveller.
Can Wolves kick on and find a winner now? Their large contingent of travelling supporters will certainly be hoping so.
All three of Wolves' Premier League goals this season have been scored by substitutes (Hwang with two, one for Kalajdzic).
Mateta comes on for Schlupp after scoring a hat-trick in midweek.
Eze's excellent corner delivery is met by Guehi, but his header is straight at Sa, who easily saves.
BIG SAVE! Ait-Nouri badly misjudges an aerial ball and Ayew nicks the ball off him. The Palace man fires at goal, but Sa is able to get down to his left and tip wide.
Silva makes way for Traore.
Edouard receives the ball from Eze before letting fly at goal, but his left-footed effort is always rising and soars over the bar.
WHAT A STOP! Eze lines up a free-kick, and his powerful effort looks to be flying into the top right corner. However, Sa leaps to his left and makes an acrobatic save to tip it wide.
GOAL!!! EZE RESTORES PALACE'S LEAD!!! Ward lofts a delivery into the Wolves box, and Mateta is able to divert the ball into Eze's path off his back. The former Queens Park Rangers man latches onto it, before poking past Sa to put the hosts 2-1 up!
Mateta's unorthodox assist set Eze up to stab home.
Having equalised once already, can Wolves get back to level pegging again to avoid defeat?
Last weekend's hero Kalajdzic is on in place of Gomes as O'Neil looks to haul his side back into the game.
Bueno also enters the fray, with Ait-Nouri making way.
GOAL!!! EDOUARD MAKES IT 3-1!!! It is a brilliant team goal, as Edouard plays the ball to Mateta outside the box. The substitute's clever flick then gives possession back to Edouard, who finishes into the bottom left corner to surely put the game beyond Wolves' reach.
Mateta gets his second assist since coming off the bench as he tees up Edouard to coolly finish.
It is a long way back for O'Neil's men now if they are to come away from this game with any points.
Neto smashes a curling effort towards goal, and it bounces right in front of Johnstone. The Palace goalkeeper deals with it well, though, ensuring the ball does not slip out of his grasp with Wolves attackers lurking for any potential fumble.
Having scored two important goals, Edouard makes way for Hughes as Hodgson looks to shore it up.
We are into six minutes of additional time. Can Wolves get a goal back to set up a nervy finish for the hosts?
Eze looks to add a fourth by trying to pick out the bottom left corner, though Sa gets down well to palm it wide.
The visitors are struggling to get hold of the ball at the moment as the seconds continue to tick away.
Cunha tries to make something happen by charging into the Palace box, but he is crowded out and the hosts clear upfield.
GOAL!!! CUNHA REDUCES THE ARREARS!!! The former Atletico Madrid man gets up well to meet Neto's delivery from the left before heading goalwards. Johnstone does get a hand to it but cannot stop the ball going in, and it is now 3-2 to Palace. Can Wolves pull off the dramatic late comeback?
Neto again shows his crossing ability, getting his second assist of the game as he and Cunha give their team a lifeline.
FULL-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 3-2 WOLVES
The final whistle goes and it is Palace who run out 3-2 winners thanks to Edouard's double and a goal from England international Eze. Former Celtic striker Edouard put the Eagles ahead when he finished off Mitchell's fine cross in the 56th minute, but Wolves were level shortly after, Hwang coming off the bench to divert Neto's free-kick into the back of the net. However, it was Palace who would kick on and win the match, with substitute Mateta setting up Eze to put the hosts back in front before also teeing up Edouard for his second to put the game beyond the visitors' reach. Cunha did pull a goal back in the dying seconds, but it was too little, too late for Wolves who fall to a third defeat of the season.
Palace's great record over Wolves continues having now won five of their six Premier League meetings, with this latest victory enough to move the Eagles up to seventh heading into the international break. For O'Neil's side, their worrying start leaves them teetering just two points above the bottom three, a position they will be keen to improve on when they return to action.
Thanks for joining us for live coverage of Crystal Palace's 3-2 victory over Wolves in the Premier League at Selhurst Park. Goodbye!
Hello everyone and welcome to live text coverage of the Premier League clash between Liverpool and Aston Villa at Anfield.
Just one point separates the two sides, who arrive in the contest fresh from back-to-back Premier League victories. After opening with a 1-1 draw against Chelsea, Liverpool have recorded 3-1 and 2-1 wins over Bournemouth and Newcastle United respectively. Meanwhile, Villa have bounced back from their humbling 5-1 defeat at Newcastle, beating Everton 4-0 and Burnley 3-1.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Alisson Becker; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Joel Matip, Joe Gomez, Andrew Robertson; Dominik Szoboszlai, Alexis Mac Allister, Curtis Jones; Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez, Luis Diaz.
SUBS: Caoimhin Kelleher, Jarell Quansah, Kostas Tsimikas, Stefan Bajcetic, Wataru Endo, Harvey Elliott, Ben Doak, Diogo Jota, Cody Gakpo.
ASTON VILLA (3-4-2-1): Emiliano Martinez; Ezri Konsa, Diego Carlos, Pau Torres; Matty Cash, Boubacar Kamara, Douglas Luiz, Lucas Digne; Moussa Diaby, John McGinn; Ollie Watkins.
SUBS: Robin Olsen, Calum Chambers, Clement Lenglet, Youri Tielemans, Leander Dendoncker, Leon Bailey, Omari Kellyman, Nicolo Zaniolo, Jhon Duran.
Jurgen Klopp makes three changes from Liverpool's victory over Newcastle. Following his last-minute winner as a substitute, Nunez leads the line with Gakpo dropping to the bench. Jones returns from an ankle injury to take Endo's place in midfield, while Gomez replaces the suspended Virgil van Dijk in the heart of defence. New signing Ryan Gravenberch is ineligible to feature, while Ibrahima Konate and Thiago Alcantara miss out through injury.
Unai Emery, who made six changes for the Europa Conference League play-off victory over Hibernian in midweek, makes just a single alteration to the side that beat Burnley last weekend. It comes in goal with Martinez returning between the sticks in place of Olsen, who drops to the bench alongside new signing Lenglet.
Liverpool have won nine of their last 11 Premier League meetings with Villa. Although, the latter did snap a five-game losing streak with a 1-1 draw at Anfield in May.
The officials lead the players out onto the pitch. We are quickly approaching kick-off at Anfield.
Referee Simon Hooper blows his whistle and Villa get us under way.
Liverpool look to threaten as Robertson sweeps the ball down the line for Diaz to run onto. However, the latter started his run too early and is ruled offside.
SZOBOSZLAI!!! 1-0 LIVERPOOL! What a strike! Loose play from Torres culminates in Villa conceding a corner. Alexander-Arnold whips in a delivery that evades everyone in the area and drops kindly for Szoboszlai, who unleashes the sweetest of strikes into the far corner. Martinez was flat-footed.
Alexander-Arnold's corner missed everybody, but fell kindly for Szoboszlai to open the scoring in wonderful fashion.
This is something Liverpool have not been overly accustomed to in recent times. Indeed, the Reds fell behind in their last two matches, but have broken the deadlock this time around.
Liverpool have their tails up and Anfield is in fine voice. A swift exchange of passes releases Szoboszlai down the right, but the goalscorer is penalised for offside.
Szoboszlai's sweet strike was Liverpool's 43rd Premier League goal since the start of March. That is the highest tally recorded by any side during that span.
Villa look to play their way into the contest and a neat move from back to front culminates in Diaby getting in behind. He looks to square the ball for Watkins, but it goes just behind the striker and Szoboszlai is there to clear.
Diaby has enjoyed a strong start to life at Villa, having been directly involved in three goals in his first three Premier League appearances. He is also aiming to become only the sixth different player to find the net in each of his first three Premier League away games.
Diaz and Salah combine on the edge of the penalty area as Liverpool push for a second goal, but Villa do well to snuff out the threat.
A concern for Villa as Carlos goes down and the medical team are on to see him. With the likes of Tyrone Mings already on the sidelines, the visitors will not want another defensive injury to contend with.
Carlos is unable to continue and Emery opts for an attacking change by replacing him with Bailey.
That is an interesting tactical move by Emery. It would have been easy to go like-for-like with that substitution, but the Spaniard is clearly trying to inject more life into his side's attacking ranks.
OWN-GOAL!!! 2-0 LIVERPOOL! Alexander-Arnold picks out Salah with a wonderful lofted ball over the top of the Villa defence. The latter squares for Nunez, who fires against the post, but the ball ricochets against Cash and into the net.
That was most unfortunate for Villa, with Cash in the wrong time at the wrong time. But the visitors invited pressure by allowing Alexander-Arnold far too much time and space to pick his pass. You cannot afford to do that.
Kamara receives the first yellow card of the game after bundling Diaz over.
FREE HEADER! Matip should score! Liverpool could have been out of sight there. Matip is completely unmarked to meet Alexander-Arnold's inviting free-kick delivery, but can only steer his header wide of the target.
Liverpool failed to score in four of their opening seven Premier League matches in 2023. However, the Reds have now found the net in 17 of their last 19 outings.
Villa are looking to work their way back into the contest and force a corner following a dangerous attack down the right. Can they capitalise?
OVER! Gomez slips under pressure from Bailey and Villa look to counter. Diaby drives towards the penalty area before feeding the onrushing McGinn, who fires his first-time effort over the bar. That was the visitors' first real sight on goal.
We are into the final 10 minutes of the first half at Anfield, where Liverpool are two goals to the good thanks to Szoboszlai and Cash putting through his own net.
CHANCE! Villa threaten down the left flank and a low cross is sent into the six-yard box. Watkins arrives, but cannot steer the ball towards goal.
OFF THE BAR! Nunez races onto a long ball over the top of defence. He exchanges passes with Salah, but sees his dinked attempt from a tight angle crash against the woodwork. Villa subsequently manage to scramble the ball away.
Gravenberch watches on from the stands and will be eager to make his mark at Liverpool as soon as possible. His arrival certainly provides Klopp with a welcome selection headache in midfield.
Liverpool threaten and the ball breaks kindly for Alexander-Arnold to strike from distance. He catches it cleanly enough, but the attempt is off target.
Not far away! Villa now go on the attack with Watkins finding Diaby. The latter looks to bend the ball around Gomez and into the far corner from a tight angle, but his effort is not far wide in all fairness.
We are going to play four additional minutes at the end of this first half.
Liverpool have enjoyed over two-thirds of the possession during the first half and comfortably retain the ball as the break draws nearer.
CHANCE! Salah spins away from his marker to latch onto Alexander-Arnold's long ball down the line. The Egyptian goes for goal from a tight angle, but Martinez is alert and denies him.
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 2-0 ASTON VILLA
Liverpool lead Aston Villa by two goals to nil at Anfield. The Reds took the lead after just three minutes thanks to Szoboszlai's sweet strike, while Cash's own-goal doubled the advantage after Nunez had hit the post.
Villa have carried a decent attack threat during the first half, but are yet to register a shot on target. That is something the visitors must address after the break to have any chance of getting back into this game.
Liverpool get the ball rolling again in the second half.
Szoboszlai cleverly skips away from Digne and fizzes the ball across the penalty area. It eventually breaks kindly for Salah, who fires over from distance.
GOOD SAVE! Villa attack down the other end and Cash attacks Digne's deep cross at the far post. But Alisson produces a brilliant reflex save to deny him.
HOW DID HE MISS THAT?! Alexander-Arnold produces another sublime long ball down the line for Salah to run onto. The latter crosses to the far post, where Nunez is unable to head into the empty net from inside the six-yard box.
It has been an exciting start to the second half with chances for both teams already. Neutrals will certainly be hoping for more of the same as the half goes on.
Though still awaiting his goal today, Nunez came into the game having averaged the most shots (4.55) and most on target per 90 minutes (2.02) of any Premier League player since the start of last season.
SALAH!!! 3-0 LIVERPOOL! And surely, there is no way back for Villa now! Meeting a corner at the near post, Nunez glances the ball across the six-yard box for Salah to provide the finishing touch.
Nunez grabbed the assist after helping the corner towards the far post.
Salah has now had at least one direct goal involvement in each of his last 10 Premier League appearances, scoring five times and providing seven assists during that span.
Villa desperately seek a response and Watkins looks to connect with a cross, but it just evades him on this occasion.
Salah has now scored or assisted in each of his last 11 Premier League appearances at Anfield. Thierry Henry was the last player to do so more often at home in the English top flight - 17 between November 2002 and October 2003.
As thing stand, Liverpool are set to extend their unbeaten Premier League streaks - both in general (15) and at Anfield (14).
Liverpool's third change sees Elliott replace Jones.
Klopp makes three changes. The first sees Jota replace Diaz.
Gakpo is also introduced with Nunez making way.
Villa also make a change. Bailey, who replaced Carlos earlier on, goes off with Zaniolo taking his place.
It seems like it is damage limitation for Villa as we enter the final quarter of this game. Liverpool are well in control of proceedings.
CLOSE! Alexander-Arnold brilliantly accelerates away from challenges and space opens ahead of him. The crowd urge him to shoot from distance and he obliges, with his powerful attempt not far over the crossbar.
Alexander-Arnold seems to feel a twinge and signals that he cannot continue. He limps off to be replaced by Quansah, who makes his home Premier League debut.
Villa make two more changes. The first sees Tielemans replace Douglas Luiz.
Duran also enters the action with Watkins making way.
GOOD SAVE! Another lofted ball over the top releases Salah once more. He could square it for Gakpo, but goes for goal from a tight angle and Martinez pushes it away.
Good try! Liverpool go in search of more goals. Szoboszlai's corner is only cleared to the edge of the box, where Elliott's volley deflects just wide of the target.
Twice in as many minutes, Duran goes for goal from angles that are far too tight. On both occasions, he is way off target and his team-mates are far from impressed.
Although Liverpool are three goals to the good and comfortable in possession, Klopp wants more from his players as he barks out instructions from the touchline.
The Reds are enjoying over 65 per cent of possession as the clock ticks down towards what should be a commanding win.
Villa look for a consolation on the counter. McGinn feeds Diaby, who sends an inviting ball into the six-yard box. But none of his team-mates are alert and able to pounce.
Mac Allister receives a brilliant reception as he goes off to be replaced by Endo.
Endo is involved straightaway with an inviting ball to the back post, where Martinez denies Matip. The offside flag is subsequently raised.
We are going to play four additional minutes at the end of this game.
There is a minor altercation between Gomez and Duran after the latter appeared to flick his leg towards the Liverpool defender. But the referee is quickly over to sort it out.
Just 60 seconds of stoppage time remain and Villa will want to forget this game as quickly as possible.
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 3-0 ASTON VILLA
Liverpool make it three wins on the bounce following a commanding victory over Aston Villa. Dominik Szoboszlai and a Matty Cash own-goal put Jurgen Klopp's side in control during the first half of the German's 300th Premier League game in charge at Anfield. Mohamed Salah put the result beyond any doubt soon after the break as the Reds remain unbeaten and climb to third in the table.
Both sides head into the international break before returning to Premier League action on September 16. Liverpool travel to Wolves that day with Villa hosting Crystal Palace.
That's all for today. Thank you for joining us. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to the live commentary for the Premier League fixture between Luton Town and West Ham from Kenilworth Road.
This fixture sees Luton host a Premier League fixture for the first time since their promotion from the Championship. Rob Edwards's side also continue their search for their first points of the season after defeats to Brighton and Hove Albion and Chelsea in their first two games. West Ham, meanwhile, are looking to continue their stellar unbeaten start to the season after an opening-day draw against Bournemouth followed by back-to-back 3-1 victories against Chelsea and Brighton.
LUTON TOWN (5-3-2): Thomas Kaminski; Alfie Doughty, Reece Burke, Mads Andersen, Amari'i Bell, Ryan Giles; Tahith Chong, Marvelous Nakamba, Ross Barkley; Elijah Adebayo, Carlton Morris.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: Jacob Brown, Tim Krul, Joseph Johnson, Issa Kabore, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu, Luke Berry, Chiedozie Ogbene, Cauley Woodrow, Aidan Francis-Clarke.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Kurt Zouma, Nayef Aguerd, Emerson; Edson Alvarez, James Ward-Prowse; Jarrod Bowen, Lucas Paqueta, Said Benrahma, Michail Antonio.
WEST HAM SUBS: Thilo Kehrer, Lukasz Fabianski, Pablo Fornals, Angelo Ogbonna, Aaron Cresswell, Mohammed Kudus, Divin Mubama, Danny Ings, Maxwel Cornet.
Edwards makes two changes from his side's 3-0 defeat against Chelsea. Captain Tom Lockyer is replaced by Andersen while Doughty comes in for Kabore at right wing-back.
David Moyes also makes two changes to his side after their 3-1 win against Brighton last week. Aguerd comes back into the side in place of Ogbonna in central defence while the injured Tomas Soucek is replaced by Benrahma.
This is the first meeting in any competition between Luton and West Ham since March 1994, a 3-2 home win for the Hatters in an FA Cup quarter-final replay.
The players emerge from the tunnel and the game is about to begin!
Luton get this first half under way.
A positive start from the home side as a ball into the box is cleared only as far as Barkley. The midfielder tries his luck but scuffs his effort well wide of the mark.
Giles's cross is met by Adebayo but the striker is unable to control the ball inside the box and the chance escapes him.
Barkley delivers a free-kick from the right but West Ham are able to clear the ball away under pressure.
After a fast start from Luton, West Ham have begun to assert themselves on this game. Benrahma makes a dangerous surge down the left but his cross is blocked away and eventually cleared by Chong.
Benrahma hangs another cross up towards the back post but Giles just gets his head in before the onrushing Bowen could get a strike on goal. Another cross follows from the right, but Benrahma snatches at it and sends his effort low and wide of the left post.
Chong tries his luck from long range but his effort is scuffed. Luton recover the ball, though, and Gilles's tempting cross nearly causes Areola trouble in the West Ham trouble. The Frenchman flaps at the ball, which falls loose, but West Ham can clear.
Another chance now for Luton falls at the feet of Barkley but he pulls his effort wide of the post.
A lose ball on the edge of the Luton area drops to Bowen but the Luton defence does well to force the winger wide. He eventually sees a cross blocked behind for a corner.
Ward-Prowse delivers his first corner of the game but Luton can clear.
Adebayo works hard down the right-hand side and wins his side a corner.
From the Luton corner, West Ham attempt to break. Benrahma and Paqueta bring the ball forward but the home side recover and are able to prevent the opportunity.
The latest Luton corner finally produces an opportunity, but Andesen's header is a tricky one and the centre-back can only steer it wide of the post.
WIDE! Bowen is allowed to bring down the ball far too easily on the edge of the Luton area, with his right-footed half-volley just wide of the right post with Kaminski beaten.
Ward-Prowse delivers a dangerous corner right on top of Kaminski. Morris does well defensively, though, as the striker rises to head away the danger.
Just over ten minutes remaining in this first half as the game still goes in search of its first shot on target.
Bowen fires a low cross across the box, but there is no West Ham player on the end of the cross and Luton can clear.
Bowen rolls it across to Benrahma in the area and the Algerian opts for a pass rather than the shot. In the end, the ball is cleared. but only as far as Alvarez. The new midfield signing tries his luck but his effort is blocked well by Andersen.
GOOOAAAALLL!!! WEST HAM LEAD! 1-0! They've had the better of the ball and West Ham now have their lead through Bowen. It's Paqueta with a beautiful cross from the left and the Englishman ghosts in behind the Luton defence before powering a header home at the back post.
A lovely cross from Paqueta to unlock the Luton defence and set up Bowen for the game's opening goal.
Adebayo has the ball on the edge of the box as Luton look to respond. The striker tries his luck but he lashes it well over the bar.
OVER! Giles again offers a threat down the left with his crossing ability. He picks out Morris at the near post, but the forward's flicked header just goes over the bar with Areola scrambling backwards towards his far post.
Another chance from another corner for Luton as a loose ball falls towards Chong at the post. The central midfielder can't quite get his body shape sorted and the ball deflects off his midriff and wide of the post.
There will be two minutes of added time to end this first half.
HALF-TIME: LUTON TOWN 0-1 WEST HAM
Bowen's header sees West Ham take a 1-0 lead into the half-time break away against Luton. The Hatters, playing their first Premier League game at home, started the brighter side but were unable to create any clear-cut chances. Since then, Moyes' side have grown into the game, continuing their impressive start to the season when Bowen converted Paqueta's cross in the 37th minute for his third goal in four league games so far.
Luton's bid for Premier League survival was always going to rely on an impressive home form but, at present, they'll need to be much better if they are to turn Kenilworth Road into a beacon for much-needed points and mount a second-half comeback. West Ham have looked solid, if not remarkable, but they have the all-important goal and a lead which they'll look to defend in this second half.
West Ham get this game back underway in the second half.
If Luton lose tonight, it would mark defeats in each of their opening three matches of a league campaign for just the fifth time in their Football League history, after 1927-28, 1935-36, 1996-97, and 2002-03.
Another tempting cross from Ward-Prowse is headed away by Adebayo with Zouma looking to attack.
OFFSIDE! Emerson thinks he's doubled West Ham's lead and wheels away in celebration but it's disallowed after Antonio was ruled to be in an offside position in the build-up.
Doughty tries his luck from range but the wing-back sees his deflected effort spin behind for a corner.
A defensive mistake from Luton sees Ward-Prowse surge free with the ball down the right. The midfielder pulls it across goal to Benrahma but a superb sliding tackle from Barkley does enough to disrupt the Algerian's effort and prevent the away side from finding a second.
CLOSE! It's a hopeful ball into the box from Nakamba but a mix-up between Aguerd and Areola almost allows Adebayo to tap the ball in at the back post. In the end, the West Ham defence recovers and the striker can only poke the ball wide, but that's a real let-off for Moyes's side.
More space from Giles down the left and it's another threatening cross from the wing-back. West Ham's defence does well, though, and it's cleared behind for a corner.
A corner up the other end, now, as Benrahma does well to draw a corner for the away side. Ward-Prowse delivers but Luton can clear.
Benrahma now tries his luck with a speculative effort from distance, but it's a comfortable save for Kaminski.
Near halfway through the second half and Luton are still in search of their first shot on target.
Antonio does fantastically to hold off two defenders and bring the ball under control. He feeds Bowen on the right wing, but his eventual cross is cleared away by Burke.
A triple-change from Luton. First off is Barkley who is replaced by Mpanzu.
Brown replaces Adebayo up front.
Finally, the impressive Giles comes off for Kabore with Doughty likely moving to left wing-back.
There's one change also for West Ham as Benrahma makes way for Fornals.
West Ham continue to look on top in this game but they would no doubt like a second goal to ease the nerves amongst their travelling supporters.
A slight pause as Doughty is down receiving treatment.
The Luton player isn't able to continue, with Doughty making way for Ogbene.
Another stoppage shortly after as Zouma goes down with a knock.
Another change for West Ham as Antonio comes off with Ings replacing him up top.
A cynical challenge from Emerson on Chong brings the first yellow card of the game.
Ogbene gets to the byline before dinking a cross to the far post. It's eventually retrieved from a Luton player who cuts it back to Morris inside the area. The forward's effort rises over the bar, perhaps taking a deflection on the way.
A final roll of the dice from Luton as Chong comes off for Woodrow.
GOOOAAAALL!! WEST HAM DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! 2-0! A vital second goal from West Ham as they go further ahead from a corner. It's a great delivery from Ward-Prowse and Zouma rises highest before thundering a header in off the post. Just five minutes left, and that could be that.
Ward-Prowse's set-piece prowess was on display there with a pin-point delivery from the corner which Zouma duly converted.
Luton's first yellow card as Nakamba fouls Paqueta late on.
There will be five minutes of added time to end this game.
A late change for West Ham sees new signing Kudus come on for his debut. The Ghanaian replaces Paqueta.
GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! LUTON PULL ONE BACK!! 2-1! Could there be some late drama? Luton have a goal back in injury time and perhaps it's not quite over. It's route-one football as a ball from the back finds Morris. The striker cushions a header beautifully into the box and it's met by Andersen who flicks it on further into the net to set up an intriguing last few minutes.
Morris has worked hard this game and gets a deserved assist with a cushioned header setting up Andersen to head home for the home side.
A late corner is swung in by Luton which Andersen throws himself at. The centre-back can't make contact and Kudus can clear for West Ham.
As the ball was cleared, there was a brief VAR check for a handball by Ward-Prowse but no penalty is given.
The balls runs through to Ogbene, but the wing-back can't create the space for his shot and, in the end, Areola can claim the effort with ease.
FULL-TIME: LUTON TOWN 1-2 WEST HAM
West Ham's unbeaten start to the Premier League season continues as they see out a 2-1 victory away against Luton. Bowen saw the Hammers ahead with a header when he was found by Paqueta's cross in the 37th minute as Moyes's side enjoyed the better of the first half. Luton, playing their first Premier League game at home, struggled to create chances in the second half and saw their deficit doubled when Zouma powered home a thumping header from Ward-Prowse's corner. A late goal from Andersen clawed back a slither of hope for Luton in injury time but they were unable to complete the late turnaround, with West Ham seeing the game out to record three straight wins in the league.
West Ham, if only momentarily, move top of the Premier League and send their fans home happy after another impressive display away from home. Moyes's side face a tricky task next up after the international break as they welcome defending champions Manchester City to the London Stadium. Luton's quest for their first Premier League points goes on after three straight defeats. They will hope to put the international break to good use before they travel to face Fulham two weeks on Saturday.
That's all - thanks for tuning in!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Manchester City and Fulham at the Etihad Stadium!
City are looking to maintain their perfect start to the season and return to the top of the table with another win here today. They've already beaten Burnley, Newcastle United and Sheffield United in the league, as well as adding the Super Cup to their trophy cabinet since the season started. As for Fulham, they started their campaign with a victory, beating Everton 1-0 on the opening day, before losing to Brentford and snatching a late draw at Arsenal last weekend. They come into this game on the back of a penalty shootout win against Tottenham, which saw them through to the EFL Cup third round in midweek.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-2-3-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Ruben Dias, Manuel Akanji, Nathan Ake; Rodri, Mateo Kovacic; Phil Foden, Julian Alvarez, Jeremy Doku; Erling Haaland.
SUBS: Sergio Gomez, Scott Carson, Matheus Nunes, Rico Lewis, Stefan Ortega, Josko Gvardiol, Oscar Bobb, Kalvin Phillips, Bernardo Silva.
FULHAM (4-3-3): Bernd Leno; Kenny Tete, Issa Diop, Tim Ream, Antonee Robinson; Tom Cairney, Harrison Reed, Andreas Pereira; Harry Wilson, Raul Jimenez, Bobby De Cordova-Reid.
SUBS: Adama Traore, Timothy Castagne, Calvin Bassey, Willian, Rodrigo Muniz, Carlos Vinicius, Tyrese Francois, Luke Harris, Marek Rodak.
There's no Pep Guardiola on the sidelines after his back surgery, and there are three changes to the City side that eventually got the better of Sheffield United last time out. Doku comes in to make his debut, with Akanji and Foden also being brought in. Gvardiol and Silva both drop to the bench, while Jack Grealish misses out due to a thigh problem. New signing Nunes is on the bench after joining the club on Friday.
Marco Silva is back on the touchline after serving a ban, and he makes four changes from Fulham's EFL Cup game against Spurs in midweek. Leno is back in goal, with Pereira, Wilson and Jimenez also coming in. Rodak, Traore and Muniz start on the bench, as do Bassey and Willian as they return from suspension and injury respectively. Joao Palhinha is not in the squad after his proposed move to Bayern Munich fell through on deadline day.
City have won their last 14 meetings with Fulham in all competitions – among Premier League/Football League clubs in competitive English football history, only the Citizens themselves have had a longer winning run against an opponent (15 against Watford).
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Haaland gets the game under way for City!
City are dominating all of the early possession here as they knock it around in front of Fulham. The visitors are pressing high, but they can't get close to them at the moment.
Walker decides to go for a more direct route this time, sending it long to Alvarez. It bounces off his shin out to Foden, but he is muscled off the ball by De Cordova-Reid, who looks to break.
Haaland drops deep to get on the ball and knocks it on to Kovacic so that he can make a run into the box. It's swept out to Ake so he can swing a cross in, but it's too deep for the Norwegian.
Robinson steps in to cut out a sloppy pass from Akanji, and Fulham have the chance to play out from the back. They neatly work it out to the right side, but Cairney's run is blocked off by Kovacic.
It's a great switch from Reed, and although there's too much on it for Cairney, the touch off his chest helps it to De Cordova-Reid. He curls a delightful cross into the box, and Akanji gets a vital touch to take it away from Jimenez.
After winning back-to-back matches at the Etihad in April 2008 and April 2009, Fulham are winless in their last 12 visits to City in all competitions (drawn two, lost 10). They have lost the last nine in a row by an aggregate score of 27-2.
Cairney has gone down in the middle of the field off the ball and he requires treatment on his knee. The medical team is on, and Silva is readying a substitute in case it is needed.
Cairney shakes his head as he makes his way off the pitch after treatment. He goes straight down the tunnel as Harris replaces him.
It's another sloppy pass from Akanji as he gifts the ball to De Cordova-Reid, and Fulham flood forward. The Jamaican cannot pick out Pereira's run down the right though, and the hosts soon have possession back.
Both teams have struggled to keep hold of the ball in the last few minutes, and Fulham win it back once more. Robinson drives down the left before trying to drill in a cross, but it's blocked by Doku.
Fulham are starting to enjoy themselves here and they're playing it brilliantly through midfield. When it's knocked back to Diop, he lifts it over the top for Wilson, but he gets sandwiched between the two City centre-backs.
City are just upping the pressure now and Rodri chips it over the top for Foden, who has space on the right. He drills it across the six-yard box first time, but nobody is in there for the hosts.
Doku does really well to get the better of Tete down the left and he clips a cross to the far post from the byline. Foden's first touch is a good one, but Robinson steps in to take it off him before he can get a shot away.
What a run from Foden! It's laid off to him by Alvarez down the right and he weaves his way towards goal through a crowded box. Leno thinks he's going to shoot so rushes off his line, but it's squared to Haaland instead, and Diop puts his laces through the clearance.
City have found their rhythm now and they're switching it from left to right and back again with confidence. Fulham are staying compact, though, and making it hard for them to work it through the middle.
ALVAREZ SCORES! It's been coming in the last few minutes, and they've finally opened up Fulham! It's a brilliant throughball from Kovacic into Haaland, and Diop just gets caught wrong side. The Norwegian unselfishly squares it into the middle to pick out Alvarez, who is left with a simple tap-in. 1-0 City!
Haaland has had a fairly quiet game so far, but he times his run perfectly this time to get in behind and sets up his team-mate.
REAM EQUALISES! Fulham weren't behind for long! They quickly work it upfield from the restart and win themselves a corner, which is swung into the box by Pereira. Jimenez peels away at the near post to strike it on the volley, and Ederson gets a hand to it. The ball bounces straight to Ream, who taps it in right on the line. 1-1!
Fulham win a free-kick this time, and Pereira delivers another set-piece into the box. City only half-clear their lines, and when it's put back into the area, Walker scrambles to get it away.
City are struggling to regain their momentum after the Fulham equaliser. They're still looking to use their wide players, but they can't find a way through the visitors' high press.
Reed sends it long once more, and Wilson makes a great run down the right and looks to have gotten the better of Dias. He breezes past him, but the defender recovers well to stop him from getting a sight of goal.
Rodri couldn't get back to stop De Cordova-Reid, and he just pushed the forward off the ball. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.
It's a really poor challenge from Diop as he stretches over the ball and steps on Doku's foot. He also goes into the referee's book.
Foden's free-kick is hit straight into the wall and Tete made the block, but is now down holding his head. He goes through the checks with the medical team, and he'll be able to carry on.
Walker picks out Alvarez in space and he looks to play Foden in behind once more. Robinson reads it well, though, and steps in to cut it out.
Robinson surges forward after intercepting the pass to Foden, but a heavy touch takes it away from him. He crashes into Akanji before he can slow down, taking the defender out, and receives a yellow card for it.
AKE SCORES! City have a goal right before the break! Foden whips a brilliant corner into the box and Ake has a completely free header on the penalty spot. He thumps his header back towards the near post and it bounces into the bottom corner. After a VAR check to see if Akanji, in an offside position, is obstructing Leno, the goal stands. 2-1 City!
It's a wonderful delivery from Foden on the corner and he spots Ake in acres of space in the middle of the box.
Akanji jumps out of the way of Ake's header as it bounces into the ground, and it's not until it clears the defender that Leno dives. It does look like he was blocking the keeper's view, but VAR doesn't see it that way, and the goal will stand.
Fulham are absolutely furious that Ake's goal stands, and they're crowding the referee as the protests continue. Silva is also venting his frustrations from the sidelines, and the referee is giving them a moment to calm down before the game restarts.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 2-1 FULHAM
City score just before half-time to take a 2-1 lead into the break over Fulham. The first 30 minutes of the game were tight, with neither side managing to create a single chance. Alvarez actually scored with the first shot of the game on the half-hour mark, tapping in Haaland's low cross. Just two minutes later, Fulham were level once more as Ream latched onto the loose ball after Ederson saved Jimenez's volley. In stoppage time, Ake thumped in a header from a corner, and after a VAR check to see if Akanji was blocking Leno, it controversially stood.
City haven't been at their high-flying best, but despite creating very little in front of goal, they have scored with both of their shots on target. They'll be looking to provide a bigger threat after the break. Fulham need to use half-time to regain their composure after the frustration of that second City goal. They've played well, though, and Silva will feel that they can get something out of this game.
Fulham get us under way for the second half!
Fulham are looking to make a quick start to the second half as it's played long to De Cordova-Reid. He beats Walker for pace before playing a one-two with Jimenez. When it comes back to him, his first-time effort from long range is fired high over the bar.
Walker gets his head down and drives down the right to get on the end of Kovacic's pass over the top. He knocks it down for Haaland, but he can't get it out of his feet before Ream gets across to him.
City are seeing a lot of the ball in the opening exchanges of the second half here, but they're struggling to get it into the box. It's played down the left for Haaland this time, but he's shrugged off it by Tete.
De Cordova-Reid isn't happy about something, and his protests see him get booked for dissent.
City are unbeaten in their last 46 Premier League matches when leading at half-time (won 43, drawn three), dating back to May 2021 against Brighton and Hove Albion, when they lost 3-2.
HAALAND SCORES! City pass it straight through the middle of Fulham as Rodri slides in Alvarez, who touches it towards the edge of the D. Ream sticks out a leg to try and cut it out, but instead helps it into Haaland's path. He's through on goal and makes no mistake as he slots it past Leno into the back of the net. 3-1 City!
Fulham look to make a quick response once more. It's sent long over the top by Ream for Jimenez, and he checks back at the byline to lose Ake and pick out Harris. He wasn't expecting it, and it bounces off him into Ederson's gloves.
The visitors have everyone sitting back in their own half as City continue to pass it around in front of them. De Cordova-Reid eventually decides to press, but they still can't get near the ball.
Wilson cuts out a loose pass by Akanji and knocks it out to Jimenez on the right before bursting into the box. The Welshman is screaming for it to be played back to him, but Ake gets across to stop that from happening.
CHANCE! Rodri threads it through the middle, and this time he picks out Haaland. His first thought is to play Alvarez through on goal, and his first-time shot from a tight angle is blocked by Diop.
City are still dominating possession here, and it's all in their own half as they knock it comfortably around Fulham's high press.
PENALTY TO CITY! It's a wonderful pass over the top to pick out Alvarez, who has acres of space ahead of him. He chests it down before running into the box and gets a nudge in the back from Diop, which sends him tumbling to the ground. The referee points to the spot.
Pereira isn't happy with that penalty being awarded and his protests see him become the second Fulham player booked for dissent in this game.
HAALAND SCORES! It's a brilliant penalty from the Norwegian! He puts last week's penalty miss behind him as he goes for power here today. Leno dives the wrong way, but he wouldn't have gotten near it anywhere as he rifles it into the left side of the net. 4-1 City!
Fulham can't get out of their own half at the moment, and City's high press is making things difficult for them. Jimenez tries to hold it up as he waits for support on the halfway line, but Dias steps in to nick it off him.
There's a double change for Fulham here. Tete is the first to go off, with Castagne coming on in his place to make his debut for the club.
De Cordova-Reid also makes way as Willian replaces him.
GREAT SAVE! Fulham aren't giving up yet, and Pereira bundles his way into the box before being shrugged off it by Dias. It bounces through the Jimenez, who hits the shot first time. It deflects off Ake's legs and Ederson stretches to tip it wide of the post.
City's first change is a double one. Rodri is taken off for Silva.
And Doku's debut comes to an early end as Gomez is brought on for him.
Silva tracks back to stop Wilson's driving run and picks up a yellow card just minutes after coming onto the field.
Haaland has reached 50 goal involvements (41 goals, nine assists) in just 39 appearances in the Premier League, breaking Andrew Cole's record (43 games) to become the fastest player to do so in the competition.
Fulham are making another double change here. Jimenez goes off for Muniz.
Traore also comes on to replace Wilson.
Fulham look tired as they chase City's passes around inside their own half, and they can't get close to the hosts. Foden sweeps it out to Walker on the right and he swings a cross into the box, but Ream beats Haaland to it.
Phillips is being given a rare chance as he comes on in place of Kovacic.
Gomez gets the better of Castagne, and the loose ball rolls to Phillips, who hooks it towards Alvarez at the far post. Leno watches it all the way to pluck it out of the air.
City may not be pushing forward with as much intent, but they're still causing Fulham problems here. Walker tries to push his way past Robinson into the box, but the American stands his ground to stop him.
City's final change is a double one. Alvarez is making way for Lewis.
Bobb also makes his senior debut for the club as he replaces Foden.
City are happy to just keep possession deep in their own half now as they look to see out the rest of stoppage time with their three-goal cushion.
Fulham committed a lot of bodies forward this time and it leaves City with space to counter into. It's threaded forward for Bobb, who is urged to shoot by the home fans, but he dawdles over it and the chance gets away from him.
HAT-TRICK! Haaland scores his third goal of the game! Fulham can't get close to City as they work it down the left and Gomez jinks past Castagne to pull it back from the byline. Haaland is left in space near the penalty spot and he hits the shot first time, drilling it low past Leno into the bottom corner. 5-1 City!
It's a great run by Gomez down the left as he weaves between the Fulham players to create space for himself to pull the ball back to Haaland.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 5-1 FULHAM
Haaland's hat-trick helps City to a 5-1 win to Fulham as their perfect start to the season continues. The game took a little while to get going before Alvarez scored with the first shot of the game on the half-hour mark. Just two minutes later though, Fulham were level as Ream latched onto Ederson's save to tap in from close range. On the stroke of half-time, Ake controversially put City back ahead after VAR deemed Akanji wasn't blocking Leno's view from an offside position. All three second-half goals came courtesy of Haaland, slotting in two well-taken finishes on either side of a penalty, which Alvarez won after being bundled over by Diop.
City make it four wins from four and they go back to the top of the table before the international break. They travel to unbeaten West Ham in two weeks' time. Fulham are now winless in three and will be looking to turn things around against Luton Town next time out.
That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live text commentary of the Premier League fixture between Sheffield United and Everton at Bramall Lane.
When these teams look back at results at the end of the season, this game could stand out with significant importance. It’s early days, but both clubs could be in danger of relegation with Sheffield United recently returning to the top flight and Everton escaping the drop by the skin of their teeth last season. There is a huge three points up for grabs today.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-5-2): Wes Foderingham; Anel Ahmedhodzic, John Egan, Jack Robinson; George Baldock, Oliver Norwood, Vinicius, Gustavo Hamer, Yasser Larouci; Cameron Archer, Oli McBurnie.
SUBS: Adam Davies, Chris Basham, Auston Trusty, Jayden Bogle, Luke Thomas, Anis Ben Slimane, William Osula, Benie Traore.
EVERTON (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Nathan Patterson, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite, Ashley Young; Idrissa Gueye, James Garner, Amadou Onana, Arnaut Danjuma; Abdoulaye Doucoure; Beto.
SUBS: Joao Virginia, Andy Lonergan, Vitalii Mykolenko, Ben Godfrey, Tyler Onyango, Dwight McNeil, Youssef Chermiti.
The big news in the Sheffield United camp is that Archer makes his Premier League debut for the club after completing a move from Aston Villa.  He starts alongside McBurnie up top, while Larouci replaces Ben Osborn at left-back.
There is also a Premier League bow for Everton striker Beto. He scored on his debut against Doncaster Rovers during an impressive cameo off the bench in midweek, and is straight into the team for this game. His inclusion is the only change from last week’s defeat to Wolves, replacing Lewis Dobbin.
Both Sheffield United and Everton have lost each of their first three league games this season; this will be only the fifth occasion of two sides facing each other on 0 points in a Premier League match having both played at least three games, after Southampton v Swindon in August 1993, Portsmouth v Bolton in September 2009, Sheff Utd v Fulham in October 2020, and Arsenal v Norwich in September 2021.
The teams have emerged from the tunnel and are ready for kick-off.
The match is underway at Bramall Lane.
Everton have an early free-kick out wide which is whipped in by Garner, but easily dealt with by the home side. The visitors have started quickly.
Great defensive work from Onana, who makes a perfectly timed sliding challenge to dispossess Hamer as he looks to make a run into the box.
This is only the fourth game of the season for these teams, but there is a nervy atmosphere in Sheffield. Both teams, already, cannot really afford to lose this one.
Everton are yet to score or pick up a point in the Premier League this season. Only in 1926-27 (first five) and 1958-59 (first six) have the Toffees ever lost each of their opening four games of a league season in their history. Meanwhile in English top-flight history, only four sides have ever lost and failed to score in their first four fixtures: Derby in 1899-1900, Stoke in 1906-07, Preston in 1924-25, and Crystal Palace in 2017-18.
Branthwaite is booked for a strong challenge on Hamer, who was making a dangerous run down the right wing. United have a free-kick in a good position.
PICKFORD SAVES! Egan is unmarked at the back post and latches onto Norwood's free-kick with a header, but it's straight at the England international. A warning for Everton.
United are slowly growing into the game. They are trying to get Archer on the ball and inflict more threat on the Everton defence.
BETO STRIKES WIDE! The striker's shot from outside the box deflects wide and Everton have a corner.
GOAL! Everton finally have a Premier League goal and it comes courtesy of Doucoure from the corner! Foderingham does wonderfully to get down to his right and save a header that had deflected off Doucoure's knee, but the midfielder was in the right place to poke the rebound in. Everton lead!
ANOTHER BIG CHANCE FOR EVERTON! Danjuma makes a direct run down the left flank and cuts inside on his right to get a shot away, which is deflected behind for another corner. He had options and could have found a team-mate in a better position.
Pickford is called into action again to deny Larouci, who shoots low and hard, but it is easy enough for the England goalkeeper to stop.
GOOD SAVE FROM PICKFORD! He gets down low to turn away Hamer's effort and United have a corner.
Archer isn't having much luck at the moment. He is trying to make things happen, but the defensive partnership of Branthwaite and Tarkowski have kept the 21-year-old quiet so far. He could do with some more support at that end of the pitch.
Hamer keeps his composure to pass his way out of a tricky situation on the edge of the United box as Everton pressed. It was risky, though.
McBurnie looks to play a through ball to Archer, but the pass is long and Branthwaite clears up again. Frustration is growing at Bramall Lane.
CHANCE FOR EVERTON! Beto brings the ball down with his back to goal and looks to have lost possession as Robinson comes across to win the ball. But the United defender passes it straight to Danjuma, who runs into the penalty box and shoots wide.
GOAL! ARCHER! United are level! Hamer works hard down the right to produce a cross and find McBurnie in the box. He lays the ball off for Archer to slam home! A brilliantly worked goal.
It's brilliant from McBurnie, who keeps composed with his back to goal to find Archer. That is the sort of support his strike partner has been crying out for, and he only needed one chance to make an impact.
How important could that goal be in United's season? Bramall Lane is rocking!
There have been just five goals scored in the five Premier League meetings between United (two) and Everton (three) at Bramall Lane before today, with no side scoring more than once in any of those games.
The game has gone up a level from the way it started. It was edgy and cagey to begin with but those goals have opened it right up.
Vinicius is in the right place at the right time to head away a cross that Danjuma was waiting for unmarked at the back post.
There is a pause in the match as Egan requires treatment for a knock.
Egan is back on his feet and looks as if he is okay to continue. United are momentarily down to 10 men as he waits for the signal from the referee.
DANJUMA WASTES A CHANCE! Beto plays a brilliant ball for Danjuma to run onto as he darts into the box. But as he approaches the goal, his heavy touch lets him down as Foderingham comes off his line to recover possession.
There will be four minutes of additional time at the end of the first half.
United are pushing for a second goal, they want to go into the break with the lead.
OWN-GOAL! 2-1 UNITED! Pickford won't want to see this again! Archer strikes against the woodwork with a fantastic effort and on the rebound, it hits Pickford on the back and goes in!
HALF-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 2-1 EVERTON
What an ending to the half! United have turned around what was looking like a long day when Everton started brightly and took the lead through Doucoure. But a moment of magic from Archer on his Premier League debut for the club got them back on level terms, before a stroke of luck put them in the lead. England’s number one was unlucky to see the ball bounce off his back and into the roof of the net for United’s second, but the hosts had worked hard for a second goal before the break and got their reward.
Despite the fortunate goal for United, they have been more clinical offensively with the chances they have had. Everton had a few good opportunities to extend their lead, twice through Danjuma, but have struggled to trouble Foderingham since their opener. Beto looked sharp at points during the first half, but he needs to have more of an impact in the final third. He may have squandered a couple of chances, but Danjuma is making things happen down the left and when Everton click, they could be in business. This game isn't over!
The second half kicks off.
No changes for either side at the break. There was concern surrounding Egan, who suffered a knock in the first half and took a while to shake it off. But he is deemed fit enough to continue.
EVERTON WANT A PENALTY! Ahmedhodzic pulls down Beto right on the edge of the penalty box and Everton have a free-kick, but there is a check to see whether or not it was in the box.
The VAR check is complete and it will be a free-kick.
Ahmedhodzic is booked for the challenge. It was really silly from the defender.
Danjuma takes the free-kick on the line of the penalty box, but he hits the ball straight into the wall.
It has been a lively start to the second half at Bramall Lane.
Young swings a corner in and Beto rises highest, but he heads the ball across the face of goal and wide.
GOAL! Danjuma equalises for Everton! They fly forward and Beto slips a ball to Patterson, who delivers a pinpoint cross towards the back post for Danjuma to finish excellently.
Patterson's cross put the ball on a plate for Danjuma. It had just the right amount of pace on it to escape the United defence and find the winger, who made no mistake.
It is two goals in two games for Danjuma, who grabbed the winner in midweek against Doncaster. Will it be the same again today?
United have a corner, but Pickford comfortably claims it. There was not any attacking threat from the home side there.
Everton manager Dyche has won just one of his five meetings with United in all competitions (drawn two, lost two), losing both of his visits to Bramall Lane (3-0 in November 2019 and 1-0 in May 2021).
Baldock draws a foul from Doucoure as the pair jumped for a header. It is becoming a real physical battle, as you would probably expect with these two teams.
Foderingham comes out to collect the ball, but the Everton fans behind his goal think he came out of his box. The referee could not have been in a better position to make the call, and signals play on.
Larouci has gone down clutching his back and needs treatment. Thomas is getting ready on the bench and will be coming on shortly.
Larouci will have to be replaced and Thomas comes on to make his debut after signing from Leicester City.
Egan is replaced by Basham in a double-change for United.
The home fans scream for a penalty as Baldock runs into Gueye, but nothing is given.
BRILLIANT SAVE FROM PICKFORD! Thomas is involved in the action straightaway and tests Pickford with a thumping effort at the back post, but the England goalkeeper makes himself big to keep it out.
There is a VAR check for an Everton handball in the penalty box, but it is completed quickly and no further action will be taken.
Doucoure concedes a foul, which he is cautioned for, and United have a free-kick in a good position just outside the box.
Hamer swings the ball in from the free-kick, but it is well-defended by Everton.
Everton make a change. Garner comes off for McNeil.
There is a standing ovation for Archer, who is replaced by Traore.
Everton are winless in their last six Premier League away games against promoted sides (drawn three, lost three), having won five in a row before this streak.
Onana draws a foul from Basham just outside the box. It is careless from Basham, who goes through the back of him, and now Everton have a brilliant chance to test Foderingham.
Young strikes at goal from the free-kick, but Foderingham saves comfortably.
Both teams are less than 10 minutes of normal time away from their first point of the season. Of course, both sides want to win it, but they will be desperate not to lose from here. United would escape the relegation zone if they can hold on for a point.
The game is finishing as it started, nervy. Bramall Lane has gone quiet as Everton begin to control the latter stages.
It's really risky from Foderingham! But he keeps his composure as he brings down the ball with his feet, yards from goal, and lobs it over the onrushing Beto.
Doucoure looks for Danjuma in the box but Ahmedhodzic crucially cuts it out.
Tarkowski blocks a close-range shot from McBurnie with his head. He needs to be seen to, but he is fine to play on. However, as United have a throw-in, Tarkowski must exit the pitch for 30 seconds before he can come back on, and Dyche is fuming.
There will be six minutes of added time at the end of the second half. There's plenty of time for a winner!
 Tarkowski is replaced by Godfrey for the final stages.
Everton are controlling possession again as we edge towards full-time. But every time United get near the ball, the crowd are urging them on. The game is on a knife edge.
United have a free-kick and Hamer delivers the ball from deep, but Pickford rises highest to claim it.
We're past the allocated additional time, and United have a corner right at the death!
AN UNBELIEVABLE DOUBLE-SAVE FROM PICKFORD! McBurnie heads from the corner and Pickford pushes his effort onto the bar. The ball falls back to McBurnie, who pokes towards goal, but Pickford is there to deny him again! What a finish to the game.
FULL-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 2-2 EVERTON
That was a brilliant game of football! Despite both of these teams starting the game without a point, there were moments of real quality - and sheer luck! Everton took the lead through Doucoure before United pulled a goal back thanks to a brilliant finish from Archer. The striker then rattled the woodwork before the ball unluckily ricocheted into the net off Pickford’s back. But Everton found an equaliser through Danjuma, who was sharp throughout the game but lacked composure in front of goal until that moment. Pickford then made a terrific double-save right at the death to stop McBurnie from snatching a winner. Both teams, especially Everton, will be satisfied with a point.
Both teams are off the mark now and can certainly take a lot of positives from today's game. There were bright league debuts for Archer and Beto who can make a big difference to their respective clubs this season. After the international break, Everton host Arsenal at Goodison Park where they have a fairly good record against the Gunners, while Sheffield United travel to north London to face Tottenham Hotspur.
Thanks for joining us, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Bournemouth and Chelsea at the Vitality Stadium!
After opening the season with a draw against Liverpool and a loss to West Ham, Chelsea's time under Mauricio Pochettino looked to be turning around as they beat Luton Town in the Premier League and scraped past AFC Wimbledon in the EFL Cup. However, they went into the international break on the back of a shock 1-0 defeat to Nottingham Forest. As for Bournemouth, they got their first win under Andoni Iraola in the EFL Cup when they knocked out Swansea City, but they're still waiting for their first league victory under him. They've drawn two and lost two, and were denied three points by a late Brentford equaliser last time out.
BOURNEMOUTH STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Neto; Max Aarons, Illia Zabarnyi, Lloyd Kelly, Milos Kerkez; Ryan Christie, Lewis Cook; Dango Ouattara, Philip Billing, Marcus Tavernier; Dominic Solanke.
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Ionut Radu, Adam Smith, Joe Rothwell, Antoine Semenyo, Marcos Senesi, Hamed Traore, David Brooks, Luis Sinisterra, Justin Kluivert.
CHELSEA STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Robert Sanchez; Malo Gusto, Axel Disasi, Thiago Silva, Levi Colwill; Conor Gallagher, Lesley Ugochukwu; Raheem Sterling, Enzo Fernandez, Mykhailo Mudryk; Nicolas Jackson.
CHELSEA SUBS: Ronnie Stutter, Alex Matos, Ben Chilwell, Deivid Washington, Cole Palmer, Ian Maatsen, Dorde Petrovic, Lucas Bergstrom, Alfie Gilchrist.
Iraola makes three changes to the side that started against Brentford two weeks ago. Ouattara returns from an ankle injury to start, with Kelly and Tavernier also coming in. Senesi, Semenyo and Kluivert all drop to the bench.
Pochettino makes just two changes from their defeat to Forest last time out, as Ugochukwu and Mudryk are both brought into the side. Chilwell starts on an inexperienced bench, while Moises Caicedo isn't in the squad after being away with Ecuador during the international break.
Bournemouth have only won more Premier League games against Leicester City and Everton (both five) than they have against Chelsea (four), though three of those four victories against the Blues have been at Stamford Bridge.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Christie gets the game underway for Bournemouth!
Gusto slips and loses the ball, but quickly recovers to win it back. He sends it forward for Sterling, who lays it off to Fernandez on the edge of the D, but his low shot is straight at Neto.
GOOD CHANCE! Mudryk's throughball to Jackson is cut out, but the forward steps in to win it back and pick out the Ukrainian again. He drives to the byline before pulling it back to Gallagher, but his first-time shot is blocked at the near post.
Solanke is surging forward on the counter and Sterling slides in to cynically bring him down. He picks up an early yellow card.
Kerkez finds some space down the right and he looks to squeeze a pass into Solanke, who is between two defenders. Disasi intercepts it, and there are half-hearted handball shouts from the crowd, but nothing's given.
It's better from Bournemouth here as Cook breezes past Gusto on the left and fizzes a low cross into the middle. Ouattara chooses to let it run and Disasi stops it from reaching Solanke.
Chelsea did the Premier League double over Bournemouth last season (2-0 at home, 3-1 away), having won just one of their previous five against the Cherries (D1 L3).
Gallagher cuts inside from the right before playing a lovely reverse pass through to Sterling in space. It looked like he was going to shoot, but he drags it along the edge of the six-yard box, and none of the Chelsea players get a touch.
OFF THE POST! Mudryk plays a one-two with Jackson on the left, before deciding against having a run and teeing up the forward for a shot. He takes it from the edge of the box and it bounces off the bottom of the near post, much to Neto's relief.
Chelsea are still dominating possession here, and Bournemouth just can't get close to them. They're trying to press high upfield, but it's not deterring Chelsea from their patient play.
Mudryk wins a corner, which he then takes short, playing a one-two with Ugochukwu before swinging in a cross. It takes a big deflection off Christie which has Neto scrambling, but it lands on the roof of the net.
GREAT SAVE! Bournemouth win a free-kick on the right which is taken quickly to Christie as he darts into the box. He fizzes it to the far post where Ouattara has a free run, but Sanchez gets down to smother his first-time shot.
Bournemouth are growing into the game now, and their pressure is starting to cause Chelsea some problems. Jackson drops deep to get on the ball, only to be dispossessed by Tavernier, who then wins another free-kick.
Sterling makes a brilliant run down the right, but can't pick out a team-mate with his cross. Chelsea keep it alive through Gusto though as he fires a cross at Jackson. His first touch is poor, but he still manages a volley on goal, which Kelly blocks.
Bournemouth work it quickly upfield after winning a free-kick on the edge of their own box, but their passing in the final third is letting them down. Tavernier tries to pick out Solanke, only to see it blocked by Silva.
Aarons loops a cross in from the right this time, and Billing stretches high to bring it down with a good first touch. Chelsea defenders quickly swarm around him though, and he loses it before he can have a shot.
Bournemouth switch it neatly from right to left as they try to open up some space in behind Chelsea. Kerkez fires a powerful cross at Christie from close range, and it bounces off him to Disasi, who gratefully hooks it clear.
Again, Bournemouth find space down the right, and Christie cuts inside before deciding to have a go himself. His low shot is drilled straight at Colwill though, and Solanke can't latch onto the loose ball.
Billing rolls awkwardly on his ankle as he tries to block Colwill's clearance and he stays down on the sideline in need of treatment. He's moving gingerly when he gets back to his feet, but he's going to carry on.
GOOD SAVE! It's more good work from Mudryk down the left as he flashes a cross between two Bournemouth players to pick out Gallagher. He gets it out of his feet before poking a shot on goal, but Neto reacts quickly to push it away.
Bournemouth sit back and allow Silva to carry the ball a long way upfield. When nobody closes him down, he decides to loop an early cross into the box, but it's too close to Neto.
Chelsea are back to keeping possession in their own half at the moment. They're trying to break up the rhythm that Bournemouth were building, and are patiently playing out from the back.
Chelsea win a free-kick on the halfway line and it's played short to Fernandez, who drives down the right before squaring it to Sterling. He skips past two before moving into the box, but Zabarnyi stops him in his tracks.
Mudryk's first touch is heavy and he takes out Aarons as he tries to keep it alive. He goes into the referee's book.
Chelsea win another free-kick in midfield, which Gusto takes quickly to Sterling. Kerkez sticks tight to him down the right though, and doesn't give him any space to pick out a cross.
The visitors are looking to finish this half on a high. They're keeping Bournemouth penned back deep in their own half as they try to find an opening, but there's no way through at the moment.
HALF-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 0-0 CHELSEA.
It's goalless at the break between Bournemouth and Chelsea. Both sides created some good chances in the first half, with Jackson striking the bottom of the post and Gallagher forcing a good reflex save out of Neto for the visitors. It took Bournemouth a while to grow into the game, but their best chance was actually the first one they created, with Ouattara seeing a shot smothered by Sanchez at the far post.
In some ways, it's the same old problem for Chelsea. They're playing well and getting into good positions, but they're just lacking that clinical edge in front of goal, which is something Pochettino will be asking them to improve on. Despite a slow start, Bournemouth have done well, and do look like they can cause Chelsea some problems when they do get forward.
Chelsea get us back under way for the second half!
It's Chelsea with all of the early possession in the second half, and Colwill sends it down the left for Fernandez to chase. He knocks it past Aarons, but can't get around the defender himself.
NO GOAL! Sterling steps up to take a free-kick right outside the box, and he curls it to the far top corner. It rattles the underside of the crossbar and bounces off the line and back out to Colwill. He slots in from close range, but the flag goes up to deny him a first Chelsea goal.
Bournemouth commit a lot of bodies forward in attack, which allows Chelsea to quickly counter. Colwill carries it to the edge of the box before squaring it to Jackson, but Billing sticks out a leg to stop it from reaching him.
Again, Chelsea surge forward on the break and Ugochukwu slides it through to Jackson on the left of the box. He loses his bearings for a moment and slices a shot well wide of the near post.
It's well worked in a tight spot by Bournemouth, and Kerkez does well to keep it in play as he pulls it back from the byline. He can't pick out a team-mate in the middle though.
WIDE! Chelsea are all over the place at the back as Bournemouth up the pressure, and Kerkez drills a dangerous low cross into the box. It misses Solanke, and Silva puts his foot through a clearance that hits Tavernier and rolls just wide of the post.
Gusto got in a tangle with Christie before that last Bournemouth chance, and he stayed down holding his calf as it played out. He now receives treatment, and he'll be able to carry on.
Chelsea are back to keeping possession as they patiently try to pass their way upfield. Bournemouth are sticking tight to them and making it difficult.
Kerkez has his arms around Sterling as he tries to stop him from spinning in behind. They go down in a tangle, and the left-back is booked for the challenge.
Both sides are making a change here, starting with Chelsea. Mudryk is taken off, with Palmer on for him.
And for Bournemouth, Ouattara makes way for Kluivert.
SAVE! Bournemouth can't clear their lines from a corner and it's slotted through to Jackson at the far post. He pokes it towards goal, and Neto fumbles to save, but reacts quickly to stop Gallagher from getting a tap-in.
Christie does brilliantly to spin away from trouble and, after getting his head up, threads it forward for Kluivert to chase. Sanchez was alert to the danger though, and rushes out of his box to hook it away.
Bournemouth have everybody sitting deep in and around their box as Chelsea push forward again. Gusto finds himself with space through the middle and tries his luck from a long way out, curling it high and wide of the top corner.
Bournemouth are starting to push forward with a bit more intent now and Kluivert is causing problems down the left. He's tripped by Gusto to win a free-kick, but nothing comes of it.
Kerkez, who is on a booking, also goes off for Senesi.
Bournemouth are making a double change. Tavernier is the first to go off, and Sinisterra is on in his place as he makes his debut for the Cherries.
Kluivert makes another darting run towards the box, and Disasi slides in and kicks his legs out from under him. He gets a yellow card, and Bournemouth have a free-kick in the D.
BLOCK! Billing had to wait a while to take the free-kick due to some pushing in the box. When he does strike it, he fizzes it low towards the far bottom corner, but a deflection off Gallagher takes it out for a corner.
GOOD SAVE! It looks too easy for Bournemouth as Billing squares a low cross in from the left, and Solanke's first touch knocks it past Gallagher, wrongfooting the midfielder. He takes on the shot, but Sanchez gets behind it.
Chelsea are making a double change now. Colwill is the first to go off, with Chilwell on for him.
Jackson is booked for dissent.
And Fernandez takes his time leaving the field as Maatsen comes on in his place.
CHANCE! Chilwell takes a corner which is blocked and deflects straight back to him. On the second try, he picks out Jackson in the middle, but he doesn't get enough on his header, and Neto shuffles across to save it.
GREAT SAVE! It's lovely play from Chelsea as they knock it upfield with a series of one-touch passes. Sterling pulls it back from the byline and Palmer instinctively sticks out a leg to meet it. Neto gets a strong right hand to it.
The game is wide open as both teams go for a late winner here. Billing bursts forward down the left this time and unselfishly lifts it into the middle. Solanke can only get a glancing touch off his head, and it sails wide.
The hosts' final change sees Brooks come on for Christie.
Into the first of eight added minutes here, and Chelsea are racing forward on the counter. It slows down when it gets to Sterling, and the visitors try to pass it into space, allowing Bournemouth to get back into their shape.
There's a nervy moment as it's passed back to Sanchez, and he holds onto it, trying to direct his team-mates to where he wants them. He sees Solanke's pressing run just in time to clear his lines.
Bournemouth are threatening to counter, and Chilwell clips Kluivert to stop that from happening. He picks up a late yellow card.
Chilwell takes a corner short to Sterling before getting it back and clipping it in from the byline. He's looking for Maatsen on the penalty spot, but it's just too high for the Dutchman.
FULL-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 0-0 CHELSEA.
It finishes goalless between Bournemouth and Chelsea. The Blues hit the woodwork twice, with Jackson striking the bottom of the post in the first half before Sterling struck the underside of the crossbar with a lovely free-kick just after the break. Colwill was alert to poke the rebound of that set-piece in from close range, but the offside flag denied him a first Chelsea goal. Neto and Sanchez were both called upon to make big saves in both halves, and neither team could find a way to break the deadlock.
Chelsea's stuttering start to the season continues as they stay in 14th, and next up for them is Aston Villa at home. As for Bournemouth, they move up to 15th as their wait for a first Premier League win under Iraola continues. They travel to Brighton and Hove Albion next weekend.
That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League fixture as Aston Villa host Crystal Palace at Villa Park.
Aston Villa have endured a mixed start to 2023-24, recording two wins and two losses prior to the international break. Unai Emery's team – who have been tipped to compete for European qualification again after reaching the Europa Conference League last season – were beaten 3-0 at Liverpool last time out, but they are a different proposition at Villa Park. They have won their last eight league matches on this ground in a run dating back to February, only conceding twice in those games.
Crystal Palace are one point clear of Villa, with a 3-2 victory over Wolves taking them to seven points from their first four matches of the Premier League season before the international break. Roy Hodgson's team have yet to lose on the road this term – they could go unbeaten through their first three away games of a league campaign for the first time since doing so as a second-tier side in 2003-04.
ASTON VILLA (4-2-3-1): Emiliano Martinez; Matty Cash, Ezri Konsa, Pau Torres, Lucas Digne; Douglas Luiz, Boubacar Kamara; Nicolo Zaniolo, Moussa Diaby, John McGinn; Ollie Watkins.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Robin Olsen, Filip Marschall, Youri Tielemans, Alex Moreno, Calum Chambers, Clement Lenglet, John Duran, Leon Bailey, Leander Dendoncker.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-3-3): Sam Johnstone; Joel Ward, Joachim Andersen, Chris Richards, Tyrick Mitchell; Eberechi Eze, Cheick Doucoure, Will Hughes; Jordan Ayew, Odsonne Edouard, Jeffrey Schlupp.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: Dean Henderson, Remi Matthews, Rob Holding, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Nathaniel Clyne, Malcolm Ebiowei, Naouirou Ahamada, Jairo Riedewald, Jesurun Rak-Sakyi.
Villa's line-up shows just one change from the team that was beaten at Anfield last time out, with Diego Carlos ruled out through injury. Galatasaray loanee Zaniolo comes in for his first start for the club, meaning Cash returns to right-back after playing a more advanced role against Liverpool.
Crystal Palace have confirmed Hodgson was taken unwell earlier today, so he is not present at Villa Park. Hodgson is in contact with Paddy McCarthy and Ray Lewington, who will take charge in the manager's absence – our best wishes are with him. Palace make two enforced changes with defender Marc Guehi and midfielder Jefferson Lerma out injured, bringing in Richards and Hughes.
Villa are looking to avoid losing successive Premier League games for just the third time since Emery took charge last year. Will they bounce back from their defeat to Liverpool? The teams are out, and we're about to find out!
Following a minute's silence to remember the victims of the recent earthquake in Morocco, we are under way at Villa Park. Eze with the first touch.
Palace look to attack down the right early on, but Digne shepherds the ball back to Martinez, who clears. Villa then win a free-kick on halfway.
Kamara fouls Hughes as Palace win a free-kick just inside Villa's half. The visitors – donning their white and sky blue change kit – are stoking the ball around nicely in the opening minutes.
Cash and Diaby are involved as Villa work possession from right to left and back again, but Palace are standing firm with 11 men behind the ball. Doucoure then makes a strong challenge to prevent Watkins from shooting from the edge of the area.
Palace have scored just five goals in 11 Premier League away games against Villa (0.45 per game), never netting more than once in a match on this ground in the competition. Only at Tottenham (0.36) do they have a lower away goals-per-game ratio against sides they've faced 10 or more times.
It's a nervous moment for Palace as Diaby latches onto a pass down the right before cutting back to Watkins, but the striker is crowded out and Cash is unable to divert the loose ball goalwards. Edouard then has space to break, but Villa recover to win possession back.
Kamara releases Diaby with a wonderful ball over the top, but Richards matches the former Bayer Leverkusen man for pace before sliding in to divert his cutback back to Johnstone.
Now Palace come forward as Eze twists away from Douglas Luiz, but the Brazilian sticks to his task to force the Palace playmaker back. If the visitors are to build on their promising start to the season here, Eze will surely have a big role to play.
England international Eze completed more dribbles (13) and created more chances from set plays (seven) than any other player in the Premier League across the season's first four matchdays. He will be Palace's dangerman again here.
Villa want a foul as Watkins goes down, but the referee waves play on. Luiz steps in to thwart a Palace break before getting the hosts moving forward again. Villa are the team looking to ask questions of their opponents here.
Cash scampers down the right before offloading to Luiz, who sees his cross blocked by Schlupp. Palace are proving a tough nut for Villa to crack here, sitting deep and looking to keep things tight.
Palace win possession and look to break through Eze, who is barged over by McGinn. He becomes the first player to see yellow in this game.
Eze also goes into the book for waving an imaginary card at the referee after being felled.
HUGE CHANCE! Villa should be 1-0 up as Watkins is played clean through on goal. He looks to bend his finish into the bottom-right corner, but Johnstone gets down to make a vital one-on-one save. Villa attack again, and Richards almost turns Cash's low cross into his own net, slicing behind for a corner.
Nothing comes of the Villa corner, but they keep the pressure on. Palace eventually scramble it clear before the referee stops the game for Ayew to receive treatment following a clash with McGinn.
Ayew is okay to continue after receiving treatment, as Palace get the game back under way through a drop-ball for Johnstone.
Zaniolo charges into the box before looking to cut back from the left, but Richards is there to make a strong block.
Cash turns inside before sending a tame shot straight at Johnstone, then the game is stopped again as Ayew drops back to the turf. The forward has tried to continue, but his game looks to be done.
Ayew is unable to shake off his injury and is replaced by Mateta. That switch could see Edouard move out to the right flank.
With a hat-trick against Plymouth Argyle in the EFL Cup and two assists from the bench against Wolves last time out, Mateta has been involved in as many goals in 109 minutes across his last two games in all competitions as he was in his previous 44 appearances for Crystal Palace. Can the substitute make an impact here?
Andersen prevents Watkins breaking in behind with a crucial defensive header. Eze then gets Palace moving and feeds Edouard, but the forward's cross is blocked before rebounding off him and behind for a Villa goal-kick.
Palace are growing into this game now. The ball is worked out to Eze on the left corner of the box, but his dangerous cross just drifts behind with no Eagles team-mate attacking it at the far post.
Luiz is hacked down by Doucoure, who is perhaps fortunate to avoid a booking. Digne lines up a deep free-kick from the left flank, but he sends an awful cross straight into the wall.
We're past the half-hour mark at Villa Park, and this game is very much in the balance. Watkins has missed the best chance of the match, but Palace are starting to look a little more dangerous on the break.
Villa work the ball out from the back nicely with Luiz and Torres involved. Palace recover possession and come forward again, but Eze overhits his pass towards Mateta.
GOOOOOOAAAAAAL! DIABY PUTS VILLA AHEAD! Torres' pass over the top of the Palace backline finds Diaby, who takes an outstanding first touch before slotting his finish into the bottom-right corner! But wait… there will be a VAR check here – Diaby may have been offside!
NO GOAL! Palace breathe a sigh of relief as the VAR review finds Diaby was fractionally ahead of Richards when the pass was played. That's such a shame for Villa, who see a fine opening goal chalked off. The score remains 0-0.
Close! Cash flashes a low cross into the six-yard box, but Watkins is on his heels and can't reach it as Palace escape. That disallowed goal appears to have sparked Villa into life!
TWO CHANCES FOR CASH! How are Villa not ahead? Cash miskicks when left unmarked 10 yards out, but Villa keep the pressure on through Digne. He whips a fine cross to the far post, where Cash is completely free but can only head over the crossbar!
Now Zaniolo gets to the byline before seeing his cutback cleared. The pressure is growing on that Palace backline.
A rare forward foray from Palace sees Edouard attempt to link up with Schlupp, but he completely miscues his backheeled pass and Villa recover possession.
Eze goes for goal from 20 yards out, but Konsa is there to deflect it wide for a Palace corner. Eze initially stays down, having been caught by a heavy challenge as he lined up the shot, but he's soon back to his feet and able to take the corner.
Eze's corner is cleared at the near post. The visitors have been under pressure and they need to make more of those situations.
Villa have lost just one of their 11 previous Premier League home games against Palace (W6 D4), going down 1-0 in December 2013.
We will have five minutes of additional time before the break. The earlier stoppage for Ayew's injury accounts for much of that.
Great defending from Richards! Watkins almost latches onto a pass into the box on the left side, but the defender gets across to make a vital interception.
Zaniolo goes into the book, having thrown the ball away to delay the restart after Palace were awarded a throw-in. The Italian thought the decision was going to go his way.
Digne plays a menacing cross into the area from the left, but nobody is there to attack it for Villa. They keep the attack alive, and Diaby sees a shot charged down on the edge of the area.
Villa are appealing for a penalty, claiming Diaby's shot hit Richards' outstretched arm inside the box. It did strike his hand, but he had his back to the ball. No penalty!
HALF-TIME: ASTON VILLA 0-0 CRYSTAL PALACE.
It's still goalless between Aston Villa and Crystal Palace as we reach the interval. The hosts have certainly shown more endeavour, and they thought they were ahead when Diaby raced through on goal to slot home, only to be denied by an offside call. Johnstone was called into action by Watkins earlier in the half, while Cash should have done better with a free header. Palace have shown next to nothing in attack – there is surely more to come from them.
Villa have managed seven shots to Palace's one, creating 0.78 expected goals in that opening 45 minutes. However, they have only hit the target once. Will they end up regretting their missed chances?
Villa get the second half under way, with no changes for either side. Will we get a winner?
Palace scored all three of their goals after the break when they beat Wolves last time out. Since Hodgson returned to the club in April, they have scored a higher proportion of their goals after half-time than any other Premier League team (74 per cent, 17/23, minimum five goals). The travelling fans will be hoping for more of the same here.
GOOOOOAAAAAAALLLL! EDOUARD PUTS PALACE 1-0 UP! The Eagles make a flying start to the second half! Mateta does brilliantly in the build-up, spinning Torres on halfway before charging down the right to find Edouard with a perfect pass into the centre. Martinez slips as he looks to come off his line, allowing the Palace striker to side-foot home!
Torres will be disappointed after being shrugged off the ball too easily, but what a piece of play from Mateta. He gets the assist following some fine work.
ALMOST 2-0! Edouard rides two challenges with a powerful run into the box, but Konsa and Torres just do enough to crowd him out as he looks to finish past Martinez. Villa need to wake up!
Villa look to respond, but Digne's cross from the left is easily claimed by Johnstone. What a start to the second half this has been for Palace, who offered very little in attack before the break.
Close again! Eze feeds Schlupp on the left, and his teasing low cross is just claimed by Martinez. Edouard and Mateta were both lurking in search of a tap-in.
Hughes goes into the book following a clumsy challenge on McGinn. The Palace midfielder is holding his knee, but he should be okay to continue.
Hughes clears a cross behind for a Villa corner, but Digne's poor delivery is headed away by Andersen. Villa come again on the opposite flank, and Mitchell concedes another corner.
Digne's second set-piece delivery is a better one, but goalscorer Edouard is back to clear ahead of Watkins. Emery has seen enough, with Villa's first changes imminent.
Zaniolo sees a cutback intercepted by Doucoure, and that will be his final action. Bailey replaces him on the Villa left.
Tielemans is also on, replacing Kamara in midfield.
Unlucky! Hughes does brilliantly to keep an overhit pass alive before stretching to cross. Mateta is waiting to prod it home, but Martinez dives on the ball.
WHAT A TACKLE! Villa look destined to draw level as Diaby offloads to Watkins, but Doucoure flies in with an exceptional challenge to stop him from pulling the trigger. Villa want a penalty, but there's no chance – Doucoure got the ball before colliding with team-mate Ward.
Doucoure was hurt by his collision with Ward. He leaves the field for treatment as Palace soldier on with 10 men.
Diaby's cross from the right is behind Watkins, who twists his body to send an acrobatic header towards the far post, but Johnstone is able to claim it with Bailey lurking. Palace are then returned to their full compliment as Doucoure comes back on.
Eze feeds Mitchell on the overlap, but the left-back's cross is cut out by Konsa. Hughes immediately wins the ball back as Palace keep the pressure on – the home fans are growing frustrated now.
Brave goalkeeping! Johnstone launches a long pass over the top, which Eze attempts to reach. He looks set to get there, but Martinez darts from his line to smother the loose ball – that was a vital intervention.
Tielemans shoots from the edge of the box, but a combination of Richards and Hughes blocks the effort at close quarters. Palace are defending resolutely as they look to hold onto their 1-0 lead.
This match is opening up as we approach the final 20 minutes. Villa are throwing men forward in search of a leveller, but Palace continue to threaten on the break.
GREAT CHANCE FOR 2-0! Mateta wins a corner on the right, which is lifted in by Eze. Andersen pulls away at the far post to nod it across goal, and Ward somehow sends a diving header comfortably wide from six yards out. That could have been the clincher!
Duran replaces McGinn in another attacking change for Villa.
Well held! Duran latches onto a knock-down on the edge of the box before volleying at goal, but his left-footed strike skips along the surface into the gloves of Johnstone.
Villa are starting to pen Palace back. Bailey sees a cross headed out by Andersen, before Digne just fails to keep Torres' lofted pass to the far post in play.
OFF THE POST! It's desperate stuff from Palace as Hughes throws himself in front of Bailey's shot. It rebounds to Watkins, who bends an effort towards the top-right corner. The ball bounces off the post before hitting Johnstone on the back of the head and dropping wide! How is it still 1-0?!
Johnstone has stayed down in the goalmouth, holding his calf. He looks to be in some discomfort and former Manchester United goalkeeper Henderson is warming up on the touchline.
Johnstone is back up and will continue, for now. Henderson retakes his place on the bench as Palace prepare to defend this corner from the Villa right.
Palace clear their lines and break through Eze, but he overruns it on the left flank as Villa win a throw-in.
Good save! Schlupp scoops a pass over the top for Eze, who looks to lift the ball beyond Martinez. The Villa goalkeeper reacts well, however, springing up to tip away before claiming it at the second attempt.
Palace are starting to look menacing on the break again now. Eze goes for goal from 25 yards out, but Martinez gets down well to hold it.
We're into the final five minutes of the 90, though there will be plenty of stoppage time after Johnstone went down injured a few minutes ago. Can Villa salvage a result?
Cash goes into the book for a kick on Edouard. Palace can eat up a few valuable seconds with a free-kick inside Villa's half.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM DURAN! VILLA ARE LEVEL! Digne lifts his head up before floating a cross onto Duran's chest, just inside the penalty area. The substitute takes it down before swivelling and firing a left-footed volley into the top-left corner! Villa have their equaliser, and what a strike it was!
Digne gets the assist, but Duran deserves all the credit for that wonderful finish. The home fans are in fine voice now with Villa chasing a winner!
Ahamada replaces Edouard for Palace. They might be content to escape Villa Park with a draw now.
Duran tries to reach a long ball into the box but catches Richards on the top of the head with his studs. That was brave defending from Richards, who really threw himself into that battle.
We will have at least NINE additional minutes here! Richards is back up and okay to continue for Palace, who restart the game with a free-kick in their own box.
Diaby darts to the byline before cutting the ball back, but Andersen is there to clear. Palace are being pushed back now – Villa are the team in the ascendency.
PENALTY TO VILLA! Tielemans slides a lovely ball in behind for Watkins, who is bearing down on goal when he is brought down by Richards. The referee points to the spot, but there will be a VAR check here – Richards might have got a touch on the ball before colliding with Watkins.
Darren England has been sent to the pitchside monitor to review the decision! This could be bad news for Villa...
THE PENALTY STANDS! Wow – late drama at Villa Park! Richards appeared to get a touch on the ball with his sliding challenge, but after a long review at the pitchside monitor, Darren England sticks with his original decision!
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLL! DOUGLAS LUIZ SURELY WINS IT FOR VILLA! The Brazilian stutters in his run-up before sending Johnstone the wrong way, caressing the kick into the bottom-left corner. Villa have snatched victory from the jaws of defeat. 2-1!
Ward is booked for dissent following Villa's goal.
Now it's Palace desperately looking to carve out one last chance! They will feel hard done by following the award of that penalty. There should still be plenty more stoppage time to play!
Rak-Sakyi replaces Doucoure as Palace try to respond.
Villa also make a change, with Dendoncker on for Watkins as they bid to hold on.
GOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAL! BAILEY KILLS OFF THE CONTEST! Villa wrap up the points following a devastating counter-attack, with Diaby reaching the byline before cutting back from the left for Bailey to steer in the third! What a remarkable finish we've had here at Villa Park! 3-1 to Emery's side!
Diaby gets the assist following some outstanding work, breaking down the left before putting it on a plate for opposite winger Bailey!
We're into the 104th minute and still playing here. Villa Park is absolutely bouncing following that late double salvo from the hosts, who are about to leapfrog Palace in the Premier League table.
Bailey is shown a yellow card for wasting time towards the end of this clash.
Duran joins Bailey in the referee's book soon after, seemingly for a needless tactical foul stopping proceedings. That should be that at Villa Park, though.
FULL-TIME: ASTON VILLA 3-1 CRYSTAL PALACE.
And breathe! It's full-time at Villa Park, and Aston Villa take the spoils after scoring three late goals to break Crystal Palace's hearts in a 3-1 triumph. The Eagles went ahead through Edouard's finish on the break, and they still led with just three minutes of the 90 remaining. However, Villa substitute Duran levelled with a ferocious volley before the award of a contentious penalty allowed Luiz to put Villa ahead deep into stoppage time. With Palace chasing the game, Bailey turned in Diaby's cross to add a late third for the hosts. What a win for Emery's men!
Palace will be absolutely gutted by the nature of that defeat. They drop to eighth with seven points from five matches, with Villa jumping to seventh with nine points. The Eagles are next in action against Fulham next Saturday, while Villa can turn their attentions to the Europa Conference League, with Legia Warszawa their opponents as they begin their group-stage campaign on Thursday.
We hope you've enjoyed our coverage of a remarkable fixture from the Premier League. It's goodbye from us, and we'll catch you next time!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Everton and Arsenal at Goodison Park.
The Toffees have just one point to their name after four Premier League games, with a 2-2 draw at Sheffield United last time out their only positive result amid a torrid start. Everton sit in the relegation zone of the embryonic Premier League table after the international break, with Sean Dyche desperately searching for improvements.
Arsenal may have needed the international break to calm down from their last-gasp 3-1 win over Manchester United in their previous league outing. Declan Rice and Gabriel Jesus struck late in a controversial, VAR-filled encounter at Emirates Stadium, to record the Gunners’ third win in four top-flight games this term. The only blemish on their record came in a 2-2 home draw with Fulham.
EVERTON (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Ashley Young, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Braithwaite, Vitalii Mykolenko; Dwight McNeil, Idrissa Gueye, Amadou Onana, Arnaut Danjuma; Abdoulaye Doucoure; Beto.
SUBSTITUTES: Joao Virginia, Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Ben Godfrey, Youssef Chermiti, James Garner, Lewis Dobbin, Tyler Onyango.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Fabio Vieira; Bukayo Saka, Eddie Nketiah, Gabriel Martinelli.
SUBSTITUTES: Aaron Ramsdale, Gabriel Jesus, Emile Smith Rowe, Jakub Kiwior, Takehiro Tomiyasu, Leandro Trossard, Jorginho, Reiss Nelson, Kai Havertz.
Dyche makes only two alterations to his starting line-up that managed a point at Sheffield United last time out. Garner and Patterson drop to the bench, with McNeil and Mykolenko preferred for Everton. The introduction of the Ukraine full-back will likely see Young switch sides and start at right-back. Beto, signed from Udinese, makes his home debut for the Toffees, too.
Mikel Arteta opts for just two changes from his last starting XI, although one of them will catch the headlines for the Gunners. Usual first-choice goalkeeper Ramsdale drops to the bench for Raya to make his Arsenal debut, while Vieira comes in for Havertz, who is also named among the substitutes. Nketiah gets the nod to lead the line, despite Jesus returning to fitness and scoring late on in his last game.
Both of Everton's Premier League home games this season have been 1-0 defeats. Only three times in their league history have they lost each of their first three at Goodison Park (1958-59, 2005-06 and 2008-09), while among those only in 2005-06 did they fail to score a single goal. Can Dyche’s side improve? We’re about to find out as kick-off is almost upon us...
Referee Simon Hooper gets this game under way! Nketiah with the first touch.
Everton don't manage to get a foot on the ball for the opening minute as Arsenal probe through midfield. However, Young steps in to intervene inside his own area before the Gunners assume control once more.
An early corner comes on the right-hand side for the visitors as Saka crosses towards the near post, where Tarkowski rises highest to head clear and out for a throw-in.
A deft touch from Nketiah almost releases Odegaard but Pickford races off his line to smash a clearance long up the pitch. If the first five minutes are anything to go by, it could be a long game for the hosts.
Martinelli takes up an unusually deep and central position before failing to find Zinchenko with a simple pass, offering Everton their first real spell of possession. The Toffees show little interest in getting forward, though, as their defenders see most of the ball.
Saka looks to sneak in behind onto an Odegaard throughball but Branthwaite is alert and turns behind for a corner. The Arsenal and England winger whips it towards the far post, where Everton eventually deflect it behind for another set-piece.
OVER! Arsenal work a short-corner routine out to Zinchenko, who finds Vieira in space inside the Everton area. The Gunners playmaker aims to curl a right-footed effort towards goal but gets it all wrong and slices well over the target.
Arsenal have scored more goals from corners than any other Premier League side since the start of last season (15). However, their three set-piece chances have underwhelmed thus far.
Branthwaite sells Pickford short with a poor pass back to the Everton goalkeeper, who is caught late by Nketiah after clearing down the left-hand side. The Arsenal striker escapes without punishment, as do the Toffees despite their centre-back's lapse in concentration.
Branthwaite's long diagonal pass is easily dealt with by Zinchenko before Mykolenko covers well at the other end to deal with the onrushing Saka. This game is yet to truly settle as both sides are sizing one another up.
Saka makes a mockery of Mykolenko before Odegaard is crowded out by a sea of blue Everton shirts. A lunge by Doucoure on Rice offers Arsenal a free-kick in the middle of the pitch, although Nketiah is caught needlessly offside soon after.
White hangs a delicate right-wing cross towards the back post but Vieira miscues a volley and ends up clearing for Everton, who are pinned back inside their own third and struggling to find a way out.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLL! 1-0 ARSENAL! The Gunners deal an early blow to silence Goodison Park. Nketiah touches back for Vieira, who plays a killer throughball for the run of Martinelli down the left-hand side. The Brazil winger makes it into the area before curling a pinpoint right-footed finish into the bottom-right corner. However, the VAR is going to take a look at this one…
NO GOAL! The score remains 0-0. Martinelli's expert finish is ruled out after a VAR review. Nketiah had strayed offside in the initial build-up phase after Gabriel's clearance, proving the latter pass from Vieira to Martinelli as redundant. The first play of the ball appeared to come off Beto, but the VAR and the on-pitch officials have made their minds up!
There's still some confusion on the Arsenal bench surrounding their disallowed goal. Gabriel's pass forward to Nketiah appeared to come off Beto, although the Gunners striker was adjudged to be offside. Mykolenko also seemed to be playing Nketiah onside, but regardless, Everton remain level!
Martinelli, who has just had a goal ruled out, is forced off with injury as Trossard comes on to take his place.
Goodison Park is still subdued as tensions continue to heighten on Merseyside. Dyche's hosts are yet to lay a glove on Arsenal, who have just seen a Rice shot blocked in front of goal by Branthwaite.
Tarkowski is put under needless pressure by Pickford, forcing the centre-back to hook a clearance high into the stands. Murmurs are ongoing on the touchline as Arsenal are still unconvinced by Martinelli's disallowed goal, which by all accounts looked perfectly legitimate to stand.
Beto has the chance to drive at Saliba in an isolated situation but the France centre-back is far too quick and ushers the ball out for a goal-kick. The frustration for Everton continues.
Since the start of last season, Arsenal have kept more away clean sheets than any other side in the Premier League (11). They've also won a joint league-high 13 games on the road, while only Manchester City (17) have conceded fewer goals than the Gunners (18, excluding promoted sides).
Doucoure charges into the Arsenal area and throws himself on the floor under the challenge of Saliba. Referee Hooper shakes his head and shows no interest in awarding a penalty.
SAVE! Everton are growing in confidence in the last few minutes as the Toffees break through the middle. Gueye attempts a low effort from outside the area but Raya gets down well to make a comfortable first save on his Arsenal debut.
Odegaard hovers over a right-wing free-kick before clipping towards the near post. Mykolenko does his defensive duties to head clear as Rice lurks behind him.
Zinchenko and Nketiah are on different wavelengths as the Ukraine captain threads an aimless pass straight to the onrushing Pickford. This has been a first half devoid of good chances thus far.
Vieira stays down after a stray left arm from Beto. Referee Hooper comes over and has a quiet word with the pair before play resumes with a Gunners free-kick.
Mykolenko lunges into Saka with a late tackle but referee Hooper waves play on before deciding to stop the game. It won't be an Arsenal free-kick, though, as Everton restart with a drop-ball inside their own half.
Everton have won four of their last five home league games against Arsenal (D1), including each of the last three in a row after a 1-0 win in this fixture last season. They last won four consecutively against the Gunners between March 1910 and March 1913. The Toffees are yet to get going here, however.
Arteta's side are slowly falling into the trap of awakening the moody Goodison Park crowd. Rice needlessly fells Gueye and the hosts will launch a free-kick long.
Young hoists a long pass into the area but the Arsenal defence stand firm to head clear. However, Everton are soon back on the attack before McNeil sees a hopeful long-range effort cannon into Zinchenko and away from danger.
CHANCE! Odegaard and White exchange a deft one-two to the right of Everton's area before the Arsenal full-back smashes a left-footed attempt straight into the hands of Pickford.
Dyche's side have their backs against the wall as Arsenal manoeuvre possession and look for a gap in the opposition's defence. A wayward Zinchenko pass offers Everton some respite, though.
Zinchenko disguises a clipped over-the-top pass and finds Vieira, whose attempt to pull back towards the edge of the area is thwarted by Gueye. Half-time is approaching at Goodison Park.
Vieira ghosts in behind the Toffees defence but White's long pass doesn't have the required quality to pick out the Portuguese playmaker. There will be four minutes of additional time to end this half.
BLOCK! Gueye wanders down the left flank before crossing towards McNeil, whose left-footed half-volley is blocked with a last-ditch stop by Saliba. The Everton crowd appeal for handball, but referee Hooper is not interested.
Young hacks through the back of Trossard, perhaps taking a bit of the ball with a sliding tackle. Referee Hooper deems the challenge worthy of the first yellow card, though.
Saliba goes down holding his face near the halfway line after a duel with Beto. The France centre-back is suggesting he's been caught by an elbow, although Hooper – who was perfectly positioned – demands the Arsenal defender gets back to his feet.
HALF-TIME: EVERTON 0-0 ARSENAL
A largely uneventful first half comes to an end as Everton and Arsenal are goalless at the break in their Goodison Park clash. The Gunners may feel hard done by to not be leading after Martinelli – who was later forced off with an injury – had a 19th-minute goal ruled out by the VAR. The video officials deemed Nketiah to have strayed offside in the build-up to the winger's finish, despite Gabriel's first pass appearing to come off Beto.
The messages from both sets of managers may be entirely different at the interval. Arteta will fancy Arsenal's chances if his side can move the ball with more purpose in their attempts to break their recent Goodison Park curse. Dyche, seemingly content to pack his backline and sit deep, may want to offer the Everton home supporters some more excitement after an uninspiring first-half performance.
Referee Hooper gets the second half under way as Everton take the kick-off!
Only Manchester City (56) and Tottenham (54) have scored more goals in the second half of Premier League games since the start of last season than Arsenal (52). Meanwhile, Everton have only won one of their last eight top-flight games in which they've been level at half-time (D3 L4), beating Bournemouth 1-0 at Goodison Park on the final day of last season to clinch safety.
SAVE! Arsenal come flying out the blocks in the second half as Saka sees a low cross turned away at the near post. Rice then slips through for Odegaard, whose powerful left-footed strike is parried away by a strong two-handed Pickford stop.
Gabriel is shown Arsenal’s first yellow card of the game for blocking Beto after the Everton striker knocked the ball past him.
Young's free-kick delivery is poor and Everton's tall defenders have little chance to attack it. Onana is penalised soon after for a needless pull on White inside the Gunners area.
Zinchenko takes aim from range but Tarkowski stands strong to block the left-footed effort. A brief VAR check goes on in the background for handball, but it's decided that the centre-back stopped the chance fairly with his body.
It's all one-way traffic as Arsenal push Everton back into their own area. Zinchenko and Trossard both attempt crosses but have little success against the wall of blue shirts.
CLOSE! Saka whips a pinpoint left-footed delivery towards the back post, where Trossard redirects a header back across goal. Nketiah is there and ready for a tap-in but Tarkowski and Young just about manage to clear the danger in front of Pickford's goal.
Zinchenko clips another superb pass in behind the Everton defence before the hosts scramble to deal with Trossard's low cross. A belated offside flag renders the chance irrelevant, however.
Jesus has scored eight goals in just nine Premier League appearances against Everton, more than he has against any other opponent. Indeed, the Brazilian averages a goal every 71 minutes against Everton (eight goals in 568 minutes), the best rate of any player to play 500+ minutes against the Toffees. Surely Arteta will introduce the striker soon?
Chance! Odeegard releases Nketiah through the middle of the pitch but the Arsenal striker takes an extra touch, which allows Tarkowski to recover and block behind for a corner.
Saka's first corner is cleared as far as Zinchenko, whose tame long-range effort is deflected behind once again. The Arsenal winger goes short with another set-piece before Zinchenko has another strike blocked behind for a corner.
Tarkowski's block from Zinchenko's previous shot is briefly checked for handball by the VAR before no further action is taken. Vieira will take the next corner...
Is anyone else allowed to shoot? Another Arsenal corner goes short before Zinchenko sees yet another shot dealt with by the Everton defence. Pickford eventually claims the loose ball, offering the Toffees a breather for the time being.
Arsenal have won 100 of their 204 meetings with Everton in English league football (D43 L61), the most any team has ever beaten another. The Gunners will need to up the tempo in the final 30 minutes to better that record here, though.
Vieira clumsily hauls Gueye to the floor from behind and Everton will have another chance to cross from a deep free-kick. Dyche appears to be readying Calvert-Lewin on the touchline, too.
Young takes an age over the deep free-kick before clipping towards the back post, where Tarkowski has no chance of beating Saliba and Gabriel in the air. The Brazilian centre-back stays down after the aerial duel, much to the annoyance of the Goodison Park faithful.
Arteta makes his first change as the underwhelming Nketiah makes way for Jesus.
Dyche also alters his frontline as Beto's home debut comes to an end for Calvert-Lewin to be introduced.
Only against Brentford in February earlier this year (five) has Zinchenko had more shots in a Premier League game than today against Everton (four), while all four have been from outside the penalty area, his most in a single game in the competition. The left-back will keep trying his luck, too.
A fortunate bounce allows Saka in behind Mykolenko, who recovers to concede another corner on the right-hand side. The England international takes the set-piece short to Odegaard, whose hanging cross gets cleared by Calvert-Lewin.
GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLLL! 1-0 ARSENAL! Back-to-back corners eventually pay dividends for the Gunners. Another short set-piece routine sees Odegaard slide to the right of the area for Saka, who pulls back a pass towards Trossard. The Belgium international guides a first-time left-footed effort past Pickford with the help of the left post. A delightful opening goal for the visitors sends the away supporters into bedlam at Goodison Park.
Saka managed to find a bit of space inside the area after Odegaard's delicate pass before cutting back to Trossard, who finished in emphatic style.
Arsenal have now had a substitute score in each of their last three league games for the first time since December 2021.
A searching long clearance from Pickford seeks out Mykolenko, who wins a left-wing corner after a block by Saliba. Everton will have another chance here.
Raya claims Everton's set-piece delivery with consummate ease before the game is briefly paused as Odegaard goes down holding his face. Play restarts at the Arsenal goalkeeper's feet.
WIDE! Odegaard offloads for White down the right flank before the Arsenal full-back hoists an inviting cross towards the far post. Vieira attempts a first-time left-footed volley that is always going wide as Pickford goes untroubled.
Both of Trossard's Premier League goals for Arsenal have been as a substitute, as many such goals as he scored for Brighton and Hove Albion in the competition. The Belgian has the Gunners on the way to victory in the final 15 minutes here.
Gabriel picks out the run of Jesus in behind the Everton defence but Mykolenko recovers excellently to dispossess the Arsenal striker. Down the other end, Gueye wildly slices a terrible right-footed strike well wide of Raya's goal.
SAVE! A defensive mix-up for Everton allows Trossard to play it through for Odegaard. The Arsenal captain has just Pickford to beat but his right-footed strike is parried away by the England goalkeeper. Vieira's follow-up effort is subsequently deflected behind for a corner, which comes to nothing.
Goodison Park rises as one in a chorus of jeers after Vieira is felled near the left-hand touchline. It looks like Arteta is going to introduce both Tomiyasu and Havertz from the bench.
Zinchenko, who has peppered Everton's goal without reward, is removed for the more defensive option of Tomiyasu at left-back.
As part of Arsenal's double change, Havertz comes on for the impressive Vieira.
Dyche also takes the chance to change things up. Garner is on for Doucoure.
It will be 4-4-2 for the remainder of this game from Everton. With respective numbers nine and 10 on their backs, Calvert-Lewin and Danjuma will be tasked with breaching Arsenal's resolute defence.
Tomiyasu is adjudged to have got too tight to Garner and Everton win a free-kick just inside their own half. Pickford will launch this one high into the Merseyside sky.
Pickford's long free-kick causes a bit of carnage inside the Arsenal box before Trossard is the unlikely defender to hook a clearance down the pitch. The Toffees are running out of time.
Trossard and Havertz combine down the left flank but the Germany international's dinked cross misses his team-mates inside the Everton area. Pickford races to get the ball for a goal-kick, as the Toffees are entering last-chance saloon territory.
Jesus appears to kick out at Tarkowski off the ball. Referee Hooper awards an Everton free-kick, but strangely does not punish the Arsenal striker further.
Dyche rolls the dice for a final time. Patterson replaces Young at right-back.
Chermiti also gets thrown into the mix as McNeil makes way.
Pickford drives another long free-kick into the Arsenal area but Tarkowski is penalised for an aerial challenge on Raya, who dropped the ball in rather unconvincing fashion.
Close! Patterson drives infield and picks out Calvert-Lewin, who pokes a poor attempt towards the far corner. Raya watches it out for a goal-kick as the fourth official indicates there will be just four minutes of additional time. Dyche and Goodison Park are rightly infuriated.
A moment of hesitation from Gabriel almost allows Chermiti to profit but the Brazil centre-back just about manages to recover in the nick of time. Arsenal can ill-afford a lapse in concentration at this late stage.
Jesus goes down holding his head after an aerial tangle with Patterson and Tarkowski. The Goodison Park faithful, as has been the case for most of the game, are up on their feet and sounding their disapproval for referee Hooper, who awards an Arsenal free-kick in the left-hand corner.
Jesus wins a last-minute corner off Tarkowski on the right-hand side, and that will surely be that for Arsenal. Arteta will finally have a victory over his former employers as a manager.
FULL-TIME: EVERTON 0-1 ARSENAL
Arsenal end a three-game losing streak at Goodison Park in the Premier League as they eventually get the better of Everton with a 1-0 win. Martinelli saw a goal ruled out after a contentious VAR review in the first half, before limping off with injury prior to the break. It was the Brazilian's replacement Trossard who proved the hero, crashing in a 69th-minute winner to grab the Gunners' fourth win in five league games to start their campaign.
These are the sort of games Arsenal failed to win amid last season's title pursuit, which ultimately unfurled as a rampant Manchester City retained their crown. The Gunners have passed this test to move up to fourth in the table, just two points behind Pep Guardiola's league leaders before European football commences in midweek. Everton, by contrast, remain without a top-flight win this season and must bounce back at Brentford next Saturday.
As Goodison Park empties with frustrated Everton supporters streaming out, the travelling Arsenal faithful serenade their battling heroes. That is all from this live coverage of a hard-fought Premier League clash. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Fulham and Luton Town at Craven Cottage.
Fulham have collected four points from their opening four games in the Premier League and are still searching for their first home win of the new campaign. Marco Silva’s men opened the season with an away win over Everton but were thrashed by Brentford and Manchester City either side of a draw with Arsenal. Despite the poor run of results, the Cottagers will have been boosted by the news of midfielders Joao Palhinha & Harrison Reed signing new contracts. The hosts are also unbeaten in their last five games versus Luton (winning three and drawing two), triumphing in both of their home matches in that run (3-2 in October 2019, 7-0 in May 2022).
Luton have had a tough start to life in the Premier League and are one of two teams yet to register a point. The Hatters began their campaign with two away fixtures because of developments to Kenilworth Road, with Rob Edwards' side losing by three goals to Brighton and Hove Albion and Chelsea. They then welcomed West Ham before the international break, looking to make an impression in front of their home fans, but lost 2-1. Jarrod Bowen and Kurt Zouma put the visitors in a commanding position, with Mads Andersen scoring a consolation in stoppage time. Luton will want to avoid making unwanted history today, as they have only lost their first four fixtures on two occasions (1927-28 and 2002-03, both in the third tier).
FULHAM (4-3-3): Bernd Leno; Kenny Tete, Issa Diop, Tim Ream, Timothy Castagne; Andreas Pereira, Joao Palhinha, Harrison Reed; Harry Wilson, Raul Jimenez, Willian.
FULHAM SUBS: Marek Rodak, Calvin Bassey, Tom Cairney, Fode Ballo-Toure, Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Rodrigo Muniz, Alex Iwobi, Carlos Vinicius, Tyrese Francois.
LUTON TOWN (5-3-2): Thomas Kaminski; Issa Kabore, Reece Burke, Mads Andersen, Tom Lockyer, Amari'i Bell; Tahith Chong, Marvelous Nakamba, Albert Sambi Lokonga; Jacob Brown, Carlton Morris.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: Tim Krul, Chiedozie Ogbene, Luke Berry, Cauley Woodrow, Elijah Adebayo, Teden Mengi, Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu, Ryan Giles, Alfie Doughty.
Fulham make three changes to the side that were thumped by Manchester City in their previous outing. Palhina was absent from the last squad after his transfer deadline day move collapsed, but he is back and starts ahead of Cairney in the midfield. New signing Castagne replaces Antonee Robinson at left-back, with Willian also making an appearance on the wing. Decordova-Reed drops to the bench.
As for Luton, manager Rob Edwards makes four alterations to the team that was beaten by West Ham before the international break. Kabore replaces Doughty on the right side of the defence, with captain Lockyer coming into the middle. Bell retains his place but moves over to the left, meaning that Giles misses out. Arsenal loanee Lokonga makes his debut and is preferred ahead of Barkley in the midfield, with the final switch coming in the attack. Brown takes Adebayo’s place next to Morris.
Fulham have only won two of their last eight Premier League home games (drawing two and losing four), and haven’t kept a clean sheet in any of those matches, shipping 16 goals (two per game). They lost this season’s home opener 0-3 to Brentford; only in 1951-52 and 2020-21 (first three) have the Cottagers ever lost their first two home matches in a top-flight season, going on to be relegated in both such campaigns.
Luton get this Premier League clash under way. Chong with the first kick.
Luton have shown that they want to launch the ball up the pitch in the first couple of minutes. Morris tries to bring it down under pressure from Ream, but the ball escapes his control.
Kabore fouls Willian on the left and gives away a free-kick in a crossing position. Burke clears it away and Chong has the ability to break away, but he does not have any support around him as he moves into Fulham's box. He drives a shot towards the bottom corner, with Leno making a simple save.
Wilson has possession just inside Fulham's half and chips a pass over the top of Luton's defence to Castagne, who wins a corner. The hosts play it short, but it goes wrong after a heavy touch from Reed. Goal-kick to Luton.
Kaminski runs off his line and tries to clear the ball away, but his attempt is poor and it goes straight to Pereira. The midfielder looks to get it under control and get a shot away. However, Lockyer puts him under pressure and deals with it well.
Tete is marked by two Luton players next to the byline and pokes it to Jimenez just inside the box. The striker then flashes a cross into the heart of the area, but nobody is there to receive it.
Willian has space on the left flank and considers a cross before laying a pass back to Palhinha. He shapes to shoot on the edge of the box, but Nakamba is aware of the danger and rushes to him to block his effort.
Luton are doing their best to stop Willian moving into space on the left flank. He is put under pressure by two players every time that he receives possession, forcing him to play a pass back rather than drive into the box.
Diop slides a pass down the right flank to Tete, who delivers a curling cross into the box from a deep position. Jimenez gets under it and tries to head the ball back across the box, but Luton clear it away.
Luton have struggled to make an impact in the attacking third this game. Kabore moves into Fulham's half after dribbling past Jimenez. However, Palhinha gets across and pokes the ball away.
Tete is being given a lot of space on the right flank and receives possession again after a switch from Ream. His cross is touched into the path of Jimenez by Willian, but his overhead kick is cleared away.
OVER! Tete has Fulham's best chance of the game. Pereira's curling cross has pace on it, allowing Tete to escape Nakamba and flick a header towards the goal. However, he gets too much on it, with the ball going just over the bar.
Fulham win a free-kick in a shooting position after Lokonga makes a late tackle on Wilson. The Wales international and Pereira are over it, with the latter directing his effort straight at Kaminski.
Brown has a chance to break into Fulham's half after escaping a couple of tackles. He pulls his leg back and is about to slide a throughball into the path of Morris, but Palhinha gets back to make an impressive tackle.
This is the first top-flight meeting between Fulham and Luton since the 1959-60 campaign. The Cottagers won 4-2 at home in September, while the Hatters won 4-1 at Kenilworth Road in January that season.
WIDE! What a chance for Luton. Kabore holds onto the ball before spreading a pass out to Kabore on the right. The right-back finds Morris with a cross, who receives the ball again after making the most of a poor clearance from Diop. He has space inside the box but shoots wide.
POST! Another chance for Luton. Kabore sends another inviting cross into the box from the right. Brown is free in the middle and has the entire goal to aim at from close range, but he crashes the post.
Chong is shown the first yellow card of the game for simulation.
Fulham have shown that they can be exposed defensively. Luton have been put under pressure for the majority of the game but should have scored from one of their two clear opportunities.
Luton look to break away from a Fulham free-kick. Chong collects possession on the left before moving inside and playing a pass to Morris. He then attempts to switch the play over to the right, but Willian gets back to make the interception.
Kabore has been causing a lot of issues down the right side of the pitch. This time he wrestles with Castagne and wins possession before a free-kick is given.
Fulham are showing signs of frustration and are going more direct with their passes. Palhinha's direct attempt goes straight to Kaminski. Luton think they have it back, but a free-kick is given to the hosts after Bell blocks Wilson's path.
Wilson's second free-kick of the game curls just wide of the target.
Kaminski takes his time with the following goal-kick and is shown a yellow card.
Palhinha fouls Lokonga just inside Luton's half. The away crowd then make a loud cheer, suggesting that they have not been rewarded many free-kicks in this fixture.
Castagne is the first Fulham player to go into the book after crashing into Kabore on the right. His shoulder collides with the right-back, who is still down.
Kabore is back to his feet after being given medial treatment. He wants to be allowed back onto the pitch straight away for the free-kick, but the referee disagrees. Reed then heads it away on the edge of the box.
Pereira's dangerous free-kick from the right is flicked across the box by Castagne. Ream runs over to the right to keep the attack alive before being tackled.
Diop is now in the book after a foul on Brown.
Lokonga's free-kick goes over everyone before being recovered by a Fulham player. Morris goes down after colliding with Reed inside the box. He wants a penalty but nothing is given.
There will be two minutes of additional time.
HALF-TIME: FULHAM 0-0 LUTON TOWN
Fulham dominated possession in the first half, but it was Luton who went the closest to scoring before the break. The visitors had two clear opportunities inside two minutes, with Morris and Brown failing to test Leno. Kabore was the architect of both after supplying dangerous crosses from the right. Morris got onto the end of the first cross, with the ball returning to him after a poor clearance from Diop. He had space inside the box but blasted his low effort wide. Brown then went close to netting on his first start, but his header crashed against the post. The hosts found it difficult to break into Luton's box. Tete headed just over, with Wilson failing to score from two free-kicks.
Fulham completed 392 passes before the break but didn't create many scoring opportunities. Luton have defended their box well and have not let Wilson, Willian or Pereira have any time in possession. Tete has been their best player. He has been able to deliver a couple of quality crosses into the box, but they have not been converted. As for the visitors, they have shown that they can defend and attack in the Premier League after a couple of tough away trips. They have counted with quality after being put under pressure but must show a clinical edge if they want to score.
Fulham get the ball rolling again. They will be hoping that they will be able to create more chances to score after dominating possession before the break. No changes for either side.
Ream has possession just inside Fulham's half and looks to curl a pass down the left channel to Pereira. However, he puts too much on it and the ball rolls out for a goal-kick.
Willian hits the floor after Kaboré steps on him. There was a moment of concern for the winger, who gets back on his feet soon after.
SAVE! Luton should have the lead. Brown has the ball inside Fulham's box and flashes a cross into a dangerous position. Bell makes a darting run into space and directs a shot towards the goal, but it goes straight at Leno.
Jimenez has failed to make an impact on the game so far. He remains without a goal in the Premier League since the start of last season, attempting 27 shots in 19 appearances without scoring in this time. His expected goals total of 3.0 is the highest of any player without a goal in the division since the beginning of 2022-23.
OVER! Pereira's corner from the left is punched away by Kaminski. Castagne recovers the ball and sends an inviting cross onto the head of Palhinha, but his looping attempt goes just over.
Jimenez is tripped by Lockyer on the edge of the box and wants a free-kick, but the referee allows the game to continue with Fulham in possession. Willian has it on the left and looks to beat Burke, but the defender makes the tackle.
Diop sends a smart pass inside to Willian, who turns on the ball before sending it out to Tete on the right. He looks to slide the ball down the right, but his attempt is intercepted. Fulham are still being frustrated by Fulham. However, they are moving the ball around with pace and are showing more intent.
Tete and Reed play a quick one-two on the right before the right-back curls a low cross into the box. It is cleared away to Castagne on the edge, who has an attempt blocked by Burke.
Reed finds Tete with a short pass down the right flank. He then sends a cross into the box, but it is too high, allowing Kaminski to claim it with ease.
Pereira and Willian combine with a few passes before the latter cuts inside with possession. The former Chelsea man looks to drill a low shot into the bottom corner from outside the box, but Burke makes the block.
Reed comes off after an energetic performance in the midfield. New signing Iwobi takes his place.
Silva also makes a switch in the attack. Jimenez had just 21 touches and is replaced by Vinicius.
Fulham have only lost one of their last eight Premier League matches against newly promoted opposition at Craven Cottage (winning three and drawing four), going down 1-2 to Leeds United in March 2021. They have controlled most of the game but have given Luton three clear chances to score.
GOALLLL! VINICIUS SCORES! 1-0 FULHAM! What an impact from the substitute. Willian receives possession on the left and goes past Kabore before sending a low cross into the box. Kaminski pushes it straight into the path of the Vinicius, who blasts his shot into the net.
Luton will have to show more attacking intent after conceding. Bell has had their only opportunities to score since half-time.
WIDE! Fulham have the momentum in the game and go close to scoring a second. Iwobi and Pereira combine on the edge of the box before the latter sends a pass out to Willian. He looks to shoot from a tight angle, with his effort deflecting just wide.
Iwobi has had an impact on the game since coming on as a substitute. He has constantly looked to receive possession and is clearly looking to make an impression in front of his new fans.
Willian has Kabore ahead of him and thinks about going past him before playing a pass across to Palhinha. The Portugal international shapes to shoot from distance and curls his effort just over the bar.
Luton make four changes to try and alter the outcome of the game. Brown is the first striker to come off and is replaced by Doughty. He went close to scoring earlier in the game, hitting the post with a header.
Morris also makes his way off. Ogbene comes on in the attack.
Lokonga has had a busy game at the heart of Luton's midfield. Mpanzu takes his place.
Adebayo is the fourth substitute to come on at the same time. Chong has been bright in spells but is now given a rest.
Doughty's free-kick from the left is cleared away by the head of Castagne. The clearance was vital because Andersen was right behind him.
Mpanzu drives a pass into the feet of Burke inside Fulham's box, who looks to have space to shoot. However, he cannot sort his feet out, allowing a couple of defenders to get around him and poke it out for a corner.
Fulham make a couple of changes. Wilson makes his way off the pitch and is replaced by Cordova-Reid.
Pereira is also replaced. Cairney is given the final nine minutes to make an impression.
Luton make their final change of the game. Woodrow comes on against his former side to add an extra man into the attack, with Burke coming off.
Kabore receives the ball inside Fulham's box and touches the ball out of his feet before seeing his shot deflect wide of the post.
Palhinha is usually patient in possession but goes direct with a pass, sending the ball over to Tete on the right. The full-back then plays it back to Iwobi on the edge of the box, who shoots over.
Woodrow looks to make an impression off the bench but heads the ball just wide.
Tete moves into the middle of Luton's half and sends a throughball into the path of Vinicius. The striker tries to go around the goalkeeper but his touch is loose. He then goes the other way to try and make space for a shot. However, Lockyer makes an impressive tackle.
Fulham are dominating the game at the moment, with Luton struggling to get out of their own half. The hosts are showing patience with the ball and are looking to slow the game down.
Willian does not have a goal or an assist to his name but comes off to a loud applause after an impressive performance on the left side of the attack. Bassey makes his first appearance since his red card against Arsenal.
Cairney and  Iwobi are free down the left side of the pitch and have a chance to put a cross into the box. However, with just two minutes left of the game, they decide to keep possession.
Kabore sends in a cross from the right side of the pitch. Lockyer makes contact with the ball after it goes over the head of Bassey, but his attempt goes well wide.
Tete goes towards the corner flag and wins a free-kick. It is only a matter of time before the game comes to an end.
FULL-TIME: FULHAM 1-0 LUTON TOWN
Vinicius scored three minutes after coming off the bench to help Fulham beat Luton. The Cottagers dominated possession before the break, but it was Luton who had the better opportunities to score. Morris blasted a shot just wide of the post from close range before Brown crashed the post with a header. Bell then had a massive chance soon after the restart after receiving a cross from Brown, but his effort went straight at Leno. The hosts then controlled the rest of the game. Palhinha's looping header went just over, with Vinicius netting the crucial goal. Willian was causing havoc down the left throughout the game and burst past Kabore before sending the ball across the box. Kaminski tried to push it away. However, he could only find Vinicius, who crashed his shot in.
Fulham collected their first win in three Premier League games after a narrow win over Luton. They travel to Crytal Palace in their next Premier League fixture before facing Norwich City in the third round of the EFL Cup. As for the Hatters, they have now lost all four of their games since being promoted from the Championship. Next up, they host Wolves, who have lost three of their four matches.
That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Manchester United and Brighton & Hove Albion at Old Trafford!
Following the recent international period, Manchester United return to Premier League duty aiming to continue their flawless home record so far. While the Red Devils have posted two wins at Old Trafford, they have lost both away fixtures, including at Arsenal, who beat United 3-1 in London two weeks ago. For all the off-field turmoil undermining their cause, manager Erik ten Hag will send his side out today having gone unbeaten through their last 32 home matches in all competitions.
Brighton secured a 2-1 victory at Old Trafford on the opening weekend of last season, and they have started this term in even more impressive style: having won three of their first four matches and scored 12 goals in the process, Albion are among the early Premier League front-runners. The Seagulls signed off for the international break with a 3-1 home victory over Newcastle United, in which Republic of Ireland striker Evan Ferguson netted his first top-flight hat-trick, and Roberto De Zerbi is now preparing his team for a first European campaign.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Diogo Dalot, Victor Lindelof, Lisandro Martinez, Sergio Reguilon; Scott McTominay, Casemiro; Bruno Fernandes, Christian Eriksen, Marcus Rashford; Rasmus Hojlund.
SUBS: Altay Bayindir, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Hannibal Mejbri, Facundo Pellistri, Jonny Evans, Alejandro Garnacho, Harry Maguire, Daniel Gore, Anthony Martial.
BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION (4-2-3-1): Jason Steele; Tariq Lamptey, Lewis Dunk, Jan-Paul van Hecke, Joel Veltman; Mahmoud Dahoud, Pascal Gross; Simon Adingra, Adam Lallana, Kaoru Mitoma; Danny Welbeck.
SUBS: Bart Verbruggen, Carlos Baleba, Joao Pedro, Igor, Ansu Fati, Adam Webster, Evan Ferguson, Billy Gilmour, James Milner.
Manchester United make three changes to the team that started against Arsenal last time out, as McTominay is brought in from the cold following another impressive spell with Scotland, Hojlund is offered his first start and Reguilon makes his debut. Antony and Jadon Sancho are both unavailable for selection, while Varane, Mount and Amrabat are among several players sidelined by injury.
Ahead of next week's Europa League game against AEK Athens, De Zerbi rotates his squad today, making six changes to the Brighton XI that overcame Newcastle United. While Adingra, Dahoud and ex-Man United striker Welbeck are among those introduced, Fati starts on the bench. Despite his hat-trick heroics last time out, Ferguson is also named among the substitutes, having missed the recent Euro 2024 qualifiers due to injury.
The players are out on the pitch at Old Trafford, and kick-off is now just moments away!
Brighton kick off, and we are under way in Manchester!
Determined play from Reguilon in midfield recovers the ball, and his forward run towards the left byline then earns Manchester United the first corner of the game. However, having taken it short, they almost immediately lose possession.
A foul on Dalot near the touchline sees Lamptey pick up an early yellow card, and the Brighton full-back will have to tread carefully from now on.
SAVE! Steele sticks out a leg to deny Rashford at the near post! After a direct run from the Man United forward, he reaches the byline and eludes Veltman's challenge; however, his close-range shot lacks conviction and allows Brighton's goalkeeper to make the save.
Following a free-kick routine orchestrated by Fernandes, a looping header from the edge of the box by Hojlund sails well over the crossbar. It's been an impressive start from the home side so far.
Rashford slings over a dangerous low cross fron the left touchline, which Hojlund only narrowly fails to make contact with, as he dives desperately into the six-yard box trying to make contact.
Dunk dives in to make a vital block inside his own box, after Reguilon plays in Rashford, who takes a couple of touches then unleashes a powerful strike at goal from the left-hand side of the area. Ultimately, it wouldn't have counted anyway, as the flag goes up for offside soon afterwards.
Alleviating the early pressure from their hosts, Brighton mount a quick counter: Solly sends Mitoma away on the break, but when the latter finds Lallana just outside the Manchester United box, a heavy touch sees the move disintegrate.
Heading into today's game, Manchester United had won each of their last eight Premier League matches at Old Trafford; they last enjoyed a longer home winning run in the competition back in 2013, en route to winning their last league title under Sir Alex Ferguson.
After Lamptey progresses up the left flank, Martinez is forced into a hurried hack away from danger as Welbeck closes him down tigerishly inside Man United's area.
Having been pinned back for much of the first 10 minutes, Brighton have since grown in confidence and are getting into their familiar passing rhythm.
BRIGHTON LEAD! Hitting his old club where it hurts, Welbeck slots home a 10-yard finish from the centre of the area, following Adingra's low cross from the right! He stays cool to steer the ball into the net, leaving Onana well beaten and putting Brighton 1-0 ahead at Old Trafford!
Pulling the ball back across the box from near the right byline, Adingra sets up Welbeck for the game's opening goal.
With his first goal of the 2023-24 season, Welbeck has now scored four times in 12 Premier League appearances against Manchester United since leaving his boyhood club.
Much to his apparent dismay, Van Hecke is booked by the referee for engaging in some time-wasting along with Brighton goalkeeper Steele.
After Dalot skips away from Mitoma on the right, his cutback is then hammered towards the target by Rashford, who sees the ball bounce back off the well-placed Dahoud. That was a decent half-chance for the England striker.
Brighton are bossing the ball at the moment, as the nervous energy builds inside Old Trafford. Manchester United's recent woes have not extended to home turf, but they find themselves behind again, heading towards half-time.
It's still the visitors in charge at the Theatre of Dreams, as Albion effortlessly stroke the ball about and their hosts chase shadows. This is how Brighton prefer to protect a lead.
Picking the ball up from Lallana midway through Man United's half, Welbeck takes a few short strides before letting fly with a 25-yard effort that rises comfortably over the crossbar.
OFF THE POST! Rashford comes close again! A driving run inside from the left leaves Van Hecke helplessly back-tracking, and the forward's shot is deflected onto the goalframe by Veltman's attempted block!
After some superb control by Lamptey opens up a few yards of space, Dalot shuts down Mitoma's sprint down the left touchline and United ultimately get the ball away to safety.
Old Trafford has gone very quiet now, as Brighton dictate the tempo of this game and seem to have endless time on the ball. The Seagulls passing has been so crisp since taking the lead earlier on.
Sprinting back into place, Reguilon uses his pace to avert danger, as Welbeck almost breaks free in the area and lines up a shot at goal.
GOAL FOR UNITED? Seemingly scoring his first Manchester United goal, Hojlund turns the ball home from close range after excellent work by Rashford on the left flank. The latter twice skins Van Hecke and then delivers an accurate low cross - but did he carry the ball over the byline? The VAR will decide!
NO GOAL! The VAR intervenes: Brighton keep their lead! Rashford had taken the ball just over the left byline before teeing up Hojlund's 'goal', which is now ruled out as a result.
Steele and his defenders play a risky game in developing play from the back, and the goalkeeper is a whisker away from giving the ball to Hojlund before quickly averting calamity.
MISS! Once again, Rashford drifts in from the left and sets up a shot at goal, but his attempt is skewed narrowly wide of the right-hand post! He's created plenty of openings during the first half, but not quite been able to finish it all off.
A frustrated, rather reckless lunge from behind on Dahoud results in a booking for Bruno Fernandes.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 0-1 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION
Rewarded for their bravery and control of possession at Old Trafford, Brighton lead at the break, thanks to a goal from ex-Manchester United man Welbeck. While Rashford provided a constant threat with runs from out to in, United have failed to find a way past Steele so far, with Hojlund having a goal ruled out by the VAR on his full debut. The outcome of an entertaining encounter remains very much in the balance, but it is De Zerbi's side who have an advantage to defend during the second half.
Brighton are unbeaten in their last 25 Premier League matches when leading at half-time, recording no less than 21 wins in the process. The Seagulls have also won all three times they have led at the break this term. Manchester United did come back from two goals down to beat Nottingham Forest earlier this season, though.
The hosts kick off, and we are back under way in Manchester!
Dalot steals the ball from Mitoma and springs a quick counter-attack: after Fernandes finds Rashford on the left, though, the latter's cutback from the byline cannot find another red jersey.
Having had to suffer without the ball for sustained spells during the first half, Manchester United are now neatly keeping possession, as they aim to find a route back into this game.
WIDE! Another wayward finish by Rashford hits the side-netting! Veltman and Van Hecke just cannot cope with his driving runs inside from the left flank, but it was a weak attempt from a promising position, with Hojlund also waiting in the centre.
THE SEAGULLS STRIKE AGAIN! Brighton extend their advantage, as Mitoma and Lamptey combine on the left side of the area, before the latter's pass picks out Gross, who steers the ball into the net from near the penalty spot! It was not great defending from the hosts, but the away fans don't care: 2-0 to Brighton!
After receiving the ball from Mitoma on the left side of the box, Lamptey's scuffed pass to Gross provides the assist for Brighton's second goal.
Defeat to Brighton today would see Manchester United suffer as many as three defeats in their first five matches of a league campaign for the first time since 1989-90, under Sir Alex Ferguson.
Steele fields the ball in the centre of his goal, dropping down to smother a shot from Fernandes, who tries his luck from outside the area.
Rashford this time drives a shot at goal from the edge of the area, which is heavily deflected behind for a corner-kick. However, the hosts can make nothing of the subsequent set-piece situation.
With a more comfortable cushion between them and their hosts, Brighton are now back in control of the ball. It's a long way back for Man United now.
A driving run and cross by Dalot wins United another corner, but once again they fail to make the most of a set-piece opportunity.
De Zerbi turns to the bench for fresh legs: the vastly experienced Lallana makes way, with young Barcelona loanee Ansu Fati sent on to replace him.
Opening goalscorer Welbeck is also withdrawn; Joao Pedro will be his replacement up front.
The home side also make a couple of changes: first, Mejbri comes on for Casemiro.
Making his 200th Premier League appearance, Martial is also introduced by Ten Hag, who hauls off Hojlund.
Rashford's latest attempt sails straight into the waiting gloves of Steele, who comfortably repels the United striker's dipping 20-yard free-kick.
Brighton have won their last three league matches against Manchester United - as many as in their first 17 - and they are now less than half an hour from extending that winning run to four games. But can they hold on?
Eriksen delivers a driven corner from the left, but Dunk's intervention clears the ball away for a throw-in. Eventually, Brighton play their way out of trouble, and they keep possession while the clock ticks down.
BRIGHTON BAG A THIRD! The visitors lead 3-0 at Old Trafford! Piling more misery on Man United, Joao Pedro expertly converts Lamptey's pass from just inside the box, steering the ball past Onana's despairing dive with a precise side-foot finish! What a scoreline we have here!
Another assist for Lamptey: he passes the ball into Joao Pedro's path and watches on as the ball then nestles into the back of the net.
UNITED BACK IN IT! The hosts reduce their arrears, as Hannibal receives the ball from Martinez and slams home a superb strike from just outside the area, finding the bottom-right corner! It's suddenly 3-1 to Brighton, but there's still plenty of work left to do for Ten Hag's men!
Martinez picks out Hannibal with a pass leading to Manchester United's first goal of the game.
A rugged challenge by Veltman sends Reguilon sprawling and concedes a corner-kick. Following the set-piece, Fernandes chips a ball back into the box from the right, before Lindelof heads the ball over the crossbar under pressure.
Having set up two goals today, Lamptey is now withdrawn; former Liverpool, Leeds United and Manchester City man Milner comes on to a 'warm' welcome from the Old Trafford faithful.
De Zerbi also replaces Dahoud, with Gilmour taking his place in central midfield.
SAVE! Closing down the angle at his near post, Onana keeps out a prodded shot from close range by Mitoma, who seemed set to score Brighton's fourth goal when set free by Joao Pedro's throughball.
Brighton are patiently keeping possession at the back, as they consistently evade United's disjointed press. It's hard to envisage how the home side can get anything from this game now, as they can barely get hold of the ball.
A brief spell of pressure comes to an abrupt end when Dalot fouls Mitoma deep inside Brighton territory. It's been quite a duel between the two of them today, and no quarter has been given.
Ten Hag goes for broke with a triple substitution: first, Reguilon is replaced by Garnacho.
Wan-Bissaka is thrown on in place of Martinez.
Finally, McTominay makes way as Pellistri is offered a brief cameo in testing circumstances.
Brighton also make their final change, with Ferguson returning from injury to replace Adingra for the final few minutes.
SAVE! Once again, Joao Pedro drops deep to feed in an attacking colleague, as he picks out Ferguson's run into the box from the right. The teenage substitute then drives a low shot at Onana, who makes a sharp save!
Ansu Fati tries his luck with a shot from the centre of the area, which is saved comfortably enough by Onana in the bottom-right corner. Again, it was Joao Pedro who played the final pass.
Six minutes of stoppage time have been indicated by the match officials, but if anything it seems more likely that Brighton will score again than Manchester United can stage a dramatic late comeback.
For lunging into a challenge on Ferguson, Hannibal is shown a yellow card by the referee.
SUPER STOP! Onana prevents the hosts' embarrassment becoming more acute, as he dives low to his left in order to keep out Ansu Fati's goalbound strike! Gilmour sent the young loanee through, and he really should have scored!
Fernandes cuts inside and delivers a slightly aimless cross, and Veltman responds by stepping in and diverting it away to safety. Brighton are seeing this game out quite comfortably.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 1-3 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION
Continuing their unprecedented dominance over Manchester United, a slick and clinical Brighton side post their fourth straight win over the Red Devils - and their two-goal winning margin could well have been bigger. Ex-United striker Welbeck set them on their way, and Joao Pedro's second-half strike capped another fine performance from De Zerbi's men. A disjointed display from the hosts saw them greeted by many empty seats and some booing at the final whistle, while the Seagulls will fly home with 12 Premier League points on the board already.
It does not get any easier for Manchester United in their next outing, as they tackle Bayern Munich in Bavaria, before they return to Premier League duty much closer to home, meeting Burnley at Turf Moor. Brighton, meanwhile, host AEK Athens in Thursday's Europa League debut, then Bournemouth await next weekend.
That's all from Old Trafford today, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Newcastle United and Brentford at St James' Park!
Newcastle opened their season in style with a 5-1 thrashing of Aston Villa, but things have since turned on their head. They've followed that up with three consecutive defeats to Manchester City, Liverpool and Brighton and Hove Albion, and Eddie Howe will be looking to get them back to winning ways today. As for Brentford, they've made an unbeaten start to this campaign, but have won just one of their four matches so far - a 3-0 win over Fulham - while drawing the other three.
NEWCASTLE UNITED STARTING XI (4-3-3): Nick Pope; Kieran Trippier, Fabian Schar, Sven Botman, Dan Burn; Sean Longstaff, Bruno Guimaraes, Elliot Anderson; Harvey Barnes, Callum Wilson, Anthony Gordon.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Martin Dubravka, Sandro Tonali, Valentino Livramento, Lewis Hall, Jamaal Lascelles, Jacob Murphy, Matt Targett, Miguel Almiron, Alexander Isak.
BRENTFORD STARTING XI (5-3-2): Mark Flekken; Aaron Hickey, Nathan Collins, Ethan Pinnock, Ben Mee, Rico Henry; Mathias Jensen, Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt; Bryan Mbuemo, Yoanne Wissa.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Keane Lewis-Potter, Frank Onyeka, Thomas Strakosha, Kevin Schade, Yehor Yarmolyuk, Mads Roerslev, Neal Maupay, Saman Ghoddos, Zanka.
Howe makes five changes from the loss to Brighton last time out. Botman returns from an ankle injury to start, with Longstaff, Anderson, Barnes and Wilson also coming in. Targett, Almiron and Isak start on the bench, as does Tonali, who picked up a muscle problem on international duty. Joelinton isn't in the squad.
There's just one change by Thomas Frank to the side that started against Bournemouth before the break. They switch to a back five, so Collins slots in as the extra defender. Schade drops to the bench.
Newcastle have won seven of their last eight league games against Brentford (D1) in a run stretching back to 1992. In that time, the Magpies have netted 24 goals against them.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Longstaff gets the game underway for Newcastle!
Newcastle are looking to make a quick start to this game as they work it quickly upfield. Trippier finds space down the right and tries to clip it to Wilson on the edge of the box, but Mee hooks it away.
GOOD SAVE! Hickey's initial route to goal is blocked, but the half-clearance falls to Jensen, who picks out the midfielder with a clever reverse pass. This time, the defender hits a shot, which takes a deflection, but Pope gets behind it.
Newcastle move it quickly down their right once more, with Guimaraes nodding it out to Gordon. He bursts past Henry before lifting a deep cross into the box that clears everyone in the middle.
Brentford neatly play themselves out of a tight spot in their own half, but they can't find a way forward. Norgaard tries to dart through the middle, only to run into Anderson, and the visitors have to go back to their keeper.
Mbuemo has so much space to run into down the right, and he takes it to the byline before pulling it back into the middle. It's too far in front of Janelt at the near post, and Botman clears his lines before Wissa can get to it.
Norgaard outmuscles Schar to win the ball back just outside the Newcastle box, and it's quickly switched to Mbuemo on the right. He tries to scoop it in from the byline but sends it into the side netting.
Guimaraes curls a good pass forward, and it looks like Pinnock has it covered, but Gordon still chases him all the way. It's knocked back to Flekken, who properly clears the danger.
Since winning their first away league game against Newcastle 5-2 in September 1934, Brentford are winless in their last five visits to the Magpies (D1 L4).
Anderson does well to open up a pocket of space down the left and he lifts a cross into the middle for Wilson. Norgaard sticks out a leg just in time to get it away from him, and Anderson can't swing it in a second time.
Newcastle are starting to up the pressure a little here as Burn pushes forward down the left now. His cross is blocked though, as is Anderson's follow-up.
Trippier's free-kick is cleared by the first man, and Brentford break quickly on the counter. Pinnock switches it out to Jensen on the right, and he curls a dangerous cross towards the far post, but Wissa can't make contact.
Newcastle are starting to see more of the ball now, and they're patiently playing out from the back. Brentford are pressing high upfield, and making it difficult for the hosts to get forward.
Gordon slaloms his way through a crowd of Brentford players as he cuts inside from the right, but he can't open up space for a shot. He lays it off to Barnes, but the visitors are back in their compact shape.
GREAT SAVE! Trippier whips a great corner into the box and Botman rises high to nod it down to Guimaraes at the far post. He has a free header from close range, which Flekken keeps out with his legs, and Collins gets it away.
Brentford go for a more direct route to goal this time, Janelt lifting it over the top for Wissa to chase. He brings it down with a good first touch, but the flag goes up to stop the move.
Barnes fizzes a dangerous low cross into the six-yard box and Flekken gets fingertips to it to take it away from Longstaff. Newcastle come again though as Trippier clips one in, and Wilson heads over from close range.
Wissa catches Schar on the mouth with his elbow in an aerial challenge and is shown the first yellow card of the game.
Schar needs treatment after being caught by Wissa as his lip is bleeding. He's taken to the side of the pitch to be patched up, but he'll be able to carry on.
Newcastle's short free-kick down the right doesn't quite go as planned, but Trippier does manage to win a corner. That's curled into the near post, but Pinnock gets it away.
Henry is down by the corner flag holding his knee after being caught by Trippier. The medical team rush over to give him some treatment, but the wing-back looks to be in quite a bit of pain.
The stretcher is being walked over to Henry, but he is able to gingerly get back to his feet. He's limping his way around the side of the pitch, and his game is over.
Henry will be going straight down the tunnel with the medical team, and Roerslev is brought on in his place.
Barnes is driving through the middle when Norgaard slides in with a heavy challenge to bring him down from behind. He can have no complaints about that booking.
Trippier chooses to cross the resulting free-kick towards the far post, but it's cleared straight back out to him. This time, he goes for goal, volleying his first-time shot over the bar.
We're into five added minutes at the end of the half, and Newcastle are still pushing for an opener. Barnes weaves his way out to the left before curling another cross in, but it's cleared by Mee.
Brentford win a corner which is curled into the near post for Mbuemo. He gets caught under it slightly and thumps his header high over the bar.
Brentford have everyone back in their own half as they try to see out the last few seconds of stoppage time without conceding. Newcastle just can't find any space in behind.
HALF-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 0-0 BRENTFORD.
It's goalless at the break between Newcastle and Brentford. There were just two shots on target in the first half, though both of them forced great saves - Hickey was denied by Pope, who stood tall at his near post early on, while Flekken kept out Guimaraes' free header from point-blank range at the other end. Brentford started the game well, but the hosts grew into the game as it went on, without being able to find a breakthrough.
Newcastle made a slow start to the game, but Howe will be fairly pleased with their performance after that. They just need to be more clinical when they do get into the box. Brentford haven't made things easy though. Even though they didn't show as much of an attacking threat as the half went on, they were compact in defence and looked hard to break down.
Brentford get us back underway for the second half!
Gordon is trying to disrupt Brentford's early possession here so he races to close Hickey down. The wing-back gets the ball away in time, but the Newcastle winger hurts himself in the process. He can carry on without treatment.
Brentford win it deep in their own half, and Roerslev hooks it forward for Wissa to chase. He struggles to get it out of his feet, which allows Newcastle to get back, and the forward sees his shot blocked.
Trippier can't pick out a successful cross from the right, and when Schar swings it in, Flekken tips it out to Barnes on the left. He cuts inside before curling it towards the far post, but Gordon can't direct it on target.
Newcastle are unbeaten in their last 20 Premier League games that have been level at half-time (W8 D12) since a 5-1 defeat to Tottenham in April 2022, and are unbeaten in 16 such games at home (W8 D8) since losing 0-3 to Chelsea in October 2021.
Norgaard wins it back in midfield and slots it forward for Wissa. Newcastle are tightly man-marking at the moment though, and Botman intercepts to set the hosts on the counter.
NO GOAL! It's a scramble in the box as Collins' header loops up into the air, and Wilson backs into Flekken. The keeper misses his punch and Gordon's shot pinballs towards goal before Wilson helps it over the line from close range. The referee says it's a foul on the keeper though, and it won't count. Still 0-0!
A dangerous ball is whipped in from the right for Brentford and after Wissa misses it, Hickey catches Pope with a late foul. He's booked for it.
PENALTY TO NEWCASTLE! Hickey knocked the ball back to Flekken, not realising that Gordon was rushing in behind him. The wing-back can't stop him from getting to it, and the Brentford goalkeeper then trips the winger as he tries to clear it. The referee takes a moment to think about it before pointing to the spot.
Brentford can't believe that the penalty has gone against them, but their arguments are falling on deaf ears. The referee shepherds them out of the box as Wilson puts the ball on the spot, but he'll have to wait a bit longer.
WILSON SCORES! There's no saving that one! Despite being made to wait, it's a confident penalty from the forward as he sends a powerful strike high into the top-right corner. Flekken dived the right way, but no keeper is reaching that. 1-0 Newcastle!
Flekken is still complaining about the penalty being awarded against him, and the referee has had enough as he books him for dissent.
Brentford look to make a quick response to going behind by working it into Newcastle's box straight from the restart. It's pulled back to Mbuemo on the edge of the box, but he slices a shot well wide.
This game has opened right up in the last 10 minutes or so and Barnes is almost slipped through the gap in the middle. He's forced wide by Mee but still manages to pick out Guimaraes, who fires a shot high over the bar.
Mee has gone down off the ball and he's holding his ankle. The medical team are on to give him some treatment, but he's going to carry on for now.
Brentford are going to make a triple change as they try to get back into this game. They're taking no chances with Mee as he's replaced by Maupay.
Janelt is also taken off, with Schade on for him.
And Onyeka comes on for Norgaard.
Wilson is being chased around the penalty area by Roerslev as Newcastle wait to take their corner. When Trippier does curl it into the box, he can't pick out a team-mate, and Brentford get it away.
Wilson has scored 15 of his 16 penalties in the Premier League, with his only miss from the spot coming against Cardiff City in August 2018 for Bournemouth.
Schade makes a great run down the left and gets a yard on Botman to play it towards the near post. There isn't enough curl on the pass to pick out Wissa, and Pope comfortably collects.
PENALTY TO NEWCASTLE! The hosts have another spot-kick! Gordon clips a good cross in from the right and Mbuemo is marking Barnes at the far post. He nods it down onto the Brentford forward's hand, which is level with his shoulder, and the referee points to the spot again. However, the VAR may get involved with this one...
NO PENALTY! VAR is having a look at the penalty decision, and they've asked Craig Pawson to go over to the monitor. Barnes did have his hands on Mbuemo, using the player to get up to meet the cross, which caused Mbuemo's arms to come up. After watching the replays, the decision is overturned.
Brentford are making their final change following that VAR decision. Hickey is the one going off, with Lewis-Potter on in his place.
Newcastle are also using the opportunity to make their first swap. Barnes is taken off, with Almiron on for him.
Collins attempts to drag Wilson back, and when that doesn't work, he stretches across him to block the run. He's complaining, but it won't stop the referee from showing him a yellow card.
Wissa stretches to make the interception, and Maupay rushes onto it before sliding it to Schade to his left. He knocks it past Burn with his first touch, but the defender recovers well to block the shot.
Brentford are still pushing to try and get something out of this game, but their passing is suffering from their frantic need to get it forward. Jensen tries to hook it forward for Mbuemo, but it's an easy interception for Schar.
Into the first of nine added minutes here, and Brentford are still on the ball. Schade carries it forward down the right, but can't pick out a cross as Newcastle have nearly everyone back in their box.
WIDE! Schar slides in with a late challenge on Wissa, and Brentford have a free-kick near the byline on the left. It's swung into the crowd, and Barnes' glancing header helps it onto Wissa, who nods it wide of the post.
Gordon was convinced he should've had a throw-in and reacted angrily when the referee gave it Brentford's way. He's booked for dissent.
Wilson's frustration about the decision was also on show as he pushed Onyeka away to stop him from taking the throw-in before shouting at the referee. He's booked for his double act of dissent.
The yellow card is out again, this time for Guimaraes. He didn't get a free-kick that he wanted and then clipped Lewis-Potter late in his annoyance.
Newcastle are pressing high upfield in an attempt to keep Brentford out of their half. The visitors are still trying to pass their way out from the back, but they're running out of time.
FULL-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 1-0 BRENTFORD.
Newcastle get back to winning ways with a 1-0 victory against Brentford. It was a very tight first half, with both keepers making a great save apiece to keep things level. Newcastle upped the pressure after the break though, and thought they'd taken the lead when Wilson bundled it over the line, only for it to be ruled out for a foul on Flekken. Just moments later, the Bees keeper tripped Gordon to give away a penalty that was confidently dispatched by Wilson. The hosts were awarded another spot-kick late on for a handball by Mbuemo, but VAR overturned the decision due to a foul on the forward just before it.
That win lifts Newcastle up to 11th place, now level on points with Brentford, but they sit below the Bees on goal difference. Next up for them is the Champions League, where they face Milan on Tuesday. Brentford's unbeaten start to the season is over, and they'll be hoping to bounce back against Everton next weekend.
That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Nottingham Forest and Burnley at the City Ground.
Forest have made a credible start to some tough opening league fixtures, with one-goal defeats at both Manchester United and Arsenal coming in between a win over Sheffield United. A 1-0 triumph away at Chelsea last time out will only boost Steve Cooper’s confidence, but his side were defeated by Burnley in the EFL Cup second round when these two teams met at this ground on August 30.
Burnley have endured a turbulent start to life back in the Premier League, losing comfortably to Manchester City and Aston Villa before a 5-2 demolition by Tottenham at Turf Moor. Yet to win this season in three league games, Vincent Kompany’s Clarets will be desperate to get their first points on the board here.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-2-3-1): Matt Turner; Gonzalo Montiel, Joe Worrall, Scott McKenna, Ola Aina; Orel Mangala, Ibrahim Sangare; Callum Hudson-Odoi, Morgan Gibbs-White, Anthony Elanga; Taiwo Awoniyi.
SUBSTITUTES: Odysseas Vlachodimos, Nuno Tavares, Cheikhou Kouyate, Chris Wood, Andrey Santos, Nicolas Dominguez, Moussa Niakhate, Ryan Yates, Divock Origi.
BURNLEY (4-4-2): James Trafford; Connor Roberts, Ameen Al Dakhil, Jordan Beyer, Charlie Taylor; Johann Gudmundsson, Josh Cullen, Josh Brownhill, Luca Koleosho; Lyle Foster, Zeki Amdouni.
SUBSTITUTES: Arijanet Muric, Jack Cork, Jay Rodriguez, Manuel Benson, Sander Berge, Anass Zaroury, Aaron Ramsey, Mike Tresor, Hannes Delcroix.
Cooper opts for four alterations to his starting XI that overcame the Blues at Stamford Bridge. Hudson-Odoi and Sangare – signed from Chelsea and PSV respectively on deadline day – come in for their debuts, while World Cup winner Montiel and ex-Manchester United winger Elanga are in from the start. Serge Aurier, Danilo and Ryan Yates miss out entirely and the other replacement, Danilo, drops to the bench, which also includes new loanee Origi.
Kompany makes just two alterations to his last line-up that was thrashed by Tottenham in front of the home Clarets supporters. Taylor returns to the side, as well as captain Brownhill. Berge is named among the substitutes after his omission, while Dara O’Shea is not among Burnley’s squad. Deadline-day arrival Tresor will be an option from the bench for the visitors.
This is the first top-flight meeting between Forest and Burnley since February 1971, with the former winning 1-0 at the City Ground thanks to an Ian Storey-Moore strike. It is also the first encounter between the two sides in any division since February 2016 – the Clarets won that Championship encounter 1-0 at Turf Moor. Ready for the next edition? Kick-off is on the way…
Referee Robert Jones gets this Premier League clash under way at the City Ground!
The away side enjoy a sustained spell of possession over the opening couple of minutes, albeit making little progression up towards Turner's goal. A wayward Taylor pass backwards entices Awoniyi but Trafford is quick to race out and recycle the ball.
SAVE! Foster turns Sangare inside and out before driving towards the edge of the area, from which the Burnley striker looks to curl a right-footed attempt towards goal. Turner gets down well to make the first save of the game.
Foster remains down after a Worrall tackle near the halfway line, but he will have to get to his feet to defend a Forest free-kick after Cullen hauls down Hudson-Odoi.
Gibbs-White's inviting free-kick has Awoniyi interested before Trafford punches an assured clearance away from danger. The Clarets won't want to give the Forest playmaker too many set-piece opportunities in that sort of range.
Forest have lost just one of their last 10 league games played on a Monday (W5 D4), going down 4-0 at Leicester City in October last season. Six of those games have been at the City Ground, with Forest winning five of those (D1).
CLOSE! Hudson-Odoi has the home crowd on their feet after driving inside from the left and powering a right-footed effort that is blocked by a wall of Burnley shirts. A loose ball almost falls for Awoniyi, but the Clarets just about manage to intervene.
Montiel hoists a long throw-in towards the area before Forest attempt to recycle the clearance through Sangare. Amdouni completes his defensive duties to dispossess the midfielder before winning a free-kick deep inside Burnley's half.
Trafford needlessly takes an age over a deep free-kick inside his own half, and referee Jones decides enough is enough. The Clarets goalkeeper is shown a yellow card without any prior warning – just 11 minutes into the game!
Kompany's side are yet to settle as Cooper's hosts press with rampant energy. Gibbs-White, Elanga, Hudson-Odoi and Awoniyi are hardly offering any breathing room for Burnley.
CHANCE! Elanga glides inside before spraying to the opposite flank for Hudson-Odoi, who cuts back towards the penalty spot. Awoniyi takes a first-time effort that Al Dakhil blocks at the perfect time to protect Trafford's goal. Forest are knocking on the door in the early exchanges.
Kompany cuts a visibly frustrated figure on the touchline as his side continue to cause all of their own problems with lapses in concentration in possession. The Clarets enjoyed playing a possession-based game in the Championship, but the Premier League is proving an entirely different challenge for their tactics.
SAVE! Burnley are once again the architects of their own downfall as Beyer races out of defence to be dispossessed by Awoniyi. The Forest striker offloads to his left for Hudson-Odoi, whose right-footed curling effort is parried away by a two-handed Trafford stop.
Hudson-Odoi appears to win the ball in a fiercely contested challenge with Roberts, yet referee Jones awards the visitors a free-kick. Whistles intensify at the City Ground as Trafford takes his time over another pause in play.
Forest have won their last four Premier League home games, scoring a different number of goals each time (3-1 v Brighton and Hove Albion, 4-3 v Southampton, 1-0 v Arsenal, 2-1 v Sheffield United). They last won more consecutively as a top-flight club between April and August 1991 (seven).
Gibbs-White bursts down the right-hand side after spinning in midfield, cutting onto his left foot inside the area. The Forest playmaker selflessly looks to play across for Hudson-Odoi, but Burnley recover to clear the danger. The England youth international should perhaps have pulled the trigger instead there.
Aina is forced to slam a Brownhill cross behind for a corner after a promising spell on the ball for the Clarets. The Burnley captain delivers the set-piece but Turner claims with consummate ease.
Mangala overlaps Hudson-Odoi and reaches the byline before drilling a tempting cross across the face of goal. Awoniyi and Gibbs-White both poke at the chance but Al Dakhil eventually manages to intervene inside his own six-yard area.
Kompany's visitors appear short of ideas when it comes to possession, with centre-back pairing Al Dakhil and Beyer, as well as goalkeeper Trafford seeing most of the ball. Burnley must be more incisive to have any opportunity to test Turner as the first half goes on.
GOOD STOP! Koleosho is causing a few problems for Montiel as the Burnley winger dances inside and plays towards the middle. Amdouni is the recipient before drilling a low right-footed piledriver towards the bottom-left corner. An unsighted Turner does excellently to react late and parry around the post.
England cricketing legends Stuart Broad and James Anderson are in attendance at the City Ground supporting their respective sides. This game has resembled the attritional nature of Test cricket thus far, such has been the tension of this hard-fought clash.
Mangala makes a cynical foul in midfield by dragging down Cullen. The Forest midfielder is not cautioned for the foul, but instead for blocking Brownhill from taking a quick free-kick.
Cullen zips an inviting low cross across the face of goal but Gudmundsson isn't there to convert at the back post. Burnley are rapidly growing in confidence as Kompany encourages his team up the pitch.
Montiel scythes down Brownhill with a late lunge as the Forest right-back clatters into the Burnley captain. Argentina's World Cup winner joins team-mate Mangala in the referee's book, and the Clarets have a promising free-kick out wide.
Gudmundsson's free-kick delivery is poor and Forest clear with ease at the near post before Koleosho's attempt to cross back in deflects out for a goal-kick.
The hosts can't cope with Koleosho at the minute as Sangare fells the teenage winger on the left flank. Brownhill overhits his set-piece cross straight into the hands of the assured Turner.
HOW HAVE THEY NOT SCORED? Another rapid counter-attack from Forest forces Taylor to turn behind for a corner after Aina's long pass towards the area. Gibbs-White swings the set-piece into the far post, where McKenna, Sangare and Awoniyi all somehow miss the ball from point-blank range with Trafford stranded on his line.
Forest have scored in each of their last 11 Premier League matches, their longest scoring streak in the top-flight since a run of 14 between February and August 1995. Cooper's hosts have offered some threat towards Trafford's goal here, but not enough to break the deadlock thus far.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLL! 1-0 BURNLEY! Koleosho continues to torment Montiel as the teenage winger drives to the byline before cutting back with a low cross towards the edge of the area. Foster fluffs his lines with the first attempt, although his miscue deflects into the path of Amdouni, who smashes a left-footed half-volley into the bottom-left corner. Turner has no chance as the Forest goalkeeper is unsighted by a wall of red shirts!
Somehow, Foster takes the credit with the assist going to his name. Koleosho deserves all the plaudits, though, with his surging run allowing space for the Burnley striker's woeful effort to tee up a resounding Amdouni finish.
A World Cup and Europa League winner last season, Montiel has endured a torrid game against the impressive Koleosho. Every time the Burnley winger gets on the ball it looks like a chance could come from nothing, and the Clarets have finally made Forest pay!
Sangare, seemingly fed up with his team-mate Montiel's incompetence in defending against the winger, intervenes as Koleosho looks to burst inside once more. Cooper has a decision to make over the right-back at half-time.
There will be two minutes to end this first half as Aina blasts a torrid effort well over the crossbar from range.
CLOSE! Gibbs-White plays easily through the centre for Elanga before the Sweden international powers towards the edge of the area with Al Dakhil tracking back. The former Manchester United winger curls a right-footed attempt that is never beating Trafford, who makes a comfortable stop down the middle of his goal.
HALF-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 0-1 BURNLEY
Forest have it all to do in the second half as Cooper's side head into the interval 1-0 down to Burnley. A moment of magic from Koleosho created the Clarets' 41st-minute opener, with the winger cutting back for Foster, whose miscued effort teed up a fine Amdouni finish to silence the City Ground. Kompany's side are yet to win this season in the Premier League, but they are halfway to doing so!
Cooper has problems to address during half-time as Montiel simply hasn't coped with the energetic Koleosho, who has dominated the World Cup winner in every single duel on the left flank. A switch to a back three could be a solution for Forest, while Kompany will be satisfied but urging his Burnley players to be more composed when in possession.
Referee Jones gets the second half under way as Forest take the kick-off. Can Burnley hold on for their first win of the season? We’re about to find out...
Koleosho gets a first chance to attack Montiel on the left flank in this half, but his delivery is poor and Worrall heads away with ease. The City Ground is in a quiet lull as Forest fans eagerly await improvements in the second period.
Since the start of last season, Awoniyi has been involved in more Premier League goals than any other Forest player (15 – 13 goals, two assists). He's scored or assisted in each of his last eight appearances in the competition, netting nine goals in this run and assisting Elanga's winner against Chelsea last time out. The striker is yet to truly get involved in this game, though.
CHANCE! Koleosho, unsurprisingly, causes more problems down the left-hand side before offloading to the edge of the area. Amdouni is again the recipient but his left-footed strike is deflected behind by Mangala. Turner appears concerned for a minute before the attempt trickles off target.
WIDE! Burnley's right-sided corner is cleared as far as Taylor, who smashes a rocket of a left-footed volley towards the bottom-left corner. Turner remains motionless as the Forest goalkeeper watches the ball sail narrowly wide to his right.
Cooper appears to have seen enough from his defence as Tavares prepares to come on. Montiel is the safe bet for the full-back who will be removed, with the World Cup winner on a yellow card and repeatedly being tormented by Koleosho.
That will be that for Montiel, whose first start in the Premier League comes to an abrupt end. Arsenal loanee Tavares races on to play left-back, with Aina switching to the right flank.
Hudson-Odoi's low left-wing cross interests Awoniyi before Beyer turns behind for a corner. Burnley want a free-kick, but the referee points to the corner for Forest.
CLOSE! Gibbs-White whips a curling set-piece towards the six-yard area but Al Dakhil heads away from danger. A loose ball falls to Mangala, whose right-footed attempt bends narrowly over when the midfielder aims for the top-right corner.
Cooper's hosts are increasing the intensity as Mangala sees a wicked effort blocked on the edge of the box. Elanga recovers possession and crosses for Gibbs-White, who can't make the right contact and heads harmlessly over from near the penalty spot.
Burnley have lost all three of their Premier League games so far this season – only twice in their history have they lost their first four in a league campaign, doing so in 1927-28 (top-flight) and 2002-03 (second tier). Kompany’s side have just over 30 minutes to survive and end that poor run.
WHAT A GOALLLLLLLLLLLL! FOREST MAKE IT 1-1! Hudson-Odoi introduces himself to the City Ground in an incredible manner. A long cross to the back post is controlled by Awoniyi before the striker offloads to the former Chelsea winger, who steps inside and curls a beautiful right-footed effort in off the right post. Trafford has absolutely no hope of stopping that one. A brief VAR check for an Awoniyi handball comes before the goal can stand!
Awoniyi showed real composure to bring down a steepling cross, shrugging off Gudmundsson before offloading for Hudson-Odoi’s perfect finish. Murmurs for a handball by the Forest striker fall on deaf ears by referee Jones and the VAR.
Kompany makes a change straight after the equaliser. Gudmundsson comes off for Zaroury.
Berge is also introduced as scorer Amdouni makes way.
Gibbs-White races into the face of referee Jones as the Forest playmaker appeals for a handball from Cullen, who was down low to block a shot inside the area. The VAR has a quick check before sticking with the on-field decision.
Elanga is bludgeoned down in the middle of the Burnley half but referee Jones waves play on, despite there being no advantage when Gibbs-White loses possession. Berge has a chance to release Foster on the counter-attack but opts to play backwards.
Nerves and optimism appear in equal measure as the City Ground awaits Forest's next pursuit forward. The home supporters will have to wait, though, as Aina deals with a dangerous cross at the back post by heading away.
Hudson-Odoi, the hero for Forest so far, hangs his head after failing to release Awoniyi in behind. Trafford races off his line to intervene as the home side's striker looked to make a break for the loose ball.
Brownhill inexplicably passes to none of his team-mates and straight out for a corner. The Burnley captain will have a few seconds to think about that decision, as Forest are going to make a couple of changes.
Home favourite Yates is roared onto the City Ground pitch as he replaces Mangala in midfield.
Scorer of a delightful equaliser, Hudson-Odoi, makes way for Milan loanee Origi to make his Forest home debut.
Brownhill will breathe a sight of relief as Forest's right-sided corner comes to nothing. Down the other end, Foster forces a throw-in near the far corner and Burnley will fancy their chances from a long ball into the box.
OVER! Roberts attempts back-to-back long throw-ins, the second of which falls kindly on the volley for Zaroury. The Burnley substitute strikes a first-time right-footed effort that is always rising well over Turner's goal.
Gibbs-White swings in a corner from the right flank but Awoniyi can't find space to attack the delivery at the far post. Koleosho looks to launch a counter-attack but Tavares displays his speed to play back towards the feet of Turner.
After running Montiel all over the place in the first half, Koleosho is withdrawn for Tresor's Burnley debut.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! The Clarets strike against the run of play and Forest can only blame their defence. A long pass over the top catches McKenna in two minds as Berge bursts through and into the area before squaring for Foster, who taps into an empty net. The Burnley striker was never going to miss from there, but wait… there’s going to be a VAR check on this one!
NO GOAL! The VAR instructs Jones to review his decision at the touchline monitor. After watching the goal back, the referee deems Berge has handled when controlling the bouncing ball and rules out the goal. The score remains 1-1 and Burnley may feel slightly aggrieved!
Foster, whose goal has just been ruled out, has scored in his last two Premier League games for Burnley, having netted just once in his first 12 league games for the Clarets. Benni McCarthy (five instances between 2006-2009) and Steven Pienaar (2010) are the only South African players to have scored in three consecutive appearances in the competition.
There's all sorts going on in the Burnley area as Awoniyi goes down when aiming to attack an Elanga cross. A tangle of legs between the Forest striker and Origi seemed to cause the fall, and the hosts will have to settle for a corner on the left flank.
Trafford awkwardly parries Gibbs-White's outswinging corner as Burnley just about escape without set-piece punishment. The Clarets goalkeeper failed to look convincing with his reaction to that high ball.
This season there has been 18 goals scored in the 90th minute or later, which is four more than after five matchdays in any other Premier League campaign (14 in 2020-21). Can either side find another late winner?
Berge sends Tavares spiralling to the floor as the Norway international makes it to the byline before standing up a cross that Aina clears at the far post. Turner then claims from Tresor's second delivery.
Taylor rushes over to tend to his team-mate as Beyer goes down holding his hamstring, seemingly struggling with cramp. The stoppage offers Kompany a chance to make another change. Referee Jones points to his watch to signal the time will, as always, be added on.
Beyer's game is over as the centre-back hobbles off. Delcroix sprints on to take his place in the heart of the Burnley defence.
Awoniyi comes off after another productive outing, with Wood – who scored the winner in Forest's last home game – introduced for the final few minutes.
Trafford refuses to edge off his line as the Clarets struggle with another long throw-in towards the front post. Gibbs-White eventually offloads for Sangare, who blazes a wild right-footed piledriver well over the target.
Sangare almost gifts Burnley a late goal after his lapse in concentration allows Brownhill to nip in and cross towards the near post. Foster is waiting but Forest turn behind for a corner as the fourth official indicates seven minutes of additional time.
CHANCE! Tresor angles an inviting corner-kick towards the near post, where a stooping Foster can only head narrowly wide of the target. The pressure from the away side doesn't stop there, though, as Burnley win a free-kick. However, that comes to nothing.
Referee Jones briefly pauses play as the VAR reviews Origi's sliding tackle on Berge inside the area. It is deemed not worthy of a penalty, but there's another decision being reviewed as well... Foster could be in trouble here for violent conduct!
RED CARD! Amid the carnage of blocks inside the Forest area, Foster swings out at Yates with a petulant elbow. Referee Jones doesn’t immediately spot it, but after a VAR review and looking at the touchline monitor, the Burnley striker is shown a straight red card! The Clarets are down to 10 for the closing minutes.
Roberts is shown a yellow card for delaying the restart.
Aina bursts down the right-hand side before cutting back for Gibbs-White, who rushes a right-footed attempt straight at Trafford. Wood swings a loose leg at the chance in front of the Burnley goalkeeper, but the Forest substitute is offside.
Foster has endured a torrid game in regards to the VAR, first seeing his second-half finish ruled out for Berge's handball before his needless act of violent conduct was noted by the off-field officials. Burnley are hanging in there with 10 men for the time being, presumably much to the South African's relief.
Cullen drags down Gibbs-White to stop a Forest counter-attack and the Burnley midfielder has no complaints for the yellow card shown.
Gibbs-White pumps a long free-kick towards the far post, where McKenna helps a header towards Wood. The New Zealand international can't test Trafford at his near post, though, and that will be game over at the City Ground.
FULL-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 1-1 BURNLEY
An entertaining Premier League clash at the City Ground comes to an end as Forest and Burnley share the spoils in a 1-1 draw. A Hudson-Odoi stunner after the interval cancelled out Amdouni's pinpoint first-half finish, although the Clarets may feel hard done by. Foster had the ball in the back of the net to make it 2-1, only for the VAR to deem Berge had handled when assisting the striker. To make matters worse for Foster, the visitors' striker was dismissed late on after petulantly swinging out at Yates.
Burnley register their first point of the season at their fourth attempt after returning to the Premier League. Kompany's side host struggling Manchester United next Saturday, while Forest – who sit eighth in the table on seven points – face the thankless task of visiting Manchester City on the same day.
Both sides will face Manchester's respective top-flight sides in their next batch of league action. Until then, it is goodbye for now! We hope you've enjoyed live coverage of this end-to-end clash between Forest and Burnley.
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League fixture, as Tottenham take on Sheffield United in both sides' first game back after the international break.
Sat second in the table behind reigning champions Manchester City after four games, Spurs have won their last three on the bounce, scoring nine goals and conceding just two, which came in the 5-2 defeat of Burnley prior to the international break.
Still searching for their first win, Sheffield United secured their first point of the season in a 2-2 draw with Everton last time out. It’s been a tough start for the Blades, who lost their first three games, but with several new signings made before the international break, they could be an entirely different proposition this time around.
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Destiny Udogie; Pape Matar Sarr, Yves Bissouma; Dejan Kulusevski, James Maddison, Manor Solomon; Son Heung-Min.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Fraser Forster, Oliver Skipp, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Richarlison, Emerson Royal, Ivan Perisic, Eric Dier, Brennan Johnson, Ben Davies.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-5-2): Wes Foderingham; Anel Ahmedhodzic, Chris Basham, Jack Robinson; Jayden Bogle, Vinicius Souza, James McAtee, Gustavo Hamer, Luke Thomas; Oliver McBurnie, Cameron Archer.
SHEFFIELD UNITED SUBS: Adam Davies, Auston Trusty, Benie Traore, Oliver Norwood, Tom Davies, Anis Ben Slimane, Yasser Larouci, Femi Seriki.
Ange Postecoglou’s XI is unchanged from the side that swept aside Burnley, with captain Son Heung-Min continuing to lead the line following a hat-trick at Turf Moor. The big inclusion is on the bench, with deadline-day signing Brennan Johnson likely to come on and make his Tottenham debut.
There’s a whole host of changes in the Sheffield United team though, with Jayden Bogle, captain Chris Basham, and loan signings Luke Thomas and James McAtee all coming into the XI for Paul Heckingbottom’s side.
Here come the teams at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, and we're nearly ready for kick-off in north London!
McBurnie kicks the game off for Sheffield United, and we're underway here!
Sarr catches his goalkeeper wildly off-guard with a wayward back-pass, and Vicario can't keep the ball in play as Spurs gift Sheffield United the first corner of the match!
Spurs did the league double over Sheffield United the last time they faced in 2020-21, having won just two of their previous 11 against the Blades.
Maddison attempts to pick out Son with a diagonal ball into the box, but the pass is poor and Robinson easily cuts it out for the Blades.
Hamer dispossesses Udogie and charges into the final third, but Van de Ven races back into position and wins the ball back on the edge of his own box.
Tottenham have won seven of their last eight Premier League matches against newly promoted sides, although the exception was their last such home game, when they were defeated 3-2 by Bournemouth in April. Spurs haven't lost successive home league games to promoted sides since a run of three in September 1994.
SAVED!!! The first real chance of any note goes Tottenham's way! Some nice touches on the edge of the box from Solomon and Maddison open up space for Sarr, whose low drive from 20 yards is saved and held by Foderingham!
Ahmedhodzic drives forward from central defence and makes it all the way into Spurs' box. He tries to square for Archer, but the ball is cut out by Sarr who passes back for Vicario to clear.
BLOCKED!!! Hamer strides into the Spurs box where he finds McBurnie, but the Scot's well-struck effort is blocked by the back of Romero!
Maddison turns brilliantly to find Son ahead of him in the box, but a poor first touch from the South Korean allows Foderingham to dive on the loose ball!
Sheffield United have lost 14 of their 15 previous Premier League matches against sides starting the day in the top two, with the only exception a 2-1 win away at Manchester United in January 2021.
A sensational drop of the shoulder from Maddison allows him to turn into space and head towards goal. He spreads the play right for Porro to cross, but the right-back's ball in is easily cleared by Souza for Sheffield United.
Kulusevski cuts inside to swing a cross into the box, but a far-post header from the arriving Sarr doesn't have the power necessary to trouble Foderingham.
WHAT A STOP!!! Spurs pile numbers forward and Kulusevski tees up Bissouma on the edge of the box. The Malian midfielder dances through the stretched defence to find himself one-on-one with Foderingham, but the final shot is saved and held at the goalkeeper's front post!
SAVED!!! Spurs are in total control at the moment. Maddison can't find shooting space on the edge of the area, but Son does and sends a curling effort towards the far corner, which is heading for goal before Foderingham dives across to tip the effort around the outside of the post!
SAVED!!! Both goalkeepers come to their sides' rescue! Bogle sprints down the right to keep Basham's long ball forward in play, and finds McAtee arriving late in the box. His first-time effort looks bound for the bottom corner, but Vicario sticks out a leg to parry the ball away!
Maddison wins a free-kick on halfway and strides forward after taking it quickly. He's got ample space to shoot in, but his final effort from the edge of the area is woeful, and he drags the disappointing shot straight into Foderingham's gloves.
Maddison scoops an inside pass towards Bissouma, who immediately clips the ball forward to Son. He's dispossessed by Ahmedhodzic before he can pull the trigger though, but was correctly called offside regardless of the outcome.
SAVED!! Solomon beats his man and cuts inside from the left and rushes across the edge of the box, looking to pick his spot. He finally lets fly with a shot back across the face of goal, which is saved and held well by Foderingham!
Basham drags Maddison off the ball in an attempt to win it back, but the free-kick against him is immediately blown and the first yellow card of the game soon follows.
Spurs have only once won more points from their first fixtures of a Premier League season than the 10 they have this term (12 in 2009-10). Victory here would see the hosts reach 13 points in five games, a record they haven't managed in a league campaign since 1965-66.
Maddison goes down just inside the box after receiving Porro's square pass, but the referee's not convinced and calls play on!
SAVED! Sarr finds open space down the left and passes centrally to Maddison, who twists and turns away from Souza before firing a left-footed shot straight at the goalkeeper!
Foderingham is down nursing a knock alongside the Sheffield United medical team, and they'll all be hoping that the Blades goalkeeper can continue here as the rest of his team-mates take in water on the sideline.
Foderingham is cleared to carry on, and that'll be a relief for Paul Heckingbottom, who will no doubt be wanting to save his substitutions for the second half as the Blades try to keep pace with Spurs.
Solomon beats Bogle down the left-hand side and crosses into the middle. Son rises high, but miscalculates his header entirely and sends the ball rolling miles wide of the target!
WIDE!!! How has he missed that one? Good work down the left from Solomon once more sees him beat his man before crossing low. Maddison is the recipient and fires an early shot across the face, but it rolls agonisingly wide of the unguarded net and behind!
Archer is caught offside and deliberately delays Romero taking the free-kick, earning himself a needless yellow card from the referee's pocket.
Porro tees up Kulusevski in the box, but the Swedish winger's shot from a tight angle is blocked by Robinson. The ball comes back to Porro, who crosses into the area, but it's too high for any of his team-mates to connect with and goes out for a throw!
Wow! Foderingham is a lucky, lucky man there! As a bouncing ball heads towards the edge of his box, the Blades goalkeeper taps it back towards him with his hands. He's clearly out of the area when he does so and Kulusevski protests, but Foderingham is let off with just a yellow card!
We'll play three additional minutes to close out the first half in north London.
WIDE!! From the free-kick, Maddison lays the ball off to Kulusevski, who shoots first time and sees his effort take a crucial deflection and flash wide of the far post!
Maddison scoops a lobbed pass into the box with Porro chasing hard, but the Spurs right-back can't quite reach the ball before Foderingham claims it!
SAVED!!! The Blades win a corner right at the end of the half thanks to good work by Bogle, and McBurnie is the recipient of McAtee's delivery. His free header is goalbound, but Vicario sees it all the way and is able to make the save!
HALF-TIME: TOTTENHAM 0-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED.
No goals to speak of at the break, but that's not for the lack of trying from the hosts, who have thrown absolutely everything at the Blades to no avail. Spurs have created chance after chance but finished none of them, with Foderingham denying Sarr, Bissouma, Son, Solomon and Maddison. The latter and Kulusevski have also fired wide from close range with the ball seemingly refusing to go in for Spurs, while Sheffield United's two chances for McAtee and McBurnie have given a glimpse into the what the consequences could be if Postecoglou's men can't put this game to bed.
Maddison has orchestrated Spurs' attack with great effect so far, with the vast majority of their 12 first-half chances going through him. He's had three shots himself, two of which were on target from 11 final-third entries; and in this area of the pitch, he's completed 23 passes, creating big chances with two of them. The former Leicester playmaker has been increasingly difficult to knock off the ball, winning six of his seven duels and both of his dribbles, as well as winning three free-kicks in attacking positions for his side.
The teams return to the pitch, and can Spurs make their dominance count as Son kicks off the second half?
WIDE!!! Udogie races down the left before cutting the ball back to the centre. Sarr is then teed up on the edge of the box, where he drills a first-time effort wide of the mark!
Foderingham and Van de Ven collide in the six-yard box following a save from a Spurs corner, and their Dutch centre-back is shown a yellow card for his part in the challenge.
Sheffield United have failed to score a first-half goal for the fourth of their five games this season. That's second only to Crystal Palace's five, but after the first 45 minutes of this game, the Blades will just be happy that there's also a zero on the other side of the scoreline.
The Blades break as Archer comes forward with the ball, before releasing it when support arrives. McBurnie looks to put Souza in behind, but the pass is overhit and Van de Ven cleans up for the hosts.
Maddison turns his marker to sprint into the opposition half, before releasing Kulusevski to his right. The Swede cuts inside and looks to cross from the byline, but the ball goes behind for a corner after Robinson intervenes to block.
McBurnie slides in from behind and catches Solomon late, getting none of the ball but instead receiving a yellow card.
BLOCKED!!! From Maddison's free-kick, the loose ball drops to Son but his effort is blocked. Spurs recycle possession though, and again it comes to Kulusevski, who beats Robinson before his final shot is deflected behind off the Blades defender!
Kulusevski sets off on another run, looking to latch onto Sarr's pass forward, but Thomas gets back for Sheffield United and sweeps the ball away for a throw-in.
Another Spurs corner is half-cleared by the Blades, but Bissouma keeps the ball alive on the edge of the box. Dribbling into the area, he cuts back inside and crosses to Romero, but the defender's header is way off-target as it sails wide.
Solomon cuts onto his right foot and lets fly from the edge of the box, but his curling effort whistles wide of the far post to give Sheffield United yet another reprieve! We're beyond the hour mark now, and the longer this game wears on, Spurs' chances to find the crucial opener will soon start to run out.
The Blades win a free-kick which Robinson attempts to take quickly, but he does so by deliberately knocking the ball into the offside Son and is shown a yellow card for time-wasting!
Bissouma goes down in the box under Souza's challenge, but the referee isn't budged and the hosts' wait for a golden chance to score will continue!
WIDE!! Another penalty shout, this time for Son, goes astray for Spurs, but they keep the ball alive through Kulusevski. He darts across the edge of the box before threading the ball into Solomon's feet, but he rushes his shot and blazes the ball over the bar!
Maddison's been shown a yellow card for something, likely for complaining to the referee after another penalty shout didn't go his side's way!
SAVED!!! The Blades come forward on a rare counter-attack and McAtee is played in by Archer, but he can't get enough power behind his first-time shot to trouble Vicario!
Porro, Maddison and Kulusevski all combine down the right, but the shot from the latter takes a deflection which makes the save an easy one for Foderingham.
Solomon slips and loses out to McBurnie, but he's immediately taken to ground by the Tottenham winger, who is shown a yellow card by the referee.
McAtee's picked up a knock and won't be risked further as Oliver Norwood replaces him. It's a shame for the Manchester City loanee, who has been one of the Blades' brightest performers in this one.
Spurs maintained a massive 73.8 per cent possession early in the second half, and have already fired off 19 shots, higher than their league average of 18.2 so far this season.
GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!! Tear up your scripts, Sheffield United have taken the lead!!! A long throw from the right is launched into the box by Robinson. It's allowed to bounce, and that gives Hamer all the time he needs to smash a low shot across the face, off the post, and into the back of the net! For all their chance, Spurs trail 1-0, and a mammoth result may just be unfolding in north London!
Robinson's long throw created all sorts of problems, and Spurs' hesitation gifted Hamer with a glorious chance to break the deadlock.
Sheffield United have avoided defeat in their last seven Premier League matches when opening the scoring, dating back to a December 2020 win against Manchester United.
Kulusevski attempts to whip another curling shot towards goal, but his effort takes a slight deflection and sails behind for a corner.
WIDE!!! From the corner, Solomon tries a similar shot from the opposite side, but his effort too whistles beyond the far post and behind!
Spurs need to find a way back into this game, and fast, and they'll look to new signing Brennan Johnson, replacing Son, to produce some magic on his debut.
Sarr is also withdrawn by Postecoglou, with Richarlison sent on to add more depth in the attacking positions.
Ivan Perisic also enters the fray to complete a triple change, and he'll replace Solomon for the hosts.
Hamer's goal is the difference for the Blades so far, and the former Coventry midfielder is withdrawn now for Tom Davies to see the game out.
BALL IN THE NET!! The substitutes' immediate impact is chalked off! Johnson bursts into the box and beats Robinson before squaring to Richarlison. He taps the ball into an empty net, but play is brought back after the referee rules that Robinson was fouled in the build-up!
Sheffield United have won just one of their last nine away league games against Tottenham, picking up a 1-0 victory at White Hart Lane in November 1991. What a time to break that record this could be!
Bissouma wants Sheffield United, and the referee, to get on with the game, but his pleas are met only by the raising of a yellow card.
Bogle is injured in a tackle and despite doing his best to carry on, is taken off for Auston Trusty to see out the game in his position.
DENIED!!! Another ball in the net, but once again it won't count! Johnson brings down a cross-field ball from Bissouma in the box and shows great composure to thump it into the roof of the net, but he's correctly flagged offside and the search for the equaliser will continue!
Porro swings a first-time cross towards Richarlison at the far post, but the Brazilian's header is always rising as it flashes over the top!
SAVED!!! Foderingham to the rescue once again! Kulusevski and Porro play a one-two in the box, and the winger shoots upon receiving the return ball. It's from a tight angle, but Foderingham still has plenty to do as he parries it past his near post!
We're into 12, yes TWELVE MINUTES of added time here - strap in for what's going to be a wild ride as Tottenham do their upmost to turn this game around!
Davies chases a long Sheffield United clearance with Porro, and both stumble as they try to get to the ball. The Spurs defender comes out on top, but not for long as he's scythed down by Davies, who is shown the most textbook of yellow cards.
Porro comes off for Emerson Royal to take the reins at right-back, and he'll be given license to come forward as often as possible for a Spurs side rapidly running out of time.
Van de Ven's off too, and midfielder Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg replaces the centre-back for a Spurs side who will throw everything they have at the Blades from here.
Perisic cuts inside to whip a dangerous cross into the box, but a towering header from Ahmedhodzic knocks the ball clear of the danger area!
GOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! Third. Time. Lucky!!! Another late Spurs corner is swung into the box by Perisic, and this time it's on the money, as Richarlison rises at the front post to head beyond Foderingham and into the back of the net!! 1-1 in the dying minutes, but this game could still have one final twist in store!
Perisic's corner was exactly where Richarlison wanted it, and the Brazilian did the rest to finally get the goal Spurs have been searching for nearly 100 minutes of football!
GOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! Oh my goodness!!! Spurs win it right at the death, and what a way to do it! Possession is won in the final third and comes to Richarlison. He cuts it back to Kulusevski, who sets himself before slamming the ball into the top-left corner, and pandemonium ensues! The stadium is absolutely bouncing to its very foundations as Spurs take a late, late 2-1 lead, and they've somehow snatched victory from the jaws of defeat!
The composure there from Richarlison was absolutely sensational, giving Kulusevski the time and space he needed to pick his spot - and boy, did he ever!
Perisic is penalised with a caution for a stray elbow on Basham, giving the Blades a free-kick, but they're caught offside from the ball into the box and the entire stadium breathes a massive sigh of relief!
HE'S OFF!! McBurnie's not happy with the referee's decision there, and tells him as much. The referee responds with a second yellow card for the striker, who is sent off and leaves Sheffield United down to 10 men!
The referee hoists another yellow card aloft, this time for Richarlison, after the striker sprints across to get involved in a fracas on the touchline that had absolutely nothing to do with him.
FULL-TIME: TOTTENHAM 2-1 SHEFFIELD UNITED.
What a finish to this Premier League fixture, as 117 pulsating minutes end with three Tottenham points. Well into stoppage time, Spurs were 1-0 down thanks to Gustavo Hamer's well-taken opener in the 73rd minute, but a raft of late substitutions made all the impact late on. The game was thrown into chaos after Richarlison equalised for Spurs, and he popped up again two minutes later to set up Dejan Kulusevski's winner. With the Spurs fans in a frenzy and both sets of players out on their feet, three more yellow cards, including a second for Oli McBurnie, were shown, as Spurs held on in a 2-1 win which will live long in the memory.
Richarlison's introduction late in the game proved to be the difference-maker for Ange Postecoglou, as the Brazilian bagged the goal and assist which rescued the points. Brought on with just 10 minutes of normal time to go, Richarlison headed home an equaliser with just 0.12 xG behind it, and laid on the assist for Kulusevski's winner with his only key pass. Three of five aerial duels won in just over 25 minutes on the pitch was crucial for keeping the ball deep in the final third, and that late cameo is the exact performance Richarlison needed to re-gain confidence in his football.
Spurs' late rescue of the game means a fourth straight victory, and continues their unbeaten start to stay second in the table. At the other end, a fourth defeat in five leaves Sheffield United in 17th, ahead of Everton in the bottom three on goal difference only. We're off now, after that rollercoaster of a game, but with both of these sides back in action before too long, we'll see you for the next one.
Hello everyone and welcome to live text coverage of the Premier League clash between West Ham and Manchester City.
The London Stadium plays host to two sides protecting unbeaten starts to the Premier League season. Man City have won all four of their matches, while West Ham have won three and drawn one of their four games so far.
WEST HAM (4-1-4-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Kurt Zouma, Nayef Aguerd, Emerson; Edson Alvarez; Jarrod Bowen, Tomas Soucek, James Ward-Prowse, Lucas Paqueta; Michail Antonio.
SUBS: Lukasz Fabianski, Aaron Cresswell, Pablo Fornals, Mohammed Kudus, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Danny Ings, Angelo Ogbonna, Said Benrahma, Thilo Kehrer.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-2-3-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Manuel Akanji, Ruben Dias, Josko Gvardiol; Rodri, Phil Foden; Bernardo Silva, Julian Alvarez, Jeremy Doku; Erling Haaland.
SUBS: Stefan Ortega, Scott Carson, Kalvin Phillips, Nathan Ake, Sergio Gomez, Matheus Nunes, Oscar Bobb, Rico Lewis.
David Moyes makes a single change from West Ham's win over Luton Town last time out. Soucek is back after concussion to replace Benrahma, who drops to the bench, while Ward-Prowse and Coufal also start. Mavropanos could make his debut as a substitute.
Meanwhile, Pep Guardiola makes two changes from the win over Fulham. Gvardiol and Silva are in for Ake and Kovacic, who joins Kevin De Bruyne, John Stones and Jack Grealish in the treatment room. New signing Nunes could make his debut from the bench.
City are unbeaten in their last 15 Premier League meetings with West Ham. The Hammers' only longer streak without victory was a 16-match spell against Manchester United between 1993 and 2001.
The teams make their way out onto the pitch and kick-off is fast approaching at the London Stadium.
The referee blows his whistle and City get us under way.
The reigning champions go straight onto the attack with some neat link-up play down the right. Walker finds Foden, who centres the ball, but it ricochets kindly into Areola's arms.
Good defending! Walker shows great vision to pick out Haaland, who looks to slip the ball through for Foden. But Coufal tracks his run well and makes an important sliding intervention.
City continue to ask questions of the West Ham defence. Doku gets away from Coufal and crosses, but Zouma is well-placed to head clear.
GREAT SAVES! Areola twice comes to West Ham's rescue! Foden's corner finds Rodri, whose powerful header is beaten away by Areola. A follow-up shot from Haaland is then cleared off the line, before the goalkeeper denies Dias from point-blank range.
West Ham did well to somehow survive that City corner. The hosts have Areola to thank, but Soucek was also alert in clearing off the line.
The Hammers are enjoying their joint-best start to a Premier League season, having also collected 10 points from their opening four games under Harry Redknapp back in 1999-2000.
It is great to see Guardiola back on the City bench today after his recent back operation. The Spaniard has never lost against West Ham in the Premier League.
HAALAND MISSES! He is human, you know! Doku teases defenders before slipping the ball through for Gvardiol, who drills it across the face of goal. Haaland is unmarked at the far post, but can only steer the ball wide from inside the six-yard box.
AGUERD SHOULD SCORE! West Ham force their first corner of the game. Bowen's delivery is flicked on at the near post by Soucek, but Aguerd cannot react quickly enough to apply the finishing touch in the six-yard box.
Doku has been lively so far. Receiving a diagonal ball from Akanji, he teases Coufal once more. The winger then goes for goal from a tight angle, but his shot is straight at Areola.
West Ham have conceded two or more goals in nine of their last 10 Premier League matches against the reigning champions. But the hosts have maintained their concentration levels so far to keep City at bay.
Foden receives the ball on the edge of the box and gets a shot away, but Zouma is well-placed to deflect it wide for a corner.
City are unbeaten in eight Premier League away games against West Ham, scoring 24 goals along the way and conceding just six.
West Ham threaten and Antonio is found, but Akanji shows great strength to dispossess the Hammers forward.
Sarcastic cheers echo around the London Stadium as Foden's attempted corner curls out of play. West Ham can relax for a moment with a goal-kick.
Rodri skips away from Edson Alvarez and shoots from the edge of the box. It is a clean strike, but straight at Areola.
City have dominated proceedings so far with over 70 per cent of the possession. But the visitors are still in search of the breakthrough.
There is a break in play as Antonio and Dias stay down following an aerial collision. But after taking a moment to gather themselves, both players are soon back on their feet.
Moyes does not boast a great record against City in recent times. The Scot claimed 40 of a possible 66 Premier League points from the Citizens during his time at Everton, but has won just two from 39 since then.
WARD-PROWSE!!! 1-0 WEST HAM! The hosts lead against the run of play! West Ham quickly break as Coufal exchanges passes with Bowen and gets away down the right. The full-back then provides a brilliant cross to the far post, where the unmarked Ward-Prowse buries a header.
Dispossessing Doku, Coufal burst into the action with a neat one-two with Bowen, before his delicious cross was headed home by Ward-Prowse.
Opening the scoring, Ward-Prowse has now been directly involved in a goal in each of his last six Premier League appearances. That is his best such streak in the English top flight.
Edson Alvarez throws the ball away to prevent City from taking a quick free-kick, and is booked.
There is a long way to go yet at the London Stadium. But as things stand, West Ham would leapfrog City to second place in the Premier League table.
OFF THE LINE! West Ham somehow survive! Once again, Doku teases Coufal and sends a low cross towards the far post. Haaland is unmarked and turns the ball towards goal, but Aguerd is alert to prevent it from creeping over the line.
City continue to seek the equaliser. Rodri lets fly from distance with a fierce effort that whistles fractionally wide of the target.
We are into the first of two additional minutes at the end of this first half. The visitors keep threatening, but West Ham remain stubborn.
Gvardiol catches Bowen late and has his name taken.
HALF-TIME: WEST HAM 1-0 MANCHESTER CITY
West Ham lead Manchester City 1-0 at the break. Although on the back foot for most of the first half, the Hammers broke the deadlock in the 36th minute with James Ward-Prowse heading home Vladimir Coufal's cross to continue his rich vein of form.
City trail at the London Stadium despite enjoying 64.1 per cent of the possession during the first half, while also registering 17 shots on goal to their opponents' three.
We are off and running again at the London Stadium.
DOKU!!! 1-1! CITY ARE LEVEL! After a brilliant first half, Doku makes a superb start to the second. Found by Julian Alvarez, he cuts inside and into the area before sweeping the ball into the far corner.
Julian Alvarez marauded forward into the West Ham half and played the ball out to Doku, who did the rest in sublime fashion.
What a start to the second half by City! The words of Guardiola are clearly still ringing in their ears. They are looking incredibly purposeful here.
City force a corner after Foden's shot deflects wide. The subsequent delivery eventually drops to Gvardiol, who cannot keep his volley down.
The visitors have a free-kick in a dangerous position after Edson Alvarez upends Rodri. This is a decent opportunity to turn the contest on its head.
OFF THE POST! The woodwork denies City! Julian Alvarez steps up and whips a wonderful effort towards the near corner, only to see his attempt crash against the post.
WHAT A SAVE! Areola denies Haaland! Rodri intercepts possession and drives forward before scooping the ball over the top of the defence for Haaland, whose acrobatic volley is beaten away by Areola.
Still, the goal eludes Haaland today. City's number nine has now had six shots on goal - more than any other player - without success. But he will continue to plug away.
West Ham turn defence into attack with Paqueta sending Antonio on his way. However, the latter's touch is too heavy and Ederson is quickly out to deny him.
City attack down the other end and Rodri tries his luck from distance. But his left-footed effort is high and wide of the target.
CHANCE! Silva whips a delicious ball into the box. Haaland attacks it, but can only head straight at Areola.
Great challenge! Emerson leads West Ham's charge with a powerful run into the heart of the City defence. But Akanji denies him a shot on goal with a brilliantly timed sliding tackle.
GOOD SAVE! Ward-Prowse's corner is met by Zouma, whose powerful header is well kept out by Ederson.
This is a thoroughly entertaining contest at the London Stadium. Both sides are providing plenty of attacking threat as they go in search of the game's third goal.
GOOD SAVE! Space opens for Gvardiol to let fly from distance. The full-back's effort takes a slight deflection, but Areola tracks the ball well and pushes it away.
Moyes is going to make a change. Kudus is introduced for the hosts with Antonio making way.
City make a change as well. Nunes comes on for his debut in place of Foden.
Benrahma also replaces Edson Alvarez, who is unable to continue after picking up a knock.
We are approaching the final 20 minutes at the London Stadium. Can either side find a winning goal, or are we set for a stalemate?
West Ham last beat City in the Premier League in September 2015. The Hammers have every chance of ending that wait here, but must maintain their performance levels.
The Hammers look to threaten down the left flank with Benrahma leading the charge. But Walker tracks him all the way and eventually snuffs out the danger.
SILVA!!! 2-1 CITY! The turnaround is complete! After Nunes' cross is cleared, City maintain the pressure. Silva latches onto Julian Alvarez's scooped pass, before clipping the ball beyond Areola.
Julian Alvarez provided the assist with a delightful lofted ball over the top of the West Ham defence.
The reigning champions hit the front at the London Stadium. It has been quite a battle for Guardiola's side today, but they have eventually edged their noses ahead.
Soucek is late on Akanji and goes into the book.
GREAT SAVE! Walker demonstrates his incredible pace as he beats Zouma to Silva's clever pass and bursts away down the right. He crosses for Haaland, but Areola once again denies City's number nine with tremendous reflexes.
That is now eight shots without success today for Haaland, though Areola has been in wonderful form to keep him at bay. He will keep trying, though.
HAALAND!!! 3-1 CITY! Haaland gets his goal! Silva is found by Julian Alvarez in acres of space on the right. The winger comes inside and picks out Haaland, who takes a touch before drilling past Areola.
Silva was afforded far too much space to come in from the right wing and pick out Haaland.
West Ham make two changes. One of them sees Kehrer replace Coufal.
Ings is also introduced by Moyes with Soucek making way.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try and try again! That has certainly been the case for Haaland, whose patience and persistence eventually pays dividends.
Rodri goes into the book for tripping Kudus.
Doku is given a well-earned rest as he goes off to be replaced by Gomez.
We are into the first of six additional minutes at the end of this game.
City in complete control as the clock ticks down towards what should be a fifth straight victory. The visitors neatly knock the ball around and maintain possession.
The visitors make a triple-change. Haaland is given a breather with Lewis coming on.
Gvardiol also makes way for City, with Ake on for the final moments.
The last of the changes sees Bobb replace Silva.
Paqueta has his name taken for a trip on Bobb.
FULL-TIME: WEST HAM 1-3 MANCHESTER CITY
Manchester City stay perfect and return to the top of the Premier League table after coming from behind to beat West Ham 3-1. The hosts took a first-half lead at the London Stadium through James Ward-Prowse's header. But the visitors responded as Jeremy Doku levelled within 60 seconds of the restart. Bernardo Silva then completed the turnaround in the 76th minute, before Erling Haaland sealed the points four minutes from time.
Both sides are in European action against Serbian opposition in midweek. City launch their Champions League title defence against Red Star Belgrade on Tuesday, while West Ham begin their Europa League campaign against Backa Topola two days later.
That's all for today. Thank you for joining us. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the 2023-24 Premier League season, as Liverpool look to seize top spot - on a temporary basis at least - against Wolves at Molineux!
The Reds have made an unbeaten start to the new league term despite the departure of several key faces during the transfer window, but with Mohamed Salah kept from the clutches of the Saudi Pro League, they have ensured their firepower remains.
Jurgen Klopp’s side will not underestimate their hosts either, despite a ropey start under Gary O’Neil. The former Bournemouth boss, dismissed after keeping the Cherries afloat this time, has just one win from his first four league games in charge.
Wolves will certainly hope they can call on the spirit of last season’s home performance against Liverpool, when they produced an impressive 3-0 victory against their visitors. A similar result today would raise some eyebrows given they have struggled over the first few weeks.
There are two changes to the starting line-up for Wolves from the side who lost to Crystal Palace before the international break. Hwang Hee-chan is recalled to the XI, while there is a debut in midfield for deadline day signing Jeanricner Bellegarde.
Liverpool meanwhile make an eye-catching inclusion of their own, with Jarell Quansah handed his first start in the Premier League. The 20-year-old academy defender gets the nod with Virgil van Dijk out through suspension and Trent Alexander-Arnold out through injury.
WOLVES (4-3-3): Jose Sa; Nelson Semedo, Craig Dawson, Max Kilman, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Jeanricner Bellegarde, Mario Lemina, Joao Gomes; Pedro Neto, Matheus Cunha, Hwang Hee-chan.
Subs: Dan Bentley, Matt Doherty, Boubacar Traore, Fabio Silva, Hugo Bueno, Sasa Kalajdzic, Tommy Doyle, Pablo Sarabia, Toti Gomes.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Alisson; Joe Gomez, Jarell Quansah, Joel Matip, Andy Robertson; Dominik Szoboszlai, Alexis Mac Allister, Curtis Jones; Mohamed Salah, Cody Gakpo, Diogo Jota.
Subs: Caoimhin Kelleher, Wataru Endo, Ibrahima Konate, Luis Diaz, Darwin Nunez, Harvey Elliott, Kostas Tsimikas, Ryan Gravenberch, Stefan Bajcetic.
Liverpool have won 12 of their last 13 Premier League games against Wolves, with the exception their loss here last season. The historic form book is with them.
Wolves have scored just 12 goals in their last 23 league games against Liverpool, with a quarter of those strikes coming in last season's 3-0 home win.
The teams are out at Molineux and we are moments away from kick-off.
We are underway in this Premier League clash between Wolves and Liverpool!
A lively start from the hosts wins them a corner on the left flank. Their visitors defend though, and then Szoboszlai is alert to the repeat break down the wing a moment later.
There is an obvious fragility to the defensive line touted by Liverpool today, which likely means they will push for attack themselves. Szoboszlai sprays a low cross straight to Sa on the break.
An early booking at Molineux, with Mac Allister cited four minutes in. He misplaces a pass, picked off by the Wolves midfield, and is then shown a yellow card for bringing down Cunha.
Liverpool ably defend the spell of self-inflicted pressure, but these are promising signs for Wolves. There has not been too much to cheer about for their fans this term.
GOAL! WOLVES SEIZE THE LEAD! 1-0! Just like that, Molineux erupts! The hosts turn defence into attack and break down the left flank. Neto snakes his way through a line of defenders, and squares across the six-yard area to find Hwang, who pushes it in at the far post!
Take nothing away from the finish by Hwang, but that is all Neto. He holds up the ball on the flank, then darts through a gap in the Liverpool defence that ruthlessly exposes the holes there to be poked. It is a superb assist.
The hosts could not have asked for a better start there, could they? The combination of the veteran Gomez and the fresh-faced Quansah have been tested here, and come away wanting. It could be a long day at the back for Liverpool.
Neto! Oh, a golden chance to double the lead now, as a neat Wolves break down the right cuts Liverpool open again. The last man before the winger gets a crucial touch though, and he botches his attempt, sticking it into the stands.
Contrasting figures are cut between Jurgen Klopp and Gary O’Neil, and no wonder. It’s a sucker-punch start for the former and a glorious phase for the latter. Will it stick though?
Liverpool have had few real sniffs at goal so far, but Jota now sends the ball screaming into orbit on the volley. The Reds could do with finding a way out of their own half more often.
The Reds seek to turn defence into attack now, bursting away from their own box after defending a Wolves corner. A neat throughball just trickles away from Gakpo in the final play.
There’s a silkiness seldom seen among Wolves this term to the way they are playing now. They have a speed and poise about them that has been in short supply.
Now the hosts embark on the break again, and it is another bit of superb work from Neto. He gets away from his man again, but opts to try his luck from outside the box after Liverpool recover to shut him down, just hooking it wide at the near post.
Wolves have won just two of their last 37 Premier League games when they've conceded at least one goal (D8 L27), winning 2-1 at Everton and Southampton last season. They're winless in their last 14 when failing to keep a clean sheet (D3 L11).
Liverpool are working to pin down Neto now, with the Wolves man forming a huge part of their offensive engine. Their efforts look like they might start to pay off.
Gakpo pulls the foul from Kilman now, and Liverpool drive the free-kick straight into the Wolves box. The defence proves more than capable however, and sees it back to halfway.
Sa has not had much to do across the opening quarter of this game, but a looping cross from Gomez falls to his gloves now as he reaches off his line, shutting down the snooping Liverpool attack.
Another sensational bit of play from Wolves! A Liverpool corner has them pinned back, but they spin matters around and break superbly again. It is only a botched back-pass that undoes their work.
Robertson does well to deny Hwang a chance, after the Wolves forward brought down a superb ball floated across the box. He concedes a corner in the process, and Liverpool handle it once more.
Another Wolves attack, another corner won. That’s four for the hosts, against just one for the visitors. This time, it finds Dawson at the far post, where he steers a broad header wide.
Oh, Wolves will wonder how that is not a second goal! Neto is the man with the invention again, turning Gomez inside out before chopping a ball to the far post. Cunha is there, and with the goal gaping, gets his body position all wrong and lets Liverpool off the hook.
The Reds prod their way down the left flank, but come up with nothing once again. Wolves have done an effective job, broadly speaking, in muzzling the threat offered by that fearsome frontline.
But that is more like it from the visitors! Robertson returns a cross through the heart of the box, seeking Gakpo. The forward can’t control the rocket and makes a mistouch, but the build-up draws applause from Klopp on the sidelines.
Neto has been an absolute menace on the left wing now, and he does it once again, opening up the space. A box full of Wolves players arrive in support, but despite the great ball in again, they cannot shape a serious chance.
Liverpool are unbeaten in their last 15 Premier League games (W10 D5), the longest ongoing run in the competition. That streak is under threat today.
There’s going to be two added minutes, by the looks of things. Liverpool will want a blow to counter late on here.
What drama in the box for Wolves! Sa makes a cracking stop as Liverpool have several strikes on goal, with players from both sides hurling themselves around, to and fro. It is the goalkeeper with the crucial touch to preserve the scoreline in the end.
HALF-TIME: WOLVES 1-0 LIVERPOOL
Hwang Hee-chan’s early strike is the difference at Molineux, but it has been the Pedro Neto show as Wolves lead Liverpool in the Premier League. The winger has been an irrepressible force and his side are worthy of their lead thanks to his efforts. At half-time, it is Wolves 1-0 Liverpool.
Before today, only Everton (152) have attempted more presses in the Premier League than Liverpool this season (151). That has not helped them here though.
Liverpool make one change ahead of the restart, with the booked Mac Allister replaced by Diaz.
We are back underway in this Premier League clash between Wolves and Liverpool. Will the Reds find their footing with the addition of new firepower? Or can the hosts hang on for a major win?
A near-instant impact from Diaz! He powers a header wide at the near post after meeting a switchback cross tucked in from the left side of the box. That’s more like it for Liverpool.
The introduction of Diaz adds a different dimension to the Liverpool attack, a shape that is almost immediately clear from his darting moves. Wolves already look a little stretched.
Semedo draws the foul off Diaz now though, to ease some pressure. The crowd inside Molineux has been purring in appreciation all day long.
There’s no spark from Neto, the star of the first half, yet for the hosts. Is he keeping his powder dry? Or has the introduction of Diaz allowed Liverpool to keep the ball away from his area of the field?
GOAL! LIVERPOOL LEVEL THINGS UP! 1-1! The equaliser felt more likely than a second for Wolves, and so it tells. Salah cuts a path around the right edge of the box, and tips the low ball through, with Gakpo there to tuck home at the left post. Game on!
Wolves will be fuming with themselves there, in no small part given the number of bodies they had around Salah. As always, the star man finds a way to escape the press and deliver the assist.
It is Gakpo's last act too, as Liverpool make their second change of the game. He is replaced by Nunez.
The Reds make a third change too, bringing on Elliott for Jota.
Having been on top - comfortably so, to a point - in the first half, the tables have turned for Wolves now. They have some work to do to arrest the momentum Liverpool are building.
Wolves make their first change now, as goalscorer Hwang is replaced by Doherty.
The hosts make a second change too, with Cunha replaced by Silva.
Nunez cuts in off the left flank and carries the ball around the defence towards the near post. He cannot get the ball through to a fellow Liverpool man though, and Wolves clear their lines.
Concerns for the hosts now, with Ait-Nouri down in his own box, needing treatment for his leg. That might be his game done.
Wolves make a third change with the injured Ait-Nouri off and Bueno on in his place.
Elliott opts to go for power, and sees his shot from outside the box blocked. Liverpool feel like they might have the third goal of this game in them.
Nunez with the chance! It forces a save from Sa, and a collective breath is exhaled around Molineux. That could have been the chance.
Semedo picks up the latest booking of the game now. Things are getting a little testy out there.
Szoboszlai, who faded as the first half wore on, has a little more spark about him in this half. He draws back-to-back fouls and helps Liverpool slow the game down.
Now Szoboszlai has a chance himself, firing from distance. It is high and wide to the left, curling away from the top corner of the goal frame and somewhere into the stands behind.
Wolves make their fourth change, with Bellegarde ending his debut and Doyle on in his place.
The hosts also make their fifth change, with Traore on for Lemina.
Wolves think they have a shout for a penalty, after a shot cracked into the box appears to deflect off Matip’s arm. The defender has it close to his body however, and no call for further action comes from VAR.
Klopp is in something of a rage down on the sidelines, as Quansah sits on his haunches. It looks like the youngster might be ending his game here with a leg issue.
Liverpool make their fourth change, with Quansah replaced by Konate.
GOAL! LIVERPOOL SEIZE A LATE LEAD! 2-1! Smash-and-grab hysteria from the Reds as Robertson sinks an almighty one-two play to put his side in front! Sa botches a kick straight to the defender, who plays Salah down the right, before the forward cuts the ball back in for the former to finish at close-range!
Double assists for Salah, and he delays his ball there wonderfully, waiting for the man to pop up in the box. He probably did not expect it to be Robertson, mind you!
Almost 3-1 now! Liverpool tear away again, and Salah lays on the ball to the middle once more. Diaz gets in a tangle and comes down on the wrong side of it in the end. So close to the deal-breaker for the Reds.
What a turnaround it is for Liverpool though. They were not buried at the break, but they had been certainly outclassed. Now, through two assists from their talisman, they look set to take three points back to Anfield. Wolves will feel hard done to have nothing to show.
GOAL! LIVERPOOL ADD ANOTHER! 3-1! It will go down as a Bueno own goal, deflected in at the right post by the Wolves man, but the work is that of Elliott, who drives Salah's cross low through the crowded box. The youngster leaps over the barriers and is in the crowd!
No surprise, but that is a booking for Elliott after he joins the Liverpool supporters who have made the trip down. The Reds have turned this one around superbly.
Yellow Card Curtis Julian Jones
Salah makes way in the final change for Liverpool, with Gravenberch on in his place.
Wolves will pick through the bones of this one with a rather desolate air, you imagine. At half-time, the sky looked to be the limit. Neto, after a brilliant first half, has been muzzled here, his supply cut off.
Liverpool, on the other hand, will take plenty away, though they will likely recall the ease with which they were opened up in the first half too. Better sides than Wolves would have converted more of those chances.
Elliott’s excursions means we are past the allotted period of added time now. There won’t be too long left.
FULL-TIME: WOLVES 1-3 LIVERPOOL
Strikes for Cody Gakpo and Andy Robertson, plus a late Hugo Bueno own goal, help Liverpool come from behind to deny Wolves as they claim victory in the Premier League. A pair of key assists from Mohamed Salah helped end the threat offered by Pedro Neto and the hosts; the points go back to Anfield. Full-time at Molineux, it finishes Wolves 1-3 Liverpool.
Jurgen Klopp was down the tunnel very fast at half-time. Now, he can soak in the result of a job well done, as his side turn things around for another victory. They remain unbeaten in the top-flight this term and go top of the table, for now.
Spare a thought for Wolves though. Strong in the first half, and then ultimately overran after the break, they arguably deserved a closer scoreline, and maybe even a point. Gary O’Neil has much he can build on here.
Wolves must wait a week now for their next clash, against promoted Luton Town. For Liverpool though, the Europa League beckons, with a trip to LASK on Thursday. Until then, thank you and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the North London derby between Arsenal and Tottenham at the Emirates Stadium.
These fierce rivals meet in the Premier League for the first time this season, the latest edition of a derby that seems to always produce thrilling encounters. The Gunners currently hold the bragging rights, finishing 24 points and six places above Spurs last term while winning both of the meetings between the sides, and they have enjoyed another strong start to this campaign, currently unbeaten and in the top four.
The Ange Postecoglou era at Spurs has had a brilliant opening, with the former Celtic boss taking four wins from his first five Premier League games in charge to put his new side second in the standings. This is their biggest test yet, though, so it will be interesting to see how Postecoglou's side fare.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Fabio Vieira; Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Jesus, Eddie Nketiah.
SUBS: Reiss Nelson, Emile Smith Rowe, Kai Havertz, Takehiro Tomiyasu, Aaron Ramsdale, Cedric Soares, Jorginho, Jakub Kiwior, Mohamed Elneny.
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Destiny Udogie; Pape Sarr, Yves Bissouma; Dejan Kulusevski, James Maddison, Son Heung-min; Brennan Johnson.
SUBS: Fraser Forster, Eric Dier, Alejo Veliz, Ben Davies, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Oliver Skipp, Richarlison, Manor Solomon, Emerson.
Mikel Arteta makes two changes from the side that hammered PSV 4-0 in midweek as Vieira and Nketiah come in for Havertz and Leandro Trossard, the latter of whom misses out altogether after picking up a knock in training. Gabriel Martinelli is also absent as Raya retains his place between the sticks.
Postecoglou goes with just the one alteration from the starting XI that came back in dramatic fashion to beat Sheffield United last time out as Johnson makes his full debut, with Solomon dropping to the bench. Ivan Perisic suffered a serious knee injury in training and looks like he will miss the rest of the season.
The two teams make their way onto the pitch ahead of the North London derby!
The visitors kick us off and we are under way!
NO GOAL! Tottenham have an early strike ruled out as Bissouma's shot is turned home by Son from close range, with the flag immediately going up for offside.
The big challenges are flying in already, exactly what you would expect from such a heated derby. Which side will keep their heads the better?
Romero is perhaps fortunate to avoid a booking as he crunches through the back of Jesus in midfield. The referee Robert Jones opts to keep his cards in his pockets.
Arsenal have won four of their last five Premier League games against Tottenham (one loss), as many victories as they had in their previous 16 against them beforehand.
The game is yet to get into a real rhythm with lots of scrappy fouls disrupting the flow. The referee has been a busy man so far.
Tottenham have won just one of their last 30 Premier League away games against Arsenal (D11 L18), and are winless in 12 since a 3-2 victory in November 2010.
WHAT A SAVE! Saka's deep cross picks out Jesus at the back post, and the Brazil international fires towards goal first time. The effort is from a difficult angle but looks to be flying in, until Vicario manages to palm it wide.
Udogie takes out Saka and receives a booking.
Odegaard is given a yellow card for dissent.
Vicario makes another big stop as Nketiah latches onto Udogie's misplaced pass, beating away the striker's powerful effort from a tight angle.
Porro fires a dangerous delivery across the face of goal, but White is well-placed to make a vital intervention and prevent Son tapping in at the back post.
This is the first time that the North London derby has featured just one player aged 30+ across both starting line-ups in the Premier League since March 2016.
The Gunners have probably shaded the opening period of this game, which is yet to really get going.
No player has had fewer touches than Son so far in this match (two). Spurs' key attacking players have not really been in this game to this point, though the same could be said for Arsenal's.
GOAL!!! ARSENAL ARE AHEAD!!! It comes from a huge slice of luck as Saka cuts onto his left foot before curling towards goal from outside the box. The ball looks to be heading wide, but Romero's block inadvertently sends the ball in a different direction, completely wrongfooting Vicario and flying in to put the Gunners 1-0 up!
How will the visitors respond to falling behind? They have to get their big players more into the game, with Maddison and Son yet to make a real impact.
Van de Ven makes an important intervention to head behind and deny Saka adding a second at the back post.
BIG CHANCE! Jesus spurns a golden opportunity to put his team 2-0 up. After receiving the ball from Vicario in his own box, Maddison is caught in possession by Jesus. However, the Arsenal man cannot punish Maddison's error as he blazes over from a position where he really should have hit the target at least.
Arsenal have been on top since the opening goal, and Arteta will be keen for his side to score a second to further tighten their grip on this game.
Romero is the fourth Tottenham player to score an own goal against North London rivals Arsenal in the Premier League, after Chris Armstrong, Kevin Wimmer, and Hugo Lloris - all four of these own goals put the Gunners 1-0 ahead.
Space opens up for Odegaard to let fly from outside the box, but he cannot replicate his brilliant long-range strike against PSV in midweek as Vicario makes an easy save.
WHAT A SAVE!!! Raya preserves his side's lead with a quite brilliant stop. Son cuts the ball back for Johnson, and the former Nottingham Forest man's first-time shot looks to be flying into the back of the net to level. However, Raya somehow leaps to his right and claws the ball away from danger.
Arsenal are unbeaten in their last 38 Premier League games when they have scored the opening goal (won 34, drawn four) since a 2-1 defeat to Manchester City in January 2022.
GOAL!!! SON LEVELS FOR SPURS!!! Having just seen a close-range effort denied by Raya, the Arsenal goalkeeper has no chance with the forward's second attempt. The visitors recycle the ball and Maddison cuts the ball back for Son, before the South Korea international keeps his composure to turn in and make it 1-1 at the Emirates Stadium!
Maddison laid the ball back for Son to place into the far corner.
Spurs have conceded the opening goal in each of their previous two Premier League games, despite going on to win both games. Can they come back to take three points again here?
There will be four minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
Sarr receives a booking for cynically pulling back Jesus as the Gunners looked to counter.
Bissouma is then given a yellow card for dissent.
Excluding penalties, Son has either scored (five) or assisted (two) seven of Tottenham's last nine Premier League goals against Arsenal.
HALF-TIME: ARSENAL 1-1 TOTTENHAM
The two sets of players head back to the changing rooms with the scoreline 1-1 at the Emirates Stadium. Arsenal went ahead in the 26th minute, Saka cutting in and shooting on his left foot before Romero's attempt to block inadvertently sent the ball flying into the back of his own net. It appeared the Gunners would take a lead into the break, but Spurs levelled with just three minutes of normal time left of the first half as Son coolly finished from Maddison's cutback.
The North London derby is finely poised at one apiece, and both managers will be keen to kick on and win this game to secure the bragging rights for their fans. Which player will step up and be the hero and write themselves into their club's folklore?
Arteta makes a pair of changes at the interval. The first sees Havertz come on for Vieira.
Rice makes way for Jorginho.
The hosts get us back underway for the second period.
Arteta has won all three of his home league games against Tottenham as Arsenal manager – only Terry Neill between 1977 and 1980 won each of his first four home North London derby matches in charge of the Gunners.
Arsenal scream for a penalty as a White shot from a corner comes off the arm of Romero. His arm is away from his body but the shot comes from close range. VAR takes a look and sends the referee to the monitor...
PENALTY!!! Referee Jones takes a look at the pitchside monitor, and after viewing the incident, he points to the spot! Arsenal will have a golden opportunity to get their noses back in front...
GOAL!!! SAKA MAKES NO MISTAKE FROM THE SPOT!!! The winger keeps his composure from 12 yards, coolly stroking down the middle as Vicario dives to his right. Arsenal are 2-1 up!!!
GOAL!!! SPURS ARE LEVEL!!! Just moments after Saka put Arsenal back in front, Son scores his second of the game to equalise and send the visiting fans into rapturous celebrations! Jorginho gives the ball away and is ruthlessly punished, as Maddison lays it to his right for Son, who places past Raya and in to make it 2-2!!!
Maddison's pass was perfectly weighted for Son to fire home his second.
Havertz is booked for a late challenge on Son.
Son is the first Spurs player to score two goals away at Arsenal in the Premier League since John Hendry in May 1993.
Johnson goes down and it looks like his race is run as he looks over to the sidelines with a troubled look.
Johnson does indeed limp off, with Solomon on to take his place.
No player has more assists in the Premier League this season than Maddison (four).
Nketiah goes in the book for a really poor challenge on Vicario.
Kulusevski slides a brilliant pass through for Son, but the forward cannot secure his hat-trick as his shot from a tight angle flies into the side netting.
Maddison goes down and clutches at his knee, and though it does not look good initially, the midfielder gets back to his feet and will try to soldier on.
The crowd noise goes up a notch inside the Emirates as Arsenal win a corner, but Vicario does well to claim the resulting delivery before a lurking Arsenal attacker can turn goalwards.
Romero goes in the book for an infringement as the two sets of players wait for a corner to come over.
Jesus makes way for Nelson.
Postecoglou also looks to his bench, first bringing on Hojbjerg for Maddison.
Son will not get his hat-trick as he is replaced by Richarlison.
With 10 minutes to play, can either of these sides find a winner? Both have struggled to really get on top since the equaliser.
There were just 98 seconds between Saka's penalty and Son's equaliser.
Nelson cuts onto his right foot and tries to smash goalwards, but Romero races out to make an important block. Arsenal will have a corner, though.
Spurs just about deal with two corners in quick succession, though Arsenal win a throw-in high up the pitch and will look to keep the pressure on.
The ball sits up nicely for Havertz to lash towards Vicario's goal from outside the area, but he gets his effort horribly wrong and the ball flies high and wide of the target.
There is a brief injury worry for Arsenal as Saka goes down under an Udogie challenge, though the winger quickly gets back to his feet, much to his team's relief.
A roar goes up around the Emirates Stadium as 10 minutes of additional time are announced.
Vicario gets down to his right to tip Saka's shot wide at full stretch. Arsenal are looking the more likely side to find a winner at the moment.
The Gunners win the ball high up the pitch, but they cannot take advantage as Havertz is shepherded out of play by Romero.
There has been seven yellow cards in this match - more than in each of the previous six Premier League meetings between these two sides.
Smith Rowe comes on for Saka in the latter stages.
Arsenal are the side pressing, though they are struggling to break through a Spurs side looking pretty content to settle for a point.
FULL-TIME: ARSENAL 2-2 TOTTENHAM
The final whistle blows and the spoils are shared as the North London derby ends 2-2 at the Emirates Stadium. Arsenal were pegged back twice, first going ahead through Romero's own goal from Saka's curling effort before Son coolly turned home from Maddison's cutback to level. The Gunners went in front again after the interval, Saka keeping his cool to score from the spot after Romero was penalised for a handball after White's close-range effort struck his outstretched arm. The hosts were denied victory, though, as Son slotted home from Maddison's neat assist with both sides unable to find a late winner.
The draw means Spurs remain above Arsenal on goal difference, both on 14 points after strong starts to the season, with Postecoglou's men dropping to fourth and the Gunners down to fifth after Brighton's win at home to Bournemouth. Arteta's side are in EFL Cup action next, travelling to take on Brentford on Wednesday as they bid to progress through to the next round. Spurs' next game comes at home to Liverpool in the Premier League next weekend.
Thanks for joining us for live coverage of the 2-2 draw between Arsenal and Tottenham at the Emirates Stadium. Goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Brentford and Everton.
Brentford’s seven-game unbeaten run in the league game ended against Newcastle in their previous outing. Callum Wilson’s 64th-minute penalty proved to be the only goal of the match, with manager Thomas Frank also losing left-back Rico Henry to a suspected long-term injury. The Bees drew three of their first four matches, with their only win of the new campaign coming against Fulham at Craven Cottage. Brentford are currently in 11th position in the table and have just one clean sheet to their name this season.
Everton survived on the final day of the Premier League season last term and have had a miserable start to the new campaign. The Toffees have lost four of their opening five games, with their only point coming against newly promoted Sheffield United. Additionally, their draw with the Blades was the only time that they have scored in the league, conceding a combined seven goals without reply against Fulham, Aston Villa, Wolves and Arsenal. They are without a victory in their last four away trips to Brentford in all competitions (drawing two and losing two), since a 4-2 win in the second tier in September 1952.
BRENTFORD (4-3-3): Mark Flekken; Mads Roerslev, Nathan Collins, Ethan Pinnock, Aaron Hickey; Mathias Jensen, Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt; Bryan Mbeumo, Yoane Wissa, Lewis-Potter.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Thomas Strakosha, Zanka, Saman Ghoddos, Frank Onyeka, Kristoffer Ajer, Keane Lewis-Potter, Yehor Yarmolyuk, Michael Olakigbe, Ethan Brierley.
EVERTON (4-5-1): Jordan Pickford; Ashley Young, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite, Vitalii Mykolenko; James Garner, Idrissa Gueye, Abdoulaye Doucoure, Amadou Onana, Dwight McNeil; Beto.
EVERTON SUBS: Joao Virginia, Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Arnaut Danjuma, Ben Godfrey, Youssef Chermiti, Mackenzie Hunt, Lewis Dobbin.
Brentford make two changes to the side that lost to Newcastle in the previous match. Henry is set to miss the rest of the season and is replaced by Roerslev at left-back. Mee also misses out through injury. As a result, Frank has decided to add another attacker into the mix, with Schade coming in.
Everton make one alteration to the team that lost to Arsenal last time out. Garner comes into the side and takes the place of Danjuma, who drops to the bench.
Schade went down injured in the warm-up and will not be able to play. Lewis-Potter will take his place in the attack. Both teams are now on the pitch and the game will start soon.
Everton get this Premier League clash under way.
Beto makes the most of a poor throw-in and drives towards the box. However, he is slow on the ball and is tackled by Janelt.
Young is shown an early yellow card after fouling Lewis-Potter on the edge of the box.
Mbeumo and Jensen are over the free-kick. The latter takes and curls his attempt well wide of the post.
Garner whips a cross into the middle of the box, but it goes over the head of Beto and Collins gets it away.
Branthwaite chips the ball forward to Beto, who flicks a pass onto Doucoure. He runs into the box and looks to work space for a shot, but Pinnock forces him back.
GOALLL! DOUCOURE SCORES! 1-0 EVERTON! What a start for the away side. Garner floats a cross into the middle of the box after a corner from the right was cleared away. Captain Tarkowski knocks a header into the path of Doucoure, who blasts his effort past Flekken.
Tarkowski decides to be unselfish in the box. He could direct his header towards the goal but has the intelligence to put the ball into the path of Doucoure, who does the rest with an emphatic finish.
Brentford have conceded 4 first-half goals in six games, only Burnley (six) and Nottingham Forest (six) have conceded more in the Premier League this season.
Young bursts down the right and looks for Beto with a cross. However, his attempt is poor and floats out for a goal-kick.
Onana finds Beto inside Brentford's half after the hosts give away possession cheaply. He looks to turn past a couple of defenders and move into space, but he is crowded out.
Brentford have been unusually poor with a couple of their passes in the early stages of the game. They have been too short, allowing the Everton players to get in and make quick interceptions.
Mykolenko is caught in possession by Mbeumo, who plays a pass inside to Wissa before breaking away. The striker then looks to complete a one-two but plays the ball straight off the pitch.
WIDE! McNeil goes close! Beto has won a couple of battles in the air and does well again to knock the ball into the path of McNeil. The winger drives down the left side of the box before dragging a shot across the goal and just wide.
Mykolenko wins the ball inside Brentford's defensive third and slides a pass into Doucoure. He then looks for Beto with a cross, but the Bees get it away.
McNeil goes short with a free-kick, allowing Garner to chip a cross into the box. Onana gets on the end of it and heads it towards the goal, but his effort goes just wide of the target.
Pinnock has been active in the opening 18 minutes of the game. He has had to constantly be ready for Everton to look for Beto with long passes forward and has already made a couple of crucial interceptions with his head.
Collins is standing on the ball inside Brentford's half and is being urged by the crowd to do something with it. Everton are staying off the defender and are letting him make a decision.
SAVE! McNeil has put a couple of high crosses into Beto but goes low this time. Pinnock sticks a foot out to make an interception. However, he plays the ball straight into the feet of Mykolenko, who shoots straight at Flekken from close range.
Everton burst forward on the counter, with McNeil rushing down the left before supplying a low cross into the heart of the box. Doucoure and Garner make darting runs, but it goes between them both and away from danger.
Pinnock looks to switch the play from left to right towards Mbeumo, but it goes over the head of the winger. He thrashes his arms in frustration before clapping his hands together in encouragement.
BAR! Everton should have scored again through Doucoure. Tarkowski launches a pass out of the defence and towards the midfielder, who uses his strength to push away Roerslev inside the box. He takes it down well before crashing the bar.
GOALLL! JENSEN SCORES! 1-1! Brentford have struggled to create any meaningful attacks in this game but have netted the equaliser. Wissa battles for the ball in the air, with it dropping to Janelt on the edge of the box. He shapes to shoot before playing a pass across to Jensen, who drills his shot off the post and into the net. Pickford gets a touch on it but it is not enough. There is a VAR check for offside, but the goal stands.
The assist from Janelt is excellent, he looks to shoot but is aware of Jensen to his right and finds him with a perfect pass. Jensen still has a lot to do and finishes the chance well.
There was just 89 seconds between Doucoure hitting the woodwork for Everton and Jensen scoring Brentford's equaliser.
Everton were the better side until Brentford scored and had a couple of clear chances to score a second goal. Now it is Brentford who have the momentum.
Collins looks to slide a pass down the middle of the pitch to Wissa, but Branthwaite stays tight to the striker and pokes the ball away.
Young launches the ball forward towards Beto, who uses his strength to get away from Collins. However, he has to wait for support and plays the ball back into the midfield.
WIDE! Beto misses the target this time. Gueye uses his body to trick Norgaard, shaping to go left and instead moving to the right. He has space ahead of him and slips a throughball into the path of Beto, who scoops his shot wide of the post.
Jensen launches a long thrown-in into the box. Beto clears it as far as Janelt, who has his shot blocked. Hickey collects the rebound but blasts his strike over the target.
Collins plays a poor pass in Everton's half, allowing the away side to break away on the counter. Beto rushes away and moves down the left side of the box before dragging a cross into a dangerous area. However, it is behind Onana, who goes down under little contact.
CHANCE! Gueye gives away possession inside Everton's half, with Wissa collecting the loose ball before sliding a pass across to Mbeumo. He then flashes it across the box, with Tarkowski sliding across the line. He cannot turn it behind but might have distracted Lewis-Potter, who could not poke it in.
Garner flicks a pass inside to Gueye on the edge of the box. He has Beto and Doucoure as options in the middle but misses the target with a poor shot.
Gueye drives forward and is not put under pressure before slotting a pass down the right of the box to Beto. He flashes a cross-shot into a promising position, but nobody is there to get on the end of it. The former Udinese attacker then looks around and questions the support from his team-mates.
There will be three minutes of additional time.
Gueye gives the ball away cheaply inside Everton's half, allowing Brentford to come forward. A ball from the left is played into the box towards Wissa, who looks to turn past Branthwaite but goes down. He wants a penalty, but the referee ignores his claims.
HALF-TIME: BRENTFORD 1-1 EVERTON
Brentford scored with their only shot on target of the half to cancel out Doucoure's opener and send the teams into the break level. Everton dominated the early exchanges of the fixture and could have scored two or three if they were clinical. Doucoure broke the deadlock, thrashing Tarkowski's knockdown into the net. McNeil then dragged a shot wide, with Flekken also denying Mykolenko from close range. Doucoure then rattled the bar, with the Bees netting an equaliser 89 seconds later. Jensen drilled his shot off the post and into the bottom corner from the right side of the box. Pickford got a glove on it but couldn't keep it out. Beto then had the chance to open his account in the Premier League but scooped his strike wide.
Everton will go into the dressing room disappointed that they do not have complete control of the game. They created plenty of chances at the start of the match and made the most of Brentford's unusual sloppiness in possession, but couldn't score more than one. McNeil has been excellent on the counter and Beto has constantly been a threat. As for the home side, they recovered well to end the half strongly. Frank's men are starting to put the Toffees under pressure and are targeting Gueye, who has made a couple of poor passes.
Brentford get the ball rolling again. No changes at the break.
Brentford lost their last Premier League game when going into half-time level against Newcastle, not since January 2022 have the Bees lost successive such games, doing so against Manchester United and Wolves.
Jensen goes down after a heavy collision with Gueye. The elbow of the Everton man accidentally hit the back of his head, with the medical staff on the pitch.
Jensen will be able to continue and is now back on the pitch.
Gueye looks for Doucoure with a cross into the box, but his attempt is wayward. Doucoure sticks his thumb in the air to show appreciation for the effort.
Beto wins possession on the halfway line and looks up before attempting an ambitious effort from range. The striker looks to chip Flekken but gets no height on his strike.
McNeil works the ball onto his left foot and curls a low effort towards the goal from the edge of the box. However, his effort goes straight at Flekken.
McNeil stayed on the left flank for the majority of the first half but is roaming inside at the start of the second. He is picking up positions in the middle of the pitch and is not being tracked by the Brentford players when he is in that position.
McNeil's pass into Doucoure is intercepted and Brentford come away with the ball. Mbeumo has a crowd of Everton players ahead of him and skips past Gueye before losing control of possession. The hands of Branthwaite hit his face and he wants a free-kick. However, the referee lets the game continue.
Everton win a free-kick on the left. McNeil finds Tarkowski, who heads the ball across the box towards Onana. He gets above his marker and gets an effort away, but it goes wide of the post from a tight angle.
Everton are patient with possession outside the box and are committing men forward. Tarkowski then lofts a cross into the box to Beto, who angles a header wide of the post. Flekken watched it all the way and looked confident that it was going off target.
Brentford are making two changes to try and alter the outcome of the game. Roerslev is the first player to come off and he is replaced by Ajer.
Onyeka also makes his way onto the pitch and takes the place of Janelt, who got the assist for Brentford's goal. Calvert-Lewin is still waiting to come on for Everton.
Beto has impressed for Everton and has shown his ability to challenge for the ball in the air and get into promising attacking positions. Calvert-Lewin comes on and will play up front.
Mbeumo looks to rush past Onana on the left, but the Belgium international gets his foot across to win possession. McNeil then collects it and whips a cross into the box that is headed away by Pinnock.
GOALLLLL! TARKOWSKI SCORES! 2-1 EVERTON! The away side have been the better side since the restart and it is Tarkowski with the goal. McNeil's corner from the right is inviting, with the centre-back rushing free from his marker and powering his header into the net.
McNeil is forced to wait to take the corner before putting in a perfect cross. His ball into the box matches the run of Tarkowski, who plants an emphatic header into the net.
Mykolenko rushes down the left and sends a low cross into the box. Flekken looks like he has it under control but Hickey takes no risks and heads it behind.
GOALLLLL! CALVERT-LEWIN WITH A CLINICAL FINISH! 3-1 EVERTON! Collins loses the ball inside his own half, allowing Garner to come away with possession. He has Doucoure to his left but threads an excellent pass to Calvert-Lewin in the middle, who finishes the chance with composure.
Garner plays a key part in the goal. His tackle on Collins is excellent, with the midfielder coming away with the ball. He has space ahead of him and could have made a pass to early, but waits for Calvert-Lewin to move into space before finding the striker. He is one-on-one with Flekken and makes no mistake.
Calvert-Lewin has scored his first Premier League goal away from home in open play since May 2021 against West Ham, he three goals away from home since in the league were all penalties before today.
Ghoddos is introduced for the final 17 minutes and is replaced by Ghoddos.
Everton are in complete control at the moment. Brentford are giving the ball away cheaply and are committing a lot of fouls.
Mbeumo is shown a yellow card for a foul on McNeil.
Onana makes his way off after an all-action performance in the midfield. Danjuma takes his place.
Collins shows a spurt of energy and brings the ball out of the defence before curling a pass out to Ghoddos. He waits for support and finds Mbeumo with a cross, but his attempt from the right side of the box is saved by Pickford.
Everton are making Brentford do all the work off the ball. They are playing a lot of neat passes around their half, forcing the Bees to close them down.
Ghoddos is shown a yellow card for pulling back Young, who was breaking into Brentford's half. The hosts are showing a lot of signs of frustration as they have not been able to get going since the restart.
Onyeka tries to float a hopeful ball over the top of Everton's defence towards Mbeumo, but it goes nowhere near the attacker. Pickford claims it, with Wissa putting him under immediate pressure.
Danjuma displays some nice footwork to get past a defender before rolling a pass into Doucoure, who immediately finds Calvert-Lewin. The striker looks to spin in possession but runs into Collins.
Lewis-Potter has possession on the left and cuts the ball onto his right foot before curling a cross into the box. However, it is too high and too close to Pickford, who makes an easy catch.
Everton have won none of their last 13 away Premier League visits to London (drawing five and losing eight) since a 1-0 win at West Ham United in May 2021. Dyche’s last London win was also in May 2021, 2-0 vs Fulham with Burnley, with Dyche winless in seven since then (drawing five and losing two).
Tarkowski looks to score his second of the game after getting onto the end of Garner's corner but knocks his attempt well over the bar.
Olakigbe makes his way onto the pitch for Brentford to make a brief appearance. Lewis-Potter is now off.
The Everton fans are cheering every pass that they make, with the away side playing it around with confidence.
There will be six minutes of additional time.
Branthwaite is shown a yellow card for a tackle on Onyeka, who dribbled past him before being fouled.
Norgaard finds Mbeumo on the right, who cuts inside before swinging a cross into the box. Branthwaite is in the middle and clears it away with his boot.
Ghoddos curls a pass with the outside of his foot into the path of Olakigbe, who rushes towards the byline and into the box. Danjuma tracks his run and makes contact with his shirt before releasing it. Olakigbe goes down but nothing is given. The 19-year-old has shown a couple of bright moments in this game since being introduced.
FULL-TIME: BRENTFORD 1-3 EVERTON
Tarkowski bagged a goal and an assist to help Everton to their first win of the season away to Brentford. Dyche's men started the game strongly and scored the opener through Doucoure. He made the most of Tarkowski's headed pass and blasted the ball into the net. The Toffees were in control of the match and should have scored again. McNeil struck an effort wide, with Mykolenko shooting straight at Flekken. Doucoure then rattled the bar before Frank's side found an equaliser. Jansen got on the end of Janelt's disguised pass and powered his low effort in off the post. Beto then had a scoring chance but made a mess of the finish and shot well wide. The Bees were sloppy after the break and Everton were able to punish them. Tarkowski scored against his old side, running away from his marker to power McNeil's corner past Flekken. The Toffees then netted their third four minutes later. Garner won the ball off Collins and found Calvert-Lewin, who finished the chance with composure.
Brentford have won just once this season and have lost their last two fixtures in the Premier League. The Bees will host Arsenal in the third round of the EFL Cup before heading to Nottingham Forest in the league. As for Everton, they travel to Villa in the cup, where they lost 4-0 earlier in the campaign. The Toffees then welcome Luton Town in the league.
That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Burnley and Manchester United at Turf Moor.
The hosts earned their maiden point of the season away at Nottingham Forest on Monday, but they could have been travelling back to Lancashire with all three had Lyle Foster's potential late winner not been ruled out for a contentious handball. Back on home soil, the Clarets will be looking for their first victory of the campaign having taken maximum points in 16 of their 23 games at Turf Moor on their way to winning the Championship last term.
It has been a terrible start to the season for the visitors, losing four of their six matches in all competitions, with the latest of those defeats coming midweek away at Bayern Munich in the Champions League. They conceded four goals in that game, their third outing in a row in which they have allowed three or more in a match, and they will need to tighten up their defence quickly if they want to arrest this poor start.
BURNLEY (4-2-3-1): James Trafford; Connor Roberts, Ameen Al Dakhil, Jordan Beyer, Charlie Taylor; Josh Cullen, Josh Brownhill; Johann Gudmundsson, Aaron Ramsey, Luca Koleosho; Mohamed Zeki Andouni.
SUBS: Jay Rodriguez, Anass Zaroury, Hannes Delcroix, Manuel Benson, Mike Tresor Ndayishimiye, Jacob Bruun Larsen, Arijanet Muric, Sander Berge, Jack Cork.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-3-1-2): Andre Onana; Diogo Dalot, Victor Lindelof, Jonny Evans, Sergio Reguilon; Scott McTominay, Casemiro, Hannibal Mejbri; Bruno Fernandes; Rasmus Hojlund, Marcus Rashford.
SUBS: Facundo Pellistri, Alejandro Garnacho, Christian Eriksen, Raphael Varane, Daniel Gore, Anthony Martial, Sofyan Amrabat, Donny van de Beek, Altay Bayindir.
Vincent Kompany makes just the one change, an enforced one as Foster misses out through suspension having been sent off for elbowing Forest midfielder Ryan Yates just minutes after his potential winner was disallowed. Ramsey takes his place in the team and will play just behind Amdouni, who will fill in for Foster up top.
There are three alterations to Erik ten Hag's starting XI. Lisandro Martinez is absent, adding to United's injury woes and joining the likes of Mason Mount and Luke Shaw on the sidelines. He is replaced in the back four by Evans, making his first Red Devils start since 2015, while elsewhere McTominay and Hannibal come in for Eriksen and Pellistri.
The two teams make their way onto the pitch at Turf Moor and kick-off is just moments away.
United catch the Clarets in possession in a dangerous area, but Al Dakhil does well to force Rashford wide and ensure the England international can only smash into the side netting from a difficult angle.
The hosts kick us off and we are under way!
The hosts are dominating the ball in these early exchanges, though most of their possession has been in their own territory.
United have 10 different nationalities in their starting XI against Burnley, their most in a Premier League match since December 2013 against Newcastle United (also 10).
BIG SAVE! Trafford makes a vital stop to deny Fernandes. Burnley are caught in possession again, and Rashford slides a nice ball through to Fernandes. The Portugal international blasts at goal, but Trafford is equal to it as he beats the powerful effort away from danger.
GREAT STOP! Onana endured a difficult outing against Bayern, but he shakes off any lingering doubts here with a sublime save down to his right to deny Amdouni's header. The forward got on the end of Roberts' cross before nodding towards the bottom corner, and the ball looked to be flying in until Onana tipped it wide for a corner.
Hannibal manages to find Hojlund with a nice backheel, but the striker cannot quite maneuver the space for a shot and the hosts scramble clear.
Dalot receives the first booking of the contest for wiping out Koleosho as the teenager skipped past him.
The ball bounces nicely for Brownhill to shoot from range, but his effort is wild and flies high and wide of the target.
The hosts win a free-kick in a decent crossing position, but Brownhill's delivery is poor and the visitors clear easily.
OFF THE POST!!! Burnley are inches away from taking the lead as Amdouni races onto Ramsey's brilliant throughball. The Switzerland international fires at goal, and though it beats Onana, it does not beat the post as it comes back off the woodwork before United scramble away. That is a huge let-off for the visitors!
Only Bournemouth (eight), Everton and Luton Town (five each) have had their woodwork hit on more occasions in the Premier League this season than United (four).
Gudmundsson has been forced off with a knock, and Tresor comes on in his place.
Koleosho has gone over to the right-hand side since Tresor's introduction. He already forced Dalot into an early yellow card. Can he trouble Reguilon as well?
GOAL!!! EVANS PUTS UNITED AHEAD!!! What a story this is as Evans, making his first start for the Red Devils since 2015, scores on his second full debut for the club. Reguilon's delivery is brilliant, and the centre-back rises highest to nod into the back of the net. There will be a VAR check, though, to judge whether Hojlund was obstructing the goalkeeper when stood in an offside position...
NO GOAL!!! Evans has his goal chalked off, and United can have little complaints with Hojlund clearly obstructing the goalkeeper and visibly offside, much to the hosts' relief.
Burnley have won just one of their last 15 Premier League games against United (drawn five, lost nine), a 2-0 away win in January 2020.
Hojlund is looking really lively. He is proving a constant handful for the Burnley defence, smashing into the side netting a moment ago.
Having lost their first ever Premier League visit to Turf Moor 1-0 in August 2009, United are unbeaten in their last seven away against Burnley, conceding just one further goal in this run.
Burnley win a couple of corners in quick succession, though the visitors are able to deal with both.
Just two of Burnley's 11 Premier League goals against United have come at Turf Moor (18 per cent). Of all teams to score at least 10 times against an opponent in the competition, this is the lowest percentage to be scored in home games.
Rashford has struggled to get into the game, with Roberts doing a pretty good job of keeping him quiet to this point.
United win the ball high up the pitch again, but Fernandes' pass back to Hannibal is poor and Burnley's mistake goes unpunished.
Casemiro makes a vital tackle to dispossess Koleosho, who was on a mazy run and looked like he could not be stopped. He is a real talent for Burnley.
Onana makes a decent stop to deny Ramsey's shot from just outside the box. Burnley are finishing the half strongly.
Roberts avoids a booking for cynically pulling back Rashford as the winger charged down the touchline.
GOAL!!! FERNANDES SCORES A STUNNER!!! Evans lofts a brilliant diagonal ball to find Fernandes in the penalty area. The Portugal international pulls a finish right out of the top drawer, taking the shot on first time and volleying into the far corner to put United 1-0 up at Turf Moor!
Fernandes' finish was the highlight, but Evans' pass to find him was also incredibly impressive. The centre-back has fared well in this first half.
Amid the celebrations for Fernandes' goal, the fourth official put up his board and indicated there will be three minutes of additional time.
Hojlund fails to hit the target after he has the ball squared to him by Fernandes, though he has his blushes spared as a delayed flag goes up for offside.
HALF-TIME: BURNLEY 0-1 MANCHESTER UNITED
A lively first half comes to an end with a sublime moment of quality from Evans and then Fernandes the difference at the interval with United holding a 1-0 lead. After Amdouni hit the post at one end, Evans thought he had put his side ahead 25 minutes in when he nodded home from Reguilon's corner, only for a VAR review to find Hojlund to be in an offside position and obstructing the goalkeeper. But the centre-back picked himself up to provide a superb assist just before half-time, lofting a perfect pass for Fernandes, who showed his world-class technique by firing a sublime volley into the far corner to give the Red Devils a slender advantage at the break.
Burnley find themselves behind despite having 57.7 per cent of the possession and forcing a couple of decent saves from Onana, as well as hitting the post. Kompany will be encouraged despite the scoreline, and he will have his Clarets firing in the second half as they try to make a comeback. Ten Hag's men are 45 minutes away from a first win in four, and he will be desperate for his injury-hit backline to stand up to the task and secure a big three points.
The visitors get us back under way for the second period.
Fernandes has scored his first away Premier League goal since January (v Crystal Palace) having gone 11 such matches without finding the back of the net before today. Indeed, each of his previous five league goals had come at Old Trafford.
United have never lost a Premier League away game when Fernandes has found the back of the net (P17 W11 D6 before this game).
United are very close to doubling their lead as Dalot fizzes a brilliant ball across the face of the goal, with a sliding Hojlund inches away from diverting the ball goalwards and surely scoring.
Evans has provided his first Premier League assist since November 2021 (for Leicester City v Watford). His previous Premier League assist for United, meanwhile, came back in February 2013 v Fulham.
Reguilon receives a yellow card for asking the referee to book Koloesho.
Burnley have struggled to get going since the break, and Kompany will want his team to step it up a gear.
Al Dakhil makes a crucial intervention to poke the ball behind for a corner and prevent the lurking Hojlund tapping home from Rashford's knockdown.
United are unbeaten in their last 136 Premier League matches when leading at half-time (W117, D19) dating back to September 21, 2014 against Leicester (L3-5).
McTominay tries his luck with an ambitious effort from range, but his shot lacks the direction or power to trouble Trafford and the Burnley goalkeeper makes an easy save.
Fernandes has now either scored or assisted against 22 of the 24 sides he has faced in the Premier League, with Sheffield United (3 games) and Norwich (2 games) being the only exceptions.
Lindelof is well-placed to smash Roberts' cross behind for a corner before any Burnley forward can get a shot away at goal.
Kompany's men have had 60.6 per cent of the second-half possession but are yet to record a shot since the break. United are looking pretty comfortable at the moment, but their lead is slender and Ten Hag will be keen for his side to find a second goal.
There are 20 minutes left at Turf Moor. Can the hosts find a way back into this contest?
Kompany is making a trio of changes as he tries to find an attacking spark. The first sees Rodriguez come on for Andouni.
Berge enters the fray for Ramsey.
Kompany also brings on Bruun Larsen for the lively Koleosho.
There is chaos in the United box as Bruun Larsen and then Rodriguez look to latch onto Al Dakhil's long ball. The visitors are eventually able to scramble away.
Evans required a bit of treatment after that Burnley half-chance, though he is up and okay to continue.
Bruun Larsen whips a very threatening delivery across the face of goal, but there is no Burnley attacker there to tap home and Dalot is able to clear for a corner.
Ten Hag puts Varane on for Reguilon as he looks to shore up the defence.
United look like they will have a chance to kill the game off as they come forward with plenty of bodies. However, Hojlund underhits his pass to Rashford, and the danger is gone.
Berge rises highest to meet a corner from the left, but the ball seems to come off his shoulder and ends up flying over the crossbar. The hosts are getting closer, though.
Rodriguez springs the offside trap and looks to smash towards goal from a difficult angle, but Varane is well-placed to block behind for a corner. It is all Burnley at the moment.
Hannibal's brilliant throughball finds Rashford, who then dribbles all the way into the Burnley box. However, he takes one touch too many and the Clarets get enough bodies back to block his eventual shot behind for a corner.
Kompany's final roll of the dice is bringing on Benson for Brownhill.
Benson looks to make an impact just moments after coming off the bench, but his shot from range flies high and wide of Onana's goal when he had passing options available.
Amrabat is on for his United debut, taking the place of Evans.
There will be four minutes of additional time for Burnley to find a leveller and United to hold on.
United have the ball up the right end of the pitch, with the Clarets struggling to get back possession.
Beyer receives a late booking for hauling down Hannibal.
Amrabat takes out Benson, and Burnley will have one final chance to get the ball in the box. Can they find an equaliser?
Burnley take the free-kick short to Benson, who cuts onto his left foot and shoots. It never looks like troubling Onana, though, and the United goalkeeper makes the comfortable save. The Red Devils are surely just seconds away now.
FULL-TIME: BURNLEY 0-1 MANCHESTER UNITED
The full-time whistle blows, and with it comes a huge three points for United as they claim a first win in four thanks to a 1-0 victory over Burnley at Turf Moor. A moment of real class provided the 45th-minute winner, as Evans picked out Fernandes with a delightful lofted throughball before the Red Devils captain fired a brilliant volley into the far corner. The Clarets huffed and puffed after the break but never really troubled United in truth, as Ten Hag's makeshift backline stood up to the task to secure a much-needed win.
United's third win of the Premier League season takes them on to nine points and moves them up to eighth. Ten Hag's men will open their defence of the EFL Cup next, hosting Palace at Old Trafford on Tuesday as they look to repeat their cup heroics of last season. For Burnley, their wait for a first win since returning to the top-flight continues and Kompany will be frustrated by how little his team troubled United in the second half. They are also in EFL Cup action on Tuesday, travelling to take on League Two side Salford City.
Thanks for joining us for live coverage of Manchester United's 1-0 Premier League victory over Burnley at Turf Moor. Goodbye!
Hello and welcome to the live commentary of the Premier League clash between Chelsea and Aston Villa at Stamford Bridge.
Chelsea need to get back to winning ways in the Premier League after losing to Nottingham Forest and drawing with Bournemouth last time out. Mauricio Pochettino's men have struggled in the final third, continuing their poor record in front of goal from the last campaign. The Blues have only won one of their opening five games and are in dire need to a momentum boost to kickstart their season.
Villa have had an up and down start to the season. Their campaign began with a 5-1 hammering against Newcastle United, but wins against Burnley, Everton and Crystal Palace have highlighted their prowess in front of goal. However, there are defensive deficiencies that were on show against the Magpies, Liverpool and in their Europa Conference League defeat to Legia Warsaw last time out. Unai Emery will be looking for an improvement from his side today.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Robert Sanchez; Malo Gusto, Axel Disasi, Thiago Silva, Levi Colwill; Conor Gallagher, Moises Caicedo; Raheem Sterling, Enzo Fernandez, Mykhailo Mudryk; Nicolas Jackson.
CHELSEA SUBS: Marc Cucurella, Chimuanya Ugochukwu, Armando Broja, Cole Palmer, Ben Chilwell, Dorde Petrovic, Ian Maatsen, Deivid Washington, Lucas Bergstrom.
ASTON VILLA (4-2-3-1): Emiliano Martinez; Matty Cash, Ezri Konsa, Pau Torres, Lucas Digne; Boubacar Kamara, Douglas Luiz, John McGinn, Moussa Diaby, Nicolo Zaniolo; Ollie Watkins.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Youri Tielemans, Calum Chambers, Clement Lenglet, Jhon Duran, Robin Olsen, Leon Bailey, Leander Dendoncker, Jacob Ramsey, Omari Kellyman.
Chelsea have made one change to their side that drew against Bournemouth last time out. Caicedo returns from injury and replaces Ugochukwu in the middle of the park alongside Gallagher. Pochettino keeps faith with the same backline that held the Cherries at bay as Colwill continues at left-back. Chilwell remains on the bench.
Villa have made five changes to their side that was beaten by Legia Warsaw during the week. Watkins is back to lead the line in place of Duran. Diaby returns in place of Bailey in the final third, while Douglas Luiz joins Kamara in the midfield. Torres and Cash are also restored to the back four.
The players are out on the pitch so we should be under way shortly.
We're under way at Stamford Bridge.
Mudryk releases the run of Fernandez over the top, but his cross back into the middle evades Jackson and the flag goes up late for offside anyway.
Mudryk almost pounces on a mistake from the visitors at the back, but Konsa gets across quickly to prevent him bearing down on goal.
SAVE! Douglas Luiz loses out to Fernandez and it allows Jackson to feed Caicedo. The midfielder has space to fire at goal, but sends a tame effort straight at Martinez.
Sterling plays the give and go with Jackson down the right flank, but Torres gets across to force a corner.
Disasi tries to connect with Fernandez's corner from the right flank, but it skims his head. It strikes Kamara on the arm, but the Chelsea appeals for a penalty are muted.
Chelsea are probing with menace down the right flank in the early stages through Sterling and Gusto, who are finding space in the wide areas.
Thiago Silva angles a ball over the top for Mudryk down the left flank. He steers a cutback towards Jackson, but Konsa on the slide directs it away from danger.
Colwill makes a break down the left flank and he sends a low cross into the middle. Kamara slides and he knocks the ball off Jackson's arm to earn Villa a free-kick.
Jackson makes a surge into the Chelsea half and skips past one challenge, but Kamara acts to win the ball back for the visitors using his frame to edge out the forward.
Digne gets forward and combines with Zaniolo, who wins a corner off the body of Gallagher.
WHAT A SAVE! Douglas Luiz whips a corner towards the near post that is deflected out to Digne. He powers a strike towards goal on his left foot that Sanchez has to turn over the bar.
Jackson speeds into the box and has Sterling in support. He goes down under pressure from Konsa, but the flag is up for offside anyway.
Fernandez is down after taking a knock in a challenge with Zaniolo. He walks gingerly to his feet, which will something to monitor for Pochettino.
CHANCE! Mudryk threads the needle to release Jackson in the inside-left channel. The forward goes for a first-time strike on his left foot, poking his effort towards goal, but Martinez diverts it behind. Jackson had more time than he thought there.
Jackson has space in the final third, but he takes the path away from goal and his eventual cross towards Fernandez is nodded back to Martinez by Cash.
Chelsea are getting the ball in the right areas, but their decision-making with their final pass and shot has been their downfall today.
Cash is afforded space on the right flank and he takes on the early strike at goal that is deflected into the arms of Sanchez by Colwill.
The visitors have struggled to get control of possession, but have been alert in the final third. With Villa's quality, the hosts cannot afford to lose the ball in their own half.
CHANCE! Gusto bursts down the right flank and cuts the ball back to Fernandez. He has space and time, but scuffs his strike well wide of the target. Fernandez had to hit the target there.
Watkins wins possession for the visitors following a loose pass from Colwill. Caicedo brings down the forward on the charge 25 yards from goal, handing Villa a free-kick in a useful position.
Douglas Luiz lines up a strike at goal, but his effort clips the Chelsea wall and drifts wide for a corner.
SAVE! Sanchez rescues Chelsea again. Kamara rises to head a corner from Douglas Luiz back into a dangerous area. Zaniolo shoots on the turn on the volley, but sees his effort turned over the bar.
Digne latches onto another loose ball on the edge of the Chelsea box following a corner. On this occasion, he lifts his effort comfortably over the top.
Mudryk surges past Cash down the left flank and places a perfect low ball across the face of goal, but both Jackson and Sterling are nowhere to be seen.
Jackson sends Gusto away down the right flank, but he is forced to wait for support and his cutback towards Gallagher is cleared behind.
DISALLOWED GOAL! Disasi heads Gusto's cross into the back of the net with a fine effort, but the offside flag cuts short his celebration.
Digne drags back Sterling on a run off the ball and goes into the book.
There will be three minutes of added time.
HALF-TIME: CHELSEA 0-0 ASTON VILLA
Despite signalling three minutes of added time, the half ends after only two. It's goalless at Stamford Bridge in the Premier League clash between Chelsea and Aston Villa. Villa have had the best chances of the game as Robert Sanchez has been called on twice to deny Lucas Digne and Nicolo Zaniolo with reaction stops. At the other end, Chelsea have had the ball in the next, but Axel Disasi was offside, while Nicolas Jackson also missed a good opportunity.
It has been groundhog day for Chelsea in front of goal. They've got themselves into good positions, but have lacked the clinical edge to get the breakthrough. Disasi should have kept himself onside, while Jackson should have converted his opening. Villa have looked dangerous at times, but have been exposed at the back as well.
We're back under way at Stamford Bridge.
SAVE! Thiago Silva releases Sterling over the top and through on goal. He only has Martinez to beat as he bears down on the target, but the Villa keeper spreads himself to make the stop.
Fernandez curls a fine cross to the back post for Jackson to attack. He connects with a header, but sends it just wide of the target. The flag goes up for offside anyway.
Jackson is booked for encroachment.
OFFSIDE! Chelsea are in behind the high Aston Villa line again. Sterling bursts through on goal, but sees his effort blocked. Once again, the flag goes up late. Sterling and Jackson need to start timing these runs.
Martinez takes a loose touch before his clearance downfield and it results in Jackson blocking the ball, but it bounces back for a goal-kick.
Gusto could be in trouble here as he catches Digne on the ankle with his boot. The referee is being told to look at the screen at the side of the field.
OFF! Gusto is sent off. Having initially been given a yellow card, Gusto's punishment is upgraded to a red for catching Digne on the ankle with an outstretched boot after a VAR check. Chelsea are down to 10 men.
SCRAMBLE! Cash and Douglas Luiz force efforts at goal around the Chelsea box, but the wall of blue shirts hold firm in front of the net to concede only a corner.
Mudryk makes way for Chilwell to shore up the Chelsea defence following Gusto's dismissal.
Zaniolo collects in the final third and has space to shoot, but he sees his effort charged down by Thiago Silva.
Cash goes for a blast from distance, but Sanchez watches it carefully into his hands. Villa are upping the ante now.
Caicedo sends an early ball over the top for Jackson, but he takes a poor first touch and allows Konsa to recover to edge him out in the Villa box.
Gusto, aged 20 years and 128 days, is the third-youngest Chelsea player to receive a Premier League red card.
Ugochukwu enters the action to replace Jackson to shore up the Chelsea midfield.
Palmer is on for Fernandez in the final third.
DIABY HAS TO HIT THE TARGET! The winger collects the ball following a loose header at the back post. He shoots first time, but scuffs his effort into the ground and wide of the target.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! WATKINS SCORES ON THE BREAK!!!!! 1-0 VILLA! Chelsea pay the price for committing too many men forward as Watkins produces a clinical finish. Gallagher's cutback evades every blue shirt in the box and Villa work the ball forward. Diaby feeds Watkins, who faces off against Colwill on his run into the box. Colwill blocks his first shot, but he buries the second with a finish off the inside of the left post.
Ramsey enters the action to replace McGinn in the Villa midfield.
Bailey replaces Zaniolo in the final third.
SAVE! Chilwell is played into space and only has Martinez to beat, but he fires his left-footed strike straight at Martinez.
Palmer times his throughball to perfection to release Disasi down the right flank. He opens up space to strike at goal on his right foot, but slices his effort wide of the target.
Caicedo is withdrawn as Chelsea need goals. Broja replaces the midfielder.
Watkins sends Diaby through on goal and he surges into the box. He fires low and hard, but Sanchez makes a sharp stop. The flag may have gone up on review there.
Tielemans enters the action for Villa in their midfield for Diaby.
SAVE! Sanchez keeps Chelsea in the game as he turns a curling strike from Ramsey past the post that was seemingly destined for the bottom-right corner.
Konsa attacks the resulting corner from Bailey, only to plant his header over the top.
Chelsea win a free-kick on the left flank that Chilwell delivers deep to the back post that Broja fails to connect with on the slide.
Chilwell brings down Watkins on the charge and goes into the book.
Dendoncker comes on to replace the impressive Kamara.
There will be 11 minutes of added time.
Duran replaces Watkins for the closing stages of the contest.
Douglas Luiz brings down Sterling and is booked.
BLOCK! Konsa sticks out a boot at the vital moment to prevent Palmer's low strike from finding the net after great work from Disasi down the right flank.
Martinez is booked for timewasting.
Sanchez has a concerning moment as a he drops a corner from Douglas Luiz from the left flank, but there was no one in a Villa shirt there to capitalise.
Time is running out for Chelsea to earn a share of the spoils. The Blues have not been good enough in the final third.
Gallagher tees up Palmer for a drive on the edge of the box. He drills a left-footed strike at goal, which is charged down by two defenders.
Bailey pulls back Chilwell on the left flank. Chelsea will have one final chance to send cross into the box.
OFFSIDE! Chelsea see the offside flag raised again as Broja heads Chilwell's cross wide. It has been the story of their day.
Chelsea have been caught offside on 10 occasions today.
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 0-1 ASTON VILLA
Aston Villa inflict further pain on Chelsea with a 1-0 win in their Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge. After a goalless first period, Malo Gusto was sent off after a VAR checked overturned his yellow card and awarded a red card for a challenge on Lucas Digne in the second half. Villa upped the ante with their numerical advantage and took the lead through a counter as Ollie Watkins buried his chance on the break. The Blues' problems in goal persisted as they failed to find the back of the net for the third game on the bounce and have now only taken one point out of a possible nine from their last three matches. Villa move up to sixth with their victory.
Chelsea are next in action in the EFL Cup against Brighton next week at home. Villa take on Everton in their EFL Cup game on Wednesday at Villa Park.
Thanks for joining our commentary today. Until next time, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Crystal Palace and Fulham at Selhurst Park.
Palace lost just one of their opening four Premier League fixtures before falling to defeat against Aston Villa in their previous outing. The Eagles have seven points on the board after securing wins over early struggles Sheffield United and Wolves and a draw versus Brentford, with their only beating coming at the hands of Arsenal. The hosts came close to extending their unbeaten run to four matches at Villa Park and were leading until 87th-minute when Jhon Duran scored the equaliser. Douglas Luiz and Leon Bailey then netted in stoppage time to complete the comeback for Unai Emery’s men. Palace will want to return to winning ways, but they have failed to beat Fulham in their last three encounters (drawing two and losing one).
Fulham have an identical record to their London rivals and are only behind Roy Hodgson’s side on goal difference. The Cottagers also started their campaign with a win after beating Everton before going on a three-game winless run. An enthralling 2-2 draw with Arsenal came between two heavy defeats, with Marco Silva overseeing a 3-0 loss to Brentford and a 5-1 defeat to Manchester City. However, confidence will be back after a victory in their last match. Carlos Vinicius netted his fourth goal in six games in a 1-0 triumph over Luton Town, netting the winner just three minutes after coming off the bench.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-2-3-1): Sam Johnstone; Joel Ward, Joachim Andersen, Marc Guehi, Tyrick Mitchell; Cheick Doucoure, Will Hughes; Jordan Ayew, Eberechi Eze, Jeffrey Schlupp; Odsonne Edouard.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: Dean Henderson, Remi Matthews, Rob Holding, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Nathaniel Clyne, Malcolm Ebiowei, Chris Richards, Jairo Riedewald, Jesurun Rak-Sakyi.
FULHAM (4-3-3): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Issa Diop, Tim Ream, Antonee Robinson; Harrison Reed, Joao Palhinha, Andreas Pereira; Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Raul Jimenez, Willian.
FULHAM SUBS: Marek Rodak, Calvin Bassey, Harry Wilson, Tom Cairney, Fode Ballo-Toure, Rodrigo Muniz, Alex Iwobi, Carlos Vinicius, Tyrese Francois.
Palace make one change to the side that lost to Villa in their previous match. Guehi is back after recovering from an injury and captains the side at centre-back, with Richards dropping onto the bench.
Fulham make two alterations to the team that beat Luton in their last fixture. Robinson returns to the squad and takes the place of Kenny Tete, who is injured. Cordova-Reid is also named in the attack and replaces Wilson.
Fulham won this exact fixture 3-0 last season, but haven't won consecutive away league games against Crystal Palace since a run of three between 1974 and 1978. Both teams are now on the pitch and they are ready to get started.
Fulham get this Premier League match under way. Pereira with the first pass.
Fulham have kept the ball for the opening couple of minutes and are passing it around at a slow pace. They are looking to break Palace's rigid structure, but the hosts are deciding not to press with intensity in the early stages.
SAVE! Fulham have the first chance of the match. Willian turns on the ball inside Palace's half and lays a pass down the left to Robinson. The left-back breaks into space before looking for Pereira in the box, who forces Johnstone into making a strong save.
Reed is on the floor off the pitch after a heavy collision with Hughes. He holds his back before returning to his feet, with Fulham winning a throw-in.
The ball is loose outside Palace's box and Pereira looks to win it. Hughes gets ahead of him but pokes it across to Willian who is free. However, he was fouled by Pereira and the referee gives a free-kick to the home side.
Hughes is surrounded by a couple of Fulham players inside the Palace half before being fouled by Reed. He wants to take the free-kick quickly and drives a low pass into the feet of Eze, but the referee stops the game because the ball is rolling.
Diop is casual in possession and is beaten by the physicality of Edouard, who pushes him off the ball before feeding Eze down the left. He runs away and is free down the left, but the referee blows for a foul.
SAVE! Fulham are patient in possession and play a short passing game before finding Willian on the left. The winger drives across the edge of the box and curls a right-footed effort towards the bottom corner, but Johnstone gets down to push it away.
Palhinha plays a short corner from the left, with Fulham deciding to play the ball around their midfield before going back to the former Manchester United man on the right. He then curls a low cross into the box that is cleared away by Guehi.
Palhinha is shown the first yellow card of the game for pulling back Schlupp, who was breaking away with the ball.
Ayew gets the ball into Fulham's box for the first time in this game, but his inswinging cross from the right is headed away by Diop.
Ream fails to clear away Ward's chipped pass into Schlupp, who escapes him before being dragged to the floor moments before getting into the box. The centre-back is then shown a yellow card.
Eze is over the free-kick and loops a cross onto the head of Ward, who has his powerful effort blocked. Andersen was behind the right-back and looks confused as to why he did not get the chance to attack the ball.
Ream pushes Schlupp in the back and gives away a free-kick in a crossing position. Eze curls it into the box with his right foot towards Ayew, but Willian and Cordova-Reid work together to get it away.
The third yellow card of the game goes to Ayew, who fouls Palhinha in the air. The Fulham man is still on the floor and is receiving treatment.
Fulham's medical staff are taking their time and are doing all the required checks to make sure that Palhinha can continue. He is back on his feet and is walking off the pitch but will come back on.
Andersen is down after being hit by the elbow of Jimenez in the air. He briefly stays down before returning to his feet.
Guehi dribbles with the ball inside his own half before curling a pass down the left flank to Eze. However, his pass is too far away from his team-mate and Fulham have it back.
Eze receives the ball on the edge of the box and attempts to drive a pass down the left after spotting the run of Hughes. However, Diop is aware of the danger and rushes across to regain possession.
Fulham have been the better side in this game and have had a couple of good chances to score. They have only won one of their last 20 away Premier League London derbies (drawing five and losing 14), a 3-0 win at Crystal Palace last season.
Eze takes his time with a free-kick after adjusting the placement of the ball. He eventually blasts a low strike straight at Leno, ignoring the crossing options in the middle.
Castagne moves into the box and gets past a couple of defenders on the byline before driving a low shot into the gloves of Johnstone.
CHANCE! Reed plays a short pass into the feet of Pereira, who switches the ball from left to right into the feet of Jiménez. The striker takes a touch and is one-on-one with Johnstone, but his powerful strike is pushed behind.
Robinson attempts to slide an incisive pass down the left channel to Pereira, but Andersen gets in the way. Pereira then fouls the centre-back before going down after a slight nudge off the ball. The home fans then show their displeasure.
Cordova-Reid wins possession inside Palace's half and attempts to drive forward with the ball. He originally escapes Mitchell before being fouled by the left-back, who is shown a yellow card.
Pereira fakes a cross before launching a deep free-kick into Palace's box. Diop leaps in the air to get on the end of it, but the ball hits the top of his head and goes out for a goal-kick.
WIDE! Palace's first chance of the game comes through Eze. The England international receives the ball on the edge of the box and runs past Reed before curling his strike just wide of the post.
Castagne flashes a low cross into Palace's box, but nobody is there to attack it and Johnstone comes out to dive on the ball.
Schlupp wins a late corner off of Palhinha, who stops him from moving into the box. Andersen dives across to get onto the end of Eze's cross, but he cannot direct the ball towards the goal.
There will be four minutes of additional time.
There is a short stop to the game after a heavy challenge from Hughes on Willian. The former Chelsea man goes down holding his foot before getting back to his feet.
Ayew bursts down the right with the ball and evades Ream before chipping a cross into the box. However, it has too much height on it and is too close to Leno, allowing the goalkeeper to make a simple catch.
HALF-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 0-0 FULHAM
Fulham had the better chances before the break, but the game is goalless at half-time. Johnstone has been called into action a couple of times and denied Pereira inside the first three minutes. The former Manchester United man received the ball inside the box on the left and blasted his shot across the goal, with Johnstone making a smart stop. Willian then looked to break the deadlock with a curling effort angled towards the bottom corner, but the England international got across to push it wide. Palace were quiet for most of the half. However, Eze was always posing a threat. He arrived on the edge of the box and looked to whip a shot into the corner. However, it flashed just wide of the post.
Palace had just one shot on target before the break and must do more to support Edouard. The striker has had just 11 touches and has been kept quiet by Ream and Diop. Eze has shown fleeting moments of quality but has also not seen enough of the ball. As for Fulham, they started the game quickly before slowing down. Willian has shown his ability on the left, with the Cottagers looking much more effective in the attack due to the return of left-back Robinson. However, Palhinha must be careful in the midfield as he has already been shown a yellow card.
Palace get the ball rolling again. No changes at the break.
Hughes has the ball on his right foot but uses his quick feet to get past Palhinha and switch it over to his left. His curling effort from outside the box is then caught by Leno.
Diop has the ball inside Fulham's half and launches a long pass up the pitch. However, nobody makes the run and Palace have it back.
Ayew and Robinson get into a battle on the right just outside Fulham's box, with the Palace man moving his body one way and pushing the ball the other to get past the defender. He then blasts a low cross into the gloves of Leno.
Eze skips past Castagne and pokes a throughball down the left side of the box to Edouard, who has his blasted attempt pushed over by Leno. The flag then goes up for offside against the striker, who did not watch the line and was past the defence by a distance.
Pereira and Willian are over a free-kick on the right. The latter takes and curls a cross into the box that is headed away by Edouard.
Andersen displays his range of passing and switches the play from right to left towards Mitchell. He looks to volley a cross into the box, but it goes up in the air, allowing Diop to beat Eze to the ball.
PENALTY SHOUT! Mitchell gets down the left flank again and drags a low cross into the middle of the box. Eze looks to get onto the end of it but goes down under a challenge from Reed. He wants a penalty, but the referee ignores his claims.
Robinson has possession on the left and floats a high cross into the box. Jimenez beats Guehi in the air but heads his attempt over the bar.
Mitchell is on the floor inside Palace's box and requires medical attention. He walks off the pitch and will be able to continue.
Palace have been better since the restart and are protecting Johnstone well. They have lost just two of their last 12 home Premier League matches (winning four and drawing six), defeats against Man City in March and Arsenal in August. Since Roy Hodgson returned in April, the Eagles have picked up 14 points in seven league games at Selhurst Park (winning four, drawing two and losing one).
Hughes plays a short pass across to Eze, who unleashes a curling effort from the edge of the box. The ball hits the elbow of Castagne, but his arms were by his side.
Robinson displays his pace and pushes the ball past Ward, running the other way around him to get onto the end of it on the other side. The USA international then whips a cross into the box towards Jimenez, but Guehi gets across to head it away.
CHANCE! Fulham should have broke the deadlock. Cordova-Reid drives down the middle of the pitch and has options to his left and right outside the box. He slots a pass into the feet of Jimenez, who decides against shooting from a tight angle. He looks for Pereira, who is free next to the goal, but it evades his outstretched foot.
Doucoure is shown a yellow card for a late tackle on Willian outside the box.
Pereira and Willian are over the free-kick. The former takes it, crashing the wall with his attempt.
Palace make the first change of the game. Schlupp has been fantastic in this game and put  Palhinha and Ream on yellow cards, but he is now coming off. Mateta takes his place.
Willian switches the ball from left to right and finds Castagne on the byline. He attempts to direct a cross into the middle but gets it all wrong.
Palace have had most of the ball for the last couple of minutes, but have not been able to do anything with it. They have moved into Fulham's defensive third on a couple of occasions. However, the away side have defended their box well.
Eze moves into the middle of the pitch and looks to unlock Edouard on the right. However, his touch is poor, allowing Robinson to come away with the ball.
Fulham make their first change of the game. Pereira is usually an influential figure but has been quiet since the restart. Iwobi made a big impact off the bench against Luton and is being tasked with doing the same today.
The tempo of the game has dropped in the last 10 minutes. There have been a lot of loose passes and both teams are giving away possession cheaply. The match is there for the taking if Palace of Fulham improve their ability to create chances in the final 13 minutes.
Eze's outswinging corner is met by Andersen, but he heads the ball well over the bar.
Fulham make a straight swap in the attack. Jimenez is replaced by Vinicius, who scored the winning goal in the game against Luton.
Wilson also makes his way onto the pitch. Cordova-Reid is the player to come off.
Wilson is straight into the action and looks to make space for a shot on the edge of the box. However, Ayew tracks him all the way and makes the block.
Guehi has been vital for Palace at the heart of the defence. He gets ahead of Vinicius to head away another cross from Robinson.
SAVE! What a stop from Johnstone. Castagne keeps the ball on the pitch on the right and plays a short pass into the box to Reed, who drives a cross into the feet of Willian. He is free on the left and blasts a low shot across the goal that is blocked by Johnstone.
Mitchell breaks free on the left and floats a cross to the back on the box. Ayew makes a darting run to get onto the end of it and looks to have a free header, but Robinson makes a vital intervention.
CHANCE! Eze spots the run of Mateta, who breaks free of Fuham's defence and rushes into the box. He collects the ball well and looks to drive a shot across the goal and into the bottom corner, but his attempt is tame. Leno gets down and makes a simple stop.
Eze's inswinging corner from the left is cleared away. Fulham almost get a chance to break away on the counter after a poor pass from Doucoure, but Hughes slides across to stop them from getting forward.
Eze delicately chips the ball over Fulham's defence and into the path of Mateta, who is forced down the left. He then flashes a cross into Edouard, but the flag goes up for offside.
Edouard started the game up front but failed to have a shot in the match. Rak-Sakyi is on for the final three minutes.
Fulham have a late chance to score a winner. Robinson breaks forward with the ball and has options ahead of him, but waits for too long to thread a throughball into Vinicius, with the striker running offside.
FULL-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 0-0 FULHAM
Fulham had the better chances against Palace but couldn't find a way through Johnstone, with the game ending goalless. The Eagles shot-stopper goalkeeper denied Pereira inside the first three minutes before getting across his line to push Willian's whipped effort around the post later in the half. Jimenez also had a one-on-one opportunity, but the goalkeeper made himself big to block his attempt. They then went close to opening the scoring but squandered an opportunity. Cordova-Reid found Jimenez in the box, but he looked for a pass rather than a shot, with the ball rolling out for a goal-kick. Johnstone saved another shot from Willian, with Mateta having Palace's best chance. He escaped the defence but struck his effort into the gloves of Leno.
The Eagles now have back-to-back trips to Old Trafford and will face Manchester United in the third round of the EFL Cup before playing them again in the Premier League. As for Fulham, they will host Norwich City in the EFL Cup. Marco Silva’s men will then welcome Chelsea to Craven Cottage in the league.
That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Liverpool and West Ham at Anfield!
Liverpool are unbeaten in all competitions this season and are looking to continue that run as they aim to keep pace with the early league leaders, Manchester City. The Reds drew their opening game of the season, but have won their last five on the bounce, coming from behind in four of those games to win. After seeing off Wolves 3-1 in the league last weekend, they followed that up with a victory of the same scoreline against LASK in the Europa League on Thursday.
West Ham also started their Europa League campaign with a 3-1 win on Thursday, beating TSC to get the three points. In the Premier League, their own unbeaten start was brought to an end by City last weekend as they were seen off 3-1 by the reigning champions. Before that, they'd won three and drawn one of their first four games in the competition.
LIVERPOOL STARTING XI (4-3-3): Alisson; Joe Gomez, Joel Matip, Virgil van Dijk, Andy Robertson; Dominik Szoboszlai, Alexis Mac Allister, Curtis Jones; Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez, Luis Diaz.
LIVERPOOL SUBS: Jarell Quansah, Harvey Elliott, Wataru Endo, Diogo Jota, Caoimhin Kelleher, Ibrahima Konate, Kostas Tsimikas, Cody Gakpo, Ryan Gravenberch.
WEST HAM STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Kurt Zouma, Nayef Aguerd, Emerson; Tomas Soucek, Edson Alvarez; Jarrod Bowen, James Ward-Prowse, Lucas Paqueta; Michail Antonio.
WEST HAM SUBS: Angelo Ogbonna, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Mohammed Kudus, Danny Ings, Maxwel Cornet, Said Benrahma, Thilo Kehrer, Lukasz Fabianski, Pablo Fornals.
Jurgen Klopp changed his whole starting line-up for the trip to LASK in midweek, but today uses a similar team to the one that started against Wolves last weekend. There are three changes from that game, with Van Dijk available in the league again after serving his domestic ban. Nunez and Diaz also impressed in midweek to start today. Gravenberch is deemed fit enough for the bench after going off injured on Thursday.
David Moyes also made wholesale changes for their Europa League game, and he reverts back to the same line-up that started against City last Saturday. Alvarez and Bowen both missed the game on Thursday through fatigue and illness respectively, but they are back today. Aaron Cresswell is out after picking up a hamstring injury last time out.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
There's going to be a slight delay to kick-off as the referee is having some technical problems. He's getting his microphone pack readjusted on the sideline, but as soon as it's sorted, the game will get started.
Ward-Prowse gets the game underway for West Ham!
West Ham have made a bright start here as Alvarez plays himself out of a tight spot before picking out Ward-Prowse. He has acres of space but sweeps it out to Coufal who lifts a first-time cross in. Alisson awkwardly punches it away.
Liverpool are pushing forward down the right, and Szoboszlai manages to lay it off to Salah before he's tripped. Jones is making a late run to the far post, but the Egyptian's cross is too heavy for him to reach.
GREAT SAVE! Alvarez outmuscles Szoboszlai to win it on the left before Paqueta clips a good cross into the middle. Soucek has a free header in the middle and he thumps it towards the near bottom corner, but Alisson gets down quickly to tip it wide.
GREAT CHANCE! Soucek is looking to turn provider this time, and he curls a wonderful cross onto the edge of the six-yard box. Antonio runs onto it and heads it across goal, but he sends it wide.
Liverpool have lost just one of their last 50 league games at Anfield against West Ham - a 3-0 loss in August 2015 under Brendan Rodgers.
Liverpool are seeing a lot of the ball early on here, but they're struggling to pass their way through West Ham's compact shape. The hosts are switching it from side to side, but still not opening up any space.
Szoboszlai's free-kick is straight into the wall, and West Ham come away with the ball. Antonio has to wait for support to join him, and by that point, Liverpool have flooded back into their shape.
PENALTY TO LIVERPOOL! The hosts break quickly on the counter, but Diaz's pass is just slightly behind Nunez. It bounces kindly off his heel into Salah, who knocks it past Aguerd before tripping over the defender's outstretched leg. The referee points straight to the spot.
SALAH SCORES! There's no saving that! He steps up to take the penalty that he won, and he goes for power. Areola dives to the left, and Salah rifles it just to the right of the centre and into the back of the net. 1-0 Liverpool!
West Ham are still trying to press Liverpool high upfield, but they can't get close the Reds at the moment as they comfortably knock it around in their own half.
The home fans and players are asking for another penalty here. Gomez floats a cross towards Nunez from the right and he goes down under pressure from Zouma. There is a quick VAR check, but it's only a corner.
West Ham win a corner which is swung into the box by Ward-Prowse. Van Dijk half clears it in the middle but only gets it as far as Emerson. He drills a low shot through the crowd, but it's Szoboszlai that gets the deciding block.
Alvarez cuts out Mac Allister's pass and Ward-Prowse sweeps it out to Bowen on the right. He picks out Coufal's overlapping run, and he wins a free-kick when he's tripped by Robertson. It comes to nothing though.
Liverpool win a free-kick now and Robertson clips it in from the middle. Van Dijk heads it on from the middle of the crowd, and Diaz can't keep it in play at the byline.
Salah is the fifth player to either score or assist a goal in each of his team's first six games of a Premier League season, after David Beckham in 2000-01, Thierry Henry in 2004-05, Sergio Aguero in 2019-20 and Erling Haaland in 2022-23.
West Ham are staying compact, and Liverpool are patiently pressing them deeper into their own box. Szoboszlai debates taking a shot on from range before switching it to Gomez instead, but he can't pick out a cross.
Van Dijk lifts a lovely ball over the top to Gomez, and he just cushions it down for Salah. He slices at his cross, and it comes to Nunez too quickly for him to react in the middle.
Soucek wins the ball as he goes across Jones, and the youngster stays down holding his foot. He needs treatment, but he'll be okay to carry on.
Diaz threads a ball forward but is blocked off by Alvarez when he tries to continue his run. The Mexican is shown the first yellow card of the game.
WIDE! Areola is put under pressure from Diaz, and the keeper's clearance is cut out by Mac Allister. He helps it forward to the Colombian, who lays it off to Salah. It's not the cleanest strike from him, and it bobbles wide of the far post.
CHANCE! Bowen goes down in the box, but the referee signals Mac Allister got the ball as the away fans ask for a penalty. Coufal keeps it alive, pulling it back to Soucek, but his dragged shot is deflected wide.
BOWEN EQUALISES! Alvarez lifts it long over the top and Bowen nods it down for Antonio, who knocks it out to Coufal on the right before he's crowded off the ball. The right-back curls a cross in, and Bowen gets goalside of Van Dijk before diving to reach the ball. It bounces off the inside of the far post before rolling over the line. 1-1!
Coufal has two Liverpool players closing him down, but he squeezes his cross between both of them to pick out Bowen.
Robertson fizzes it forward for Diaz, but West Ham quickly flood back into their shape to stop him from getting a shot away. He squares it to Szoboszlai, but he decides against the long-range shot.
NO GOAL! Liverpool keep the pressure on as Szoboszlai plays a one-two with Diaz before clipping a ball towards the far post. Jones makes a run off the back of Aguerd before poking it past Areola at his far post. It won't count though as he just set off too early.
SAVE! Paqueta is crowded off the ball and Liverpool surge forward on the counter, with Salah leading the charge down the right. He plays a low cross into the middle and Nunez flicks it on, but it's straight into Areola's gloves.
Liverpool have one last chance to put the ball into the box with a corner, and Szoboslai floats it into the middle. Van Dijk nods it down into the middle, and Zouma stretches to take it away from Diaz just in time.
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 1-1 WEST HAM.
It's all square at the break, with Liverpool and West Ham drawing 1-1. The Hammers had two glorious chances early on, with Alisson making a great save to deny Soucek before Antonio headed wide. At the other end, Salah won a penalty after being tripped by Aguerd, and converted with a powerful spot-kick. Just before the break, Bowen levelled things up with a wonderful diving header that went in off the inside of the far post.
Klopp will be fairly pleased with his side's performance - unlike them this season, they opened the scoring and were showing a lot of threat, but without really testing Areola, which is something he'll want to improve on. Moyes will having been rueing those early chances they missed, but his side grew back into the game and got their reward. They just need to keep moving the ball quickly in the final third.
Liverpool get us back underway for the second half!
Liverpool have made a quick start to this half, and Robertson slides it forward for Diaz, who times his run perfectly. He squares it in from the byline, but Areola stops it from getting through with his legs.
A lot of the Reds' threat is coming down the left here and Robertson makes another good run down the left. He has two to aim for at the near post, but his cross is straight into Areola's gloves.
Moyes has never won in 18 previous Premier League away games against Liverpool (D6 L12). The only occasion of a manager taking charge of more away games against a side without ever winning is Moyes himself (19 at Arsenal).
WHAT A MISS! It's crowded on the edge of the West Ham penalty area, but Salah manages to poke it through to Nunez. He spins, but somehow gets it all wrong as he fires his shot well wide of the far post.
Ward-Prowse whips in a free-kick from the right this time, and Bowen has a free header as he gets between Van Dijk and Nunez. He flicks his header on, but this one is straight at Alisson.
It's an outstanding run from Paqueta, who plays a one-two with Emerson on the left. He knocks it past Szoboszlai before skilfully flicking it over Mac Allister. The Argentinian has no option but to bring him down in the end.
Salah finds himself in space down the right, and he manages to square it into the middle before he's closed down. He's looking to pick out Nunez, but Aguerd hooks it away.
NUNEZ SCORES! West Ham don't clear their lines properly and it comes out to Mac Allister. He spins, expecting pressure that never comes, and it gives him time to lift a wonderful ball over the top. Nunez times his run and watches it drop over his shoulder so he can meet it on the volley. He hits it across goal, sending it over Areola's outstretched hand. 2-1 Liverpool!
It was poor play from West Ham as none of the players attempted to put any pressure on Mac Allister, and he had all the time in the world.
SAVE! Again, West Ham are slow to close down, and Jones decides to try his luck from just outside the box. Zouma lazily sticks out a leg which sends the ball looping towards goal, and Areola takes no chances as he tips it onto the roof of the net.
West Ham just can't get on the ball at the moment. They're still pressing high upfield, but Liverpool's confidence is up, and they're easily playing around them.
SAVE! Liverpool go more direct, with Gomez touching it through for Salah, who threads it into the box for Diaz. Areola is alert though, and rushes out to block it before the Colombian can get a touch.
It's another good run between the two West Ham defenders by Nunez, and Szoboszlai tries to pick it out. It's just a bit heavy though, and Zouma is able to shield it back to the keeper.
Still, the Reds are on top and Jones makes a driving run through the middle. He decides to have another go from the edge of the box, but he fires this one straight at Aguerd.
West Ham move it quicker, and it gets Bowen into the box with the ball. The angle is against him on the right, but he still takes on the shot, though it's blocked by Van Dijk.
West Ham are making a double change as they look to get back on level terms. Soucek is the first to go off, with Fornals on for him.
And Antonio is making way for Kudus.
It's sent long over the top for Liverpool again, but Emerson gets there first to help it back to Areola. Nunez puts some pressure on the goalkeeper, but can't force him into an error.
Liverpool's first change sees Gravenberch come on in place of Jones.
Emerson's throughball bounces fortunately out to Fornals on the left and he cuts inside. Kudus is making a dart to the far post, but the Spaniard hits a weak shot on goal instead. It's comfortable for Alisson.
There's another change for Liverpool, and this one's a double one. Diaz is taken off, with Jota on in his place.
And Nunez, whose goal is the difference at the moment, is replaced by Gakpo.
Gakpo tries to spin away from Zouma, but the defender crashes into him, stepping on his ankle. The West Ham captain goes into the book.
West Ham are struggling to get upfield and Gravenberch intercepts an attack before helping it onto Gakpo. He tries another clever spin and manages to win a corner.
JOTA SCORES! And that should do it for Liverpool! Robertson goes over to take the corner and he picks out Van Dijk on the edge of the six-yard box. He heads it across goal where Jota is waiting, and he helps it into the back of the net from close range. 3-1 Liverpool!
Van Dijk rose high above his marker to get on the end of Robertson's corner, and it's a good header down into a dangerous area.
West Ham's third change sees Paqueta go off for Ings.
Liverpool's final change sees Endo come on to replace Mac Allister.
It's a brilliant driving run from Jota down the left, and he chooses to go it alone as he cuts inside. He steps around Zouma before firing a shot on goal, but Coufal gets in the way of it.
The referee originally played the advantage, but now pulls it back for a Liverpool free-kick. Robertson clips it to Van Dijk at the far post, and he nods it down to Gakpo. His header is straight at Areola.
West Ham have won a late free-kick that Ward-Prowse floats deep into the box. He's looking for Fornals, but Van Dijk hooks it away.
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 3-1 WEST HAM.
Liverpool's unbeaten start to the season continues with a 3-1 win over West Ham. They took the lead from the penalty spot through Salah, but it was against the run of play after the Hammers missed two glorious early chances. The visitors pulled level just before the break though as Bowen scored a wonderful diving header. The second half belonged to Liverpool though, and Nunez fired them ahead with a sweetly hit volley before Jota rounded things off late on as he poked in Van Dijk's knockdown from close range.
That's Liverpool's sixth win on the bounce in all competitions, and it lifts them up to second in the table. Next up for them is Leicester City in the EFL Cup. West Ham suffer back-to-back 3-1 defeats in the league and will be hoping to bounce back against Lincoln City in the EFL Cup.
That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League clash as Luton Town face Wolves at Kenilworth Road!
We've got an early-season six-pointer for you here as Luton face Wolves. The hosts are the only Premier League side still seeking their first point of the season ahead of matchday six, after Burnley claimed a draw at Nottingham Forest on Monday. Rob Edwards' Hatters could become the sixth team in Premier League history to start a season with five straight defeats – three of the previous five finished bottom of the table.
There have been plenty of positives for Gary O'Neil to take from Wolves' early-season showings, but last week's 3-1 defeat to Liverpool left them with three points from their first five matches of the Premier League season. The likes of Pedro Neto, Jean-Ricner Bellegarde and Joao Gomes impressed against the Reds, but Wolves ran out of steam in the second half after taking an early lead. O'Neil will be aware of the need to turn encouraging performances into results, particularly against their fellow strugglers.
LUTON TOWN (5-2-3): Thomas Kaminski; Issa Kabore, Reece Burke, Tom Lockyer, Amari'i Bell, Alfie Doughty; Marvelous Nakamba, Albert Sambi Lokonga; Jacob Brown, Carlton Morris, Chiedozie Ogbene.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: Tim Krul, Mads Andersen, Luke Berry, Cauley Woodrow, Elijah Adebayo, Tahith Chong, Teden Mengi, Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu, Ryan Giles.
WOLVES (4-2-3-1): Jose Sa; Nelson Semedo, Maximilian Kilman, Craig Dawson, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Joao Gomes, Mario Lemina; Hwang Hee-chan, Jean-Ricner Bellegarde, Pedro Neto; Matheus Cunha.
WOLVES SUBS: Dan Bentley, Matt Doherty, Boubacar Traore, Fabio Silva, Hugo Bueno, Sasa Kalajdzic, Tommy Doyle, Pablo Sarabia, Toti Gomes.
Edwards makes two changes to the team that started last week's defeat at Fulham. Ross Barkley is still absent due to a hamstring injury, while Andersen and Chong drop to the bench. Ogbene and Doughty come in, with former Wolves wing-back Giles among the substitutes again.
Wolves, meanwhile, are unchanged from last week's 3-1 loss to Liverpool. O'Neil's men started that game at breakneck speed and it will be interesting to see whether they can maintain that intensity against less-fancied opponents. Neto leads the Premier League charts for assists (four) and chances created (17) this campaign and should offer a direct outlet on the visitors' left flank.
Luton are just the second team to lose their first four games as a Premier League club, along with Swindon Town in 1993, who drew 0-0 at Norwich City in their fifth game. Can the Hatters get their campaign up and running here? Kick-off is approaching and we're about to find out!
We're under way for just the second Premier League game to be played at Kenilworth Road! The hosts get us going and go long straight away, but the ball is quickly with Sa.
As you would expect, there's a fantastic atmosphere here. Luton win a free-kick out wide on the right as Ait-Nouri brings Ogbene down. They'll look to lift this into the Wolves area.
It's played short to Doughty, but his left-footed strike is straight into the wall before Brown sees a cross blocked by Semedo.
Gomes goes down after being caught in midfield, but the Brazilian is swiftly back to his feet. It's been a scrappy, high-octane start, which Luton won't mind one bit! They'll be keen to turn this contest into a physical battle.
Chance! Ogbene gets down the left to swing a cross into Wolves' area. His delivery is over Morris and Brown is attacking it at the far post, but Ait-Nouri does brilliantly to nod it behind his own goal.
Luton fail to make anything of the game's first corner before Bell sees his second delivery blocked. They've done a good job of penning Wolves back early on, however.
Wolves are struggling here! Sa flaps at Bell's deep cross, but there is no orange shirt there to attack the loose ball. Hwang then looks to break, but he runs it straight out of play on the visitors' left!
Wolves – donning their sky blue third kit – come forward for the first time, but Hwang is caught offside from Ait-Nouri's ball in behind.
OFF THE POST! Luton go so close to the opener! Morris latches onto a loose ball 20 yards from goal before shifting it onto his right foot. His curling, long-range effort has Sa beaten, but it bounces off the upright and the visitors can clear!
Luton are the Premier League's joint-lowest scorers with two goals (alongside Everton), while only Burnley (12) and Wolves (11) have conceded more than their 10 goals against, even though the Hatters have only played four matches. They have made an impressive start to this game, however.
This is a concerning moment for Wolves. Sa has gone down in the goalmouth, holding his left foot and appearing to be in some discomfort. He needs to receive treatment, though the home fans are not particularly sympathetic.
Sa is back on his feet and looks set to continue for now.
Luton are quick to drop into a 5-2-3 shape whenever they lose the ball. Wolves are struggling to get the likes of Cunha, Bellegarde and Neto involved on a regular basis – Neto has only had one touch.
Luton threaten down the left once again as Doughty finds space for a cross. He hangs it up towards Brown at the far post, but his header is straight at Sa. It's been one-way traffic so far!
Blocked by his own team-mate! Brown finds space for a shot just inside the area, but Morris gets in the way of his effort! Doughty then wins – and takes – a free-kick on the left, which Brown glances comfortably over the crossbar.
Luton have managed seven shots to Wolves' zero so far, though the Hatters have only hit the target once. They need to make this spell of sustained pressure count. Lemina concedes a corner on the Luton left.
The corner is cleared by the first defender, and a scrappy passage of play ends with Wolves receiving a goal-kick. The visitors have appeared rattled by Luton's physicality early on.
Hwang goes down following a tussle with Bell on halfway, claiming he was caught in the face. There was contact, but it was certainly accidental.
Neto finally gets a chance to run at Kabore. He beats the right wing-back with ease before flashing a cross across the face of goal, but there are no blue shirts attacking it.
This is the first top-flight meeting between Luton and Wolves since the 1983-84 campaign, with the Hatters winning home (4-0) and away (2-1) games against Wolves that season, when the Molineux men went on to finish bottom.
Cunha finds Neto out wide to start a Wolves break, and the winger plays it left to Ait-Nouri. The left-back sees his cutback turned behind for a corner, from which Brown stands firm to clear.
Bellegarde swings a right-footed delivery towards the far post, where Morris decides to let it run. He hadn't seen Kilman lurking behind him, but the Wolves captain is unable to keep it alive.
Wolves have settled down and are enjoying more time on the ball as we pass the half-hour mark, but they are yet to trouble Kaminski in the Luton goal.
Wolves are enjoying a sustained spell of possession inside Luton's half now, but that Hatters block continues to stand firm and deny the visitors space.
The referee halts play as both Kabore and Brown are left in a heap. Brown looks to have been caught on the top of the head by Kilman, while Kabore is holding his leg. Both men require treatment.
Both teams take the opportunity to receive instructions from the managers, before Wolves restart the game with a drop-ball. Brown and Kabore are both able to continue.
Wolves are still yet to record a shot of any kind in this match, though they are beginning to exercise some control in midfield as Gomes is fouled by Lokonga.
RED CARD FOR BELLEGARDE! WOLVES ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN! Lockyer and Bellegarde tussle for the ball and both men go down. Caught between the Luton man's legs, Bellegarde looks to escape and kicks out at the Hatters' defender. The referee calls the play back and issues a red card!
There's a VAR review to check whether Bellegarde's kick warranted a straight red card, but the on-field decision is swiftly confirmed! The Wolves man might feel hard done by as he was looking to escape a tangle of legs, but you can't lash out like that!
O'Neil will be absolutely furious. Just as Wolves were beginning to take control of the contest, they pick up a straight red card. It's going to be a long 50 minutes or so for the visitors now!
WHAT A LET-OFF FOR WOLVES! Dawson plays a no-look pass back towards his own goal, not realising Sa had moved off his line! Brown is looking to turn the ball into an unguarded net, but Kilman gets back to clear!
Lemina's quick free-kick almost gets Neto in behind, but Lockyer gets back with a huge tackle to deny the Portugal winger a clear sight of goal.
We're into five minutes of additional time before the break, with Luton still on the attack. Gomes' foul on Kabore gives the Hatters a set-piece chance from the right flank.
Gomes clearly won the ball with that challenge, but the referee opts to show the midfielder a yellow card.
The Wolves defence stands firm to clear from the free-kick. Luton keep the attack alive as Doughty delivers from the left, but Ait-Nouri clears with a fine defensive header.
Neto fouls Bell in the Luton left-back position. This has been such a frustrating 45 minutes for the visitors, and they need to keep cool heads.
Luton win another corner, which Lokonga swings straight out of play. Wolves look to have done enough to reach half-time still level.
HALF-TIME: LUTON TOWN 0-0 WOLVES.
It's still goalless as we reach the interval at Kenilworth Road, and what a chance this could be for Luton to get off the mark! The Hatters pushed Wolves back from the off and went close to a spectacular opener when Morris struck the post from range. Just as the visitors looked to be taking control of the match, Bellegarde was shown a straight red card for a mindless kick on Lockyer! Wolves have it all to do from here, and Luton will surely smell blood!
Wolves are yet to manage a shot at goal here, with Luton trying their luck nine times but only hitting the target twice. This could be a long second half for O'Neil's men, who need a rethink after struggling to contain their physically imposing hosts.
With Wolves a man down and struggling, O'Neil turns to his bench at the break. Doherty is on for Ait-Nouri.
Hwang, meanwhile, is replaced by Toti. Those changes will surely mean a change of shape for the visitors, perhaps to a back three.
We're back under way for the second half as Cunha gets the ball rolling for Wolves. Can the 10-man visitors find a way to pose a threat?
Luton come forward through Burke, who cuts inside and sees his shot smothered by Kilman's block. There's a half-hearted handball appeal from the hosts, but the referee shakes his head.
GOOD SAVE! Semedo gifts possession to Morris with a dreadful pass, and the striker waits for Ogbene to arrive with an overlapping run before picking him out. Ogbene returns the favour with a chipped cross, and Morris' header is parried and eventually held by Sa.
GOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLL! NETO PUTS WOLVES AHEAD! The 10 men have the lead, and what a brilliant solo goal it is from Neto! The in-form winger beats Lockyer to Gomes' pass before cutting inside from the right and blasting his finish beyond Kaminski! 1-0 Wolves!
That is a hammer blow for Luton, who have been well on top and were looking to press their numerical advantage home. Wolves score from their first shot of the game!
Luton win a free-kick on the right and work it infield for Nakamba. The midfielder looks to stand up a cross to the far post, but it drifts harmlessly out of play.
Brown battles with Toti and sends his opponent tumbling inside the Wolves box before winning a corner off him.
Doughty's corner is headed away by Semedo. Morris picks it up on the opposite flank and throws himself to ground under pressure from Toti. He wants a free-kick, but the referee says no.
Wolves only managed three touches in Luton's area before the break, but their fourth of the match resulted in Neto's opening goal. Can they hold on?
Neto is enjoying himself now. He turns Bell inside-out, beating him three times before the Luton man grows impatient and hauls him down. Wolves have a free-kick out wide on the right.
Mpanzu replaces Lokonga as Luton make their first substitution of the match.
DOUBLE SAVE! Neto swings the free-kick towards the back post, where Lemina stretches to meet it with a diving header. Kaminski is only able to parry his bouncing effort, then the Luton goalkeeper reacts well to smother Kilman's shot on the rebound. Wolves could have been 2-0 up!
Wolves are unbeaten in their last seven league games against Luton (W4 D3), winning the last three in a row. This is their first such meeting since a 3-2 win at Kenilworth Road in March 2007. Current Luton boss Edwards started at right-back for Wolves on that day.
Over! Luton threaten as Mpanzu threads a neat pass into Morris' feet, only for Kilman to step in with a crucial intervention. The ball drops kindly for Doughty, who flashes his effort just over the bar!
Wolves have been playing with a back three since making their half-time changes, with Toti joining Dawson and Kilman in the backline. Semedo is at right wing-back, with Doherty taking up an unfamiliar left wing-back role.
PENALTY LUTON! Brown picks out Kabore on the overlap, and the Luton right wing-back checks inside before shooting. The ball strikes Gomes on his outstretched arm, and the referee immediately points to the spot! There will be a VAR check, however, as the ball struck Gomes' foot first!
CHECK COMPLETE, THE PENALTY STANDS! The ball hit Gomes' foot before bouncing onto his hand, but with his arm in an unnatural position, the spot-kick stands! Morris has a huge chance to level this match…
GOOOOAAAAAAAAAL! MORRIS SCORES! The Luton striker shows great composure to send Sa the wrong way, rolling the spot-kick into the bottom-left corner! It's 1-1, and now Luton will be looking to win it!
The Kenilworth Road crowd are up for this now! Ogbene gets away from Dawson on the left before seeing his cross deflect behind for a corner!
Big chance! The corner is delivered through the crowd and finds Nakamba peeling away to the penalty spot, but the midfielder completely mishits his volley and it drops wide.
The momentum is with Luton now, with Wolves unable to keep hold of the ball. Neto sees an appeal for a free-kick turned down before Ogbene leads a Luton break, eventually seeing a shot deflect wide off Dawson.
Luton fail to make anything of their latest corner, but they retain possession inside the Wolves half through Mpanzu. Kilman gets under his left-wing cross to head it clear.
Well, this is a surprising change from O'Neil. Traore replaces Cunha in a switch that leaves Wolves without a recognised forward. He clearly sees a need for more legs in midfield.
Edwards responds with two substitutions of his own. Giles is on for Doughty on the left.
Woodrow, meanwhile, takes Brown's place in attack.
Heading into matchday six, only Aston Villa's Lucas Digne (32) and Wolves star Neto (25) had attempted more open-play crosses than Giles (19) in the Premier League.
Lemina stays down following a coming together with Morris, who caught the Wolves man with a flailing arm. There's a swift VAR check, but the contact from Morris was unintentional. Giles then delivers a left-wing free-kick, but Sa is able to claim the second ball.
Wolves haven't had an attack of any kind since Neto opened the scoring. Doherty attempts to get something going down the left, but his shove on Kabore grants Luton a free-kick.
Traore does brilliantly to get Wolves moving forward with little support. Semedo then tries to link up with Neto, but the attack breaks down.
Wolves are effectively playing 5-3-1 now, with Neto the only recognised attacking player left on the pitch for the visitors.
Luton's players are incandescent with rage as Nakamba is penalised for a challenge on Lemina. The Wolves man had overdone it inside his own half, and had the foul not been awarded, the Hatters were away.
We're into the final 10 minutes of the 90 here with the Kenilworth Road crowd urging Luton forwards. Will there be another twist?
Luton win a corner, which Giles swings towards the near post. Dawson is there to clear before Neto attempts to break, but he's all alone and is swiftly crowded out inside the Luton half.
Gomes does well to dispossess Kabore before winning a free-kick inside his own half. Wolves are about to turn to their bench again.
Hugo Bueno replaces Semedo and heads over to the left. Doherty will end the game at right wing-back.
Bueno is tested immediately as Kabore beats him for pace down the Luton right. The young Spaniard has to block the cross behind for another Hatters corner.
Kabore is withdrawn ahead of the corner being taken, with Adebayo on in an attacking change from Edwards.
Danger! Giles' delivery causes a scramble in the area as Burke puts Sa under pressure. His punch is weak, and Traore has to clear in acrobatic fashion. Luton then come again through Mpanzu, but his awkward effort flies well over the crossbar.
Woodrow pulls wide to cross into the area, but Lockyer sends his header well over Sa's crossbar. We're into the final two minutes of the 90, with Luton the only team offering anything as an attacking force.
GOOOAAAAAALLL, BUT WAIT, THE FLAG IS UP! Luton think they have a winner as Mpanzu's shot deflects off a blue shirt and lands kindly for Ogbene, who tucks his left-footed finish past Sa. The flag is quickly raised, however, and a VAR check confirms the Luton man went too early!
O'Neil makes another change as Doyle replaces Gomes in the Wolves midfield.
We're into SIX added minutes at the end of this game! There could be more than that, however, with Neto currently down after being caught in the face.
Neto is still receiving treatment, lying down on the turf. Wolves will be happy to take the sting out of this game.
Neto is back up and Luton can get the game restarted. They're still looking for a late winner!
OVER! Sa comes for a cross and drops it under pressure from Adebayo. The ball falls for Woodrow, who looks to lift his effort over three Wolves defenders on the goal line, but it drops onto the roof of the net.
Ogbene cuts inside before swinging a cross towards the far post, but Doherty does well to shield the ball away from Giles and behind.
Lemina goes into the book for a heavy challenge on halfway.
Luton keep Wolves penned back, working the ball down the right. It's cut back towards Woodrow, who shoots first time… but Traore deflects it behind for a late corner!
Giles' corner is cleared at the near post, but Neto fails to make any headway on the counter-attack. Do Luton have time to create one last chance?
FULL-TIME: LUTON TOWN 1-1 WOLVES.
The full-time whistle sounds at Kenilworth Road, and while Luton have their first point as a Premier League club, they may well see this 1-1 draw as a missed opportunity! The Hatters played over 50 minutes with a numerical advantage after Bellegarde was dismissed for a petulant kick, but they failed to make the most of their dominance. Wolves threatened to take all three points when Neto scored a brilliant solo goal on the break, but Luton hit back through Morris' penalty. Wolves will feel aggrieved by the award of that spot-kick, with the ball striking Gomes' foot before deflecting onto his hand.
Luton remain bottom of the pile with a single point to their name, though they will go above Burnley if the Clarets lose to Manchester United in Saturday's late kick-off. Wolves, meanwhile, jump above Bournemouth into 15th place with four points from six matches. After their midweek EFL Cup exertions, Luton visit Everton and Wolves host champions Manchester City!
We hope you've enjoyed our coverage of this hard-fought Premier League fixture. Until next time, it's goodbye from us!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Manchester City and Nottingham Forest at the Etihad Stadium.
After claiming a historic treble last season, the Citizens have started this term in similarly impressive fashion, taking victories in all five of their Premier League outings while coming from behind to beat Red Star Belgrade in the Champions League in midweek. Another league win here will boost their chances of lifting a sixth title in the space of seven campaigns.
The visitors may have narrowly avoided relegation last season, but they have fared well in the early stages of this one, currently sitting in the top eight of the Premier League having taken seven points from their first five matches. They are right up against it here, though, with the 6-0 hammering they suffered here last campaign sure to be playing on the mind of the Forest squad.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-2-3-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Manuel Akanji, Ruben Dias, Josko Gvardiol; Matheus Nunes, Rodri; Phil Foden, Julian Alvarez, Jeremy Doku; Erling Haaland.
SUBS: Scott Carson, Rico Lewis, Stefan Ortega, Oscar Bobb, Jack Grealish, Nathan Ake, Kalvin Phillips, Sergio Gomez.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (3-5-2): Matt Turner; Willy Boly, Moussa Niakhate, Ola Aina; Serge Aurier, Nicolas Dominguez, Ibrahim Sangare, Orel Mangala, Nuno Tavares; Taiwo Awoniyi, Morgan Gibbs-White.
SUBS: Chris Wood, Anthony Elanga, Odisseas Vlachodimos, Divock Origi, Ryan Yates, Joe Worrall, Callum Hudson-Odoi, Gonzalo Montiel, Cheikhou Kouyate.
Pep Guardiola makes three changes from the 3-1 win over Red Star as Akanji and Gvardiol replace Ake and Gomez in the back four while Doku comes in for Bernardo Silva, who picked up a knock in that game and joins an already busy physio room that includes the likes of Kevin De Bruyne, Mateo Kovacic and John Stones. Guardiola is boosted by the return of Grealish, though, as the winger is fit enough to be named on the bench.
Steve Cooper makes five alterations from the 1-1 draw with Burnley last time out. Hudson-Odoi scored a brilliant equaliser in that game, but he drops to the bench alongside Elanga as Tavares and Dominguez come in. Boly, Niakhate and Aurier also start ahead of Montiel, Worrall and Scott McKenna, the latter of whom misses out altogether.
The two teams make their way onto the pitch at the Etihad Stadium and we are now moments from kick-off.
The hosts kick us off and we are under way in sunny Manchester!
Haaland is hauled down by Boly near the edge of the box as Alvarez looked to play him in, and City will have a free-kick in a great shooting position.
Alvarez scored directly from a free-kick against Red Star in midweek, but his powerful effort is beaten away by Turner on this occasion.
Forest are playing with 10 of their players behind the ball, trying to fill the spaces that City are such experts at exploiting.
GOAL!!! FODEN PUTS CITY AHEAD!!! It all comes from a sublime Rodri pass, as he lofts a brilliant throughball over the top for Walker. The right-back takes it in his stride before teeing up Foden, who shows all of his great technique to blast into the bottom corner and give the hosts a 1-0 lead!
Walker's assist was perfectly weighted for Foden to thump home.
City have now scored in their last 36 Premier League home games.
It already looks like it could be a long remainder of this game for Forest, who are struggling to get out of their own half at the moment. Awoniyi is looking pretty isolated up top for the visitors.
Walker gets to the byline before trying to find Haaland with a cross, though Boly is well-placed to divert behind for a corner, which then comes to nothing.
GOAL!!! HAALAND MAKES IT 2-0!!! Tavares gives the ball away in a dangerous position and City take full advantage. Foden plays a clever pass through to Nunes, who lofts a sublime delivery to the back post for Haaland. In typically ruthless fashion, the Norway international powers home his header, giving Turner no chance to put his team 2-0 up!
Nunes' cross found Haaland in space before the City forward thundered home his header.
Haaland has now scored in his last four games in the Premier League (six goals in total)
Akanji goes in the book for bringing down Awoniyi. Perhaps more pressing, though, is that Forest will have a free-kick in a dangerous position. Who will be trusted to take it?
After a lengthy delay, Gibbs-White's free-kick is not worth the wait as it hits the wall. The ball does deflect behind for a corner, but City deal with that with ease.
Tavares is booked for cynically bringing down Doku as City looked to counter.
There were 46 passes in the build-up to Foden's opener, the second most on record (since 2006-07) in a Premier League game after 48 passes in the build-up to Nacer Chadli’s goal for Tottenham against QPR in August 2014.
Space opens up for Alvarez to smash towards goal, but his powerful effort is straight down the throat of Turner and the Forest goalkeeper makes the save.
Haaland already has eight Premier League goals this season, racking up another strike on his sixth appearance of 2023-24 versus Forest here. However, his first six Premier League appearances last season saw him score 10, so he is still behind that extraordinary scoring rate.
City nearly have a third as Doku shows quick feet to skip past Aina before finding Alvarez, but the Argentina international's eventual effort is blocked behind for a corner by Boly.
City are unbeaten in six league games against Forest (four wins, two draws) since a 3-2 home defeat in the second tier in December 1997, and that run looks like it will be extended to seven here.
Cooper may be forced into a change here with Tavares down and clutching his groin. He looks in some discomfort.
Tavares is going to try and play on, though he does not look to be moving entirely freely. Can City take advantage of that?
He bravely tried to play on, but Tavares' race finally looks run as he goes down again.
Tavares does indeed limp off, and Montiel comes on to replace him.
Forest players are left fuming as Aurier is penalised for going through the back of Doku around 30 yards out from their goal. There will be further outrage if Alvarez can find the back of the net with the resulting free-kick.
Alvarez's free-kick is blocked by Boly in the wall, though the hosts will have another chance to score a third as Foden heads over to take a corner.
Foden takes the set-piece short to Alvarez, but the substitute Montiel is alert to race out and snuff out the danger by forcing City backwards.
There will be five minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
Sangare is booked for a late challenge on Rodri in midfield.
Forest are yet to have a shot on target in this game.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 2-0 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
City are in control as they take a 2-0 lead into the break at the Etihad Stadium thanks to goals from Foden and Haaland. The hosts were ahead after just seven minutes, Rodri's excellent lofted pass unlocking the Forest defence before Walker teed up Foden to lash into the bottom corner. Turner also had no chance as Haaland doubled City's lead after 14 minutes, Foden again playing a big part as he played in Nunes, who lofted a deft cross over for Haaland to nod home. The visitors must have been dreading the rest of the opening 45 minutes, though they did manage to restrict the Citizens to just the two first-half goals and give themselves a slender chance of a comeback after the interval.
City are imperious at home, last dropping points at the Etihad Stadium on New Year's Eve in 2022, when they were held to a 1-1 draw by Everton. It will be interesting to see whether Cooper looks to take risks in the chance of a surprise come-from-behind result, or whether he will opt to shut up shop and protect his team from the same kind of damaging defeat they suffered here last season.
Cooper's side get us back under way for the second period.
CITY ARE DOWN TO 10!! Rodri and Gibbs-White clash in the corner, and the City midfielder appears to grab at his throat, sending the Forest man tumbling to the turf. The referee sprints over to separate the pair, before brandishing a red card to Rodri. There will be a VAR check, though, to rule whether the sending-off will stand...
Gibbs-White sees yellow for his part in the fracas.
RODRI IS OFF!!! The VAR review agrees with the referee's initial decision to send the midfielder off, and he is forced to make his way from the field! That was very naive from such an experienced player.
City seemed to be in complete control before that incident. How will Forest look to press home their numerical advantage?
The visitors work a corner short before the ball ends up at the feet of Mangala outside the box, but the midfielder's shot is ballooned high over the crossbar.
Doku is the man Guardiola chooses to sacrifice as Phillips comes on to fill the gap created by Rodri's dismissal.
Forest’s first completed pass came after seven minutes and 36 seconds in the first half. Prior to City's opener, the visitors had had just six touches.
Aina flies past Walker down the left, forcing Akanji to come and clear behind for a corner. Cooper's men look like they have been revitalised by the red card.
Cooper looks to his bench, bringing on Elanga for Sangare.
In another attacking change, Hudson-Odoi comes on for Aurier. Can the former Chelsea man replicate the heroics he produced against Burnley?
Alvarez is replaced by Ake.
A superb long ball from Boly puts Awoniyi in, but he is quickly closed down by Ederson and the Forest striker can only loft high over the crossbar.
There was a bit of a melee between Ederson and Awoniyi after that missed opportunity, with the City goalkeeper unhappy with his opponent for trying to win a penalty. The Brazil international is booked for the incident.
Awoniyi also sees yellow.
This is just Forest's third visit to the Etihad Stadium to face City – they won an FA Cup tie 3-0 in January 2009, before losing this exact fixture 6-0 in August last season.
Dominguez tries to curl home from range, but he cannot get enough bend on his effort and Ederson watches it fly well wide of his post.
Foden flies past Boly like the Forest defender is not even there. He gets all the way into the visitors' box, but his attempt to cross for Haaland is blocked behind by Montiel.
After having just 23.4 per cent of the possession in the first half, Cooper's men have had 72.1 per cent of the ball since the break. They are yet to really trouble City though.
If the visitors are to find a way back into this game, they will have to provide more attacking threat having not been able to record a shot on target so far.
Elanga tries to arrow a cross towards the back post for Awoniyi, but the delivery fails to find its desired target and City will have a goal-kick.
Gvardiol can only nod a cross to the waiting Elanga at the back post, but the substitute's shot is easily saved by Ederson. Forest are getting closer.
Rodri's sending off (45 minutes and 27 seconds) was the fastest red card shown from the start of a second half on record in the Premier League (since 2006-07).
Cooper is gambling as he brings on two strikers. Origi enters the fray in place of Aina.
Wood is on to replace Awoniyi.
Mangala catches Foden in midfield and receives a yellow card for his troubles.
A great chance for City to kill the game goes begging as Ake gets on the end of a diagonal free-kick. The substitute manages to get the ball across to Haaland, but the pass is at an awkward height for the prolific forward and he can only fire over the crossbar. Will the hosts regret that miss come full-time?
With 10 minutes to play, City still hold a two-goal advantage, though they have looked a little nervy since Rodri's red card.
Origi is booked after his high boot catches Gvardiol as the pair battled for an aerial ball.
Gvardiol required a bit of treatment after the foul on him, though he is now back on his feet and okay to continue.
Space opens up for Origi to smash goalwards, but a couple of City defenders are there to block the striker's effort away from danger.
Grealish returns from injury to make his first appearance since late August, coming on for Foden.
There is a brief moment of concern for the hosts as a clearance in their box comes off Elanga and flies goalwards, though thankfully for them, the ball smashes into the side netting.
The fourth official puts up his board and indicates there will be seven minutes of additional time at the end of this match. Can Forest set up a grandstand finish?
Gibbs-White whips a free-kick into the hosts' box, but the ball somehow evades everybody before skimming away harmlessly for a throw-in.
There is another flashpoint as Montiel clashes with Grealish near the touchline, for which the Forest man receives a yellow card.
Grealish also goes in the book.
Ederson makes a brilliant save to palm Elanga's full-blooded effort away, then makes another decent stop to deny Boly from range.
Ederson takes the pressure off his defenders as he comes out and claims a cross from the left. City are nearly there.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 2-0 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
The full-time whistle blows as City take the points in an occasionally ill-tempered clash at the Etihad Stadium. They run out 2-0 victors, set on their way by Foden's fine finish in just the seventh minute after Rodri's superb pass had carved open the Forest defence. Haaland made it 2-0 shortly after, thumping home a header from Nunes' deft cross as the visitors made it to the break just the two goals behind. They were then handed a lifeline just 27 seconds into the second half, their hosts reduced to 10 men with Rodri given his marching orders for grabbing the throat of Gibbs-White. Cooper's side failed to make their numerical advantage count, though, and City saw out the remaining minutes with relative ease to secure another win.
With most of their challengers at the top yet to play this weekend, City extend their lead at the Premier League summit to five points as they retain their perfect record to kick off this campaign. They face Newcastle United in EFL Cup action next, the only competition they failed to win last season. For Forest, whether they stay up will not be dictated by games against the likes of City and Cooper will find some pleasure in how his team did not crumble in the same manner they did in this fixture last season. They host Brentford in their next match on October 1.
Thanks for joining us for live coverage of Manchester City's 2-0 Premier League victory over Nottingham Forest at the Etihad Stadium. Goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Sheffield United and Newcastle United at Bramall Lane!
Heading into the final game of the Premier League's sixth matchday, Sheffield United have only one point on the board following a painful defeat last time out. The Blades suffered a 2-1 loss to Tottenham despite looking set for victory, as Spurs eventually equalised in the 98th minute and produced a winner two minutes later. Now, they host a team they have beaten only once in the clubs' last seven league meetings, losing each of the other six.
Newcastle United hosted Brentford last weekend, when they returned to winning ways after three successive Premier League losses thanks to a 1-0 victory. They were then back in Champions League group-stage action for the first time since the 2002-03 season, beginning their continental campaign with a goalless draw against Milan at San Siro. Today, the Magpies will aim to pick up their first league points on the road, having lost both away matches so far - just one less defeat than in the whole of last season.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-5-1-1): Wes Foderingham; Jack Robinson, John Egan, Anel Ahmedhodzic; Jayden Bogle, Vinicius Souza, Oliver Norwood, James McAtee, Luke Thomas; Gustavo Hamer; Cameron Archer.
SUBS: Adam Davies, Auston Trusty, Chris Basham, Tom Davies, Andre Brooks, Yasser Larouci, Benie Traore, Anis Ben Slimane, Femi Seriki.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Nick Pope; Kieran Trippier, Sven Botman, Fabian Schar, Dan Burn; Elliot Anderson, Bruno Guimaraes, Sean Longstaff; Miguel Almiron, Callum Wilson, Harvey Barnes.
SUBS: Martin Dubravka, Sandro Tonali, Tino Livramento, Lewis Hall, Jamaal Lascelles, Jacob Murphy, Matt Targett, Alexander Isak, Anthony Gordon.
Sheffield United boss Paul Heckingbottom makes two changes to the side that started last week's defeat in London, with captain Egan returning to the back three and Norwood brought into central midfield. Oli McBurnie was sent off in the dying minutes of the Blades' defeat to Spurs so must serve a suspension; Cameron Archer leads the line up front.
Making four changes to the Newcastle XI that started in Milan, Eddie Howe brings in Anderson, Almiron and Barnes, with Wilson replacing Isak up front; Tonali, Murphy and Gordon are also demoted to the bench. Meanwhile, midfield duo Joelinton and Joe Willock remain absent due to injury.
The players are out on the pitch at Bramall Lane, where a minute's silence will be observed as Sheffield United pay tribute to Maddy Cusack, a midfielder at the Women's Championship club, who died on Wednesday at the age of 27.
The hosts kick off, and we are under way in Sheffield!
After a prolonged spell of aerial pinball - rarely seen in the modern Premier League - Newcastle come away with the ball and begin their patient passing patterns. We're set for a clash of styles today.
A switch of play by Bogle wrongfoots the Newcastle defence, but Trippier covers across well to block a goalbound effort by Thomas, struck from a tight angle on the left side of the area.
Intense pressing from Wilson and Almiron puts Egan in trouble at the back, and following a hurried clearance Sheffield United are happy to be awarded a throw-in deep inside their own territory.
A throughball from Almiron releases Wilson on the right side of the area, but with Egan paying the striker close attention he can only drag a tame shot straight at Foderingham.
As Newcastle gradually move forward through the thirds, play is brought to a halt as Barnes sits down on the turf and seems like he's unable to continue. It must be a muscular injury, as he was not involved in a particularly physical challenge.
Play remains paused as Barnes limps off with help from Newcastle's medics, and Howe is readying the winger's replacement near the touchline.
A muscular problem for Barnes opens up an opportunity for Gordon, who replaces the former Leicester City winger.
Again arriving near the left byline, Thomas skews a volleyed attempt well wide of the near post, after McAtee had danced through the visitors' defence and sent over a delicate cross from the right.
Wilson latches on to a ball up from the back, haring into the box from the right, but Norwood is sufficiently alert to block his route to goal and does well to dispossess him.
Sheffield United threaten again, as Hamer has a shot blocked by Schar just inside the area before Vinicius tests Pope with a centrally placed strike from 20 yards out.
Sheffield United have averaged fewer shots per game than any other Premier League side this season (8.2) but have already had four attempts today.
NEWCASTLE LEAD! Turning sharply, Gordon slips past Ahmedhodzic on the left byline and then cuts the ball back for Longstaff, who slams the ball into the net from 10 yards! The Magpies are 1-0 ahead at Bramall Lane!
Beating his marker with some fleet footwork, Gordon pulls the ball back from the byline to set up Longstaff's goal.
Sheffield United have lost three from four after falling behind this season, and the Yorkshire club have also failed to win in their last 15 Premier League matches when conceding the opening goal.
After Robinson has an attempt saved, Almiron concedes a corner. Then, Pope flaps at the subsequent set-piece delivery and Hamer fires over the top: Newcastle have not defended convincingly so far today.
Ahmedhodzic crunches into the back of Gordon near the touchline, and the Bosnian defender receives a merited yellow card.
First, Trippier flashes a dangerous cross just wide of the goal from the left, then Gordon tricks his way to the byline and wins his team a corner - that's better from Newcastle.
2-0 TO NEWCASTLE! A heavily deflected shot from Almiron forces Foderingham into a save, but from the resulting corner-kick Newcastle double their lead! Burn arrives at the back post to plant a firm header into the net from close range, following Trippier's inswinging delivery!
Adding further to his significant career tally of assists, Newcastle captain Trippier swings over a left-sided corner, which Burn heads in.
Causing a flare-up between both sets of players, Robinson swings recklessly through Longstaff in a 50-50 challenge. He may be relieved that the referee decides only to book him - that could have been judged a red-card offence.
BOTMAN BAGS NEWCASTLE'S THIRD! Incredibly, the away side extend their advantage from another set-piece situation, and they've surely wrapped up three points before the break! Trippier delivers a free-kick from the left this time, and Botman rises highest to angle a downward header into the bottom-left corner: 3-0!
Trippier tees up another goal, crossing accurately from a free-kick to pick out Botman in the Sheffield United area.
Bogle gets away with a clumsy challenge on Gordon in the area, as both referee and the VAR ignore Newcastle's penalty claims. Sheffield United are falling apart here, and they are simply hanging on for half-time.
Today's game is the earliest that Sheffield United have ever conceded three goals from the start of a Premier League match (35th min), surpassing a fixture in February 1994 versus Ipswich Town (36th min).
Pope comes out quickly to make a decisive kicked clearance when Archer is nearly clean through on goal, but the flag then goes up for offside against the young striker in any case.
SAVE! Foderingham stops Wilson from making it four! Gordon slips a throughball into the Newcastle striker, but the latter's low shot is turned behind for a corner from close range!
As six minutes of stoppage time are indicated by the officials, Egan intervenes with a block after Anderson drives to the edge of the box and lets fly with a powerful shot.
It's like a hot knife through butter at Bramall Lane now, as Newcastle flood forward again and an overlapping run by Trippier sees the Magpies' skipper reach the right byline. However, his cross is then overhit and goes straight out for a goal-kick.
The home side remain penned inside their own defensive third, desperately hoping for the referee's whistle to rescue them: after a bright enough start, it's become a real horror show for Sheffield United.
SHARP STOP! Having come on as an early substitute, Gordon has excelled. He runs past two defenders as if they are not there, then sees a deflected shot from the left tipped over by Foderingham!
HALF-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-3 NEWCASTLE UNITED
Following a balanced first 20 minutes, Newcastle United have run riot at Bramall Lane, slaying Sheffield United with a clinical first-half performance. The Magpies lead by three - partly thanks to two goals from set-pieces - and could even have stretched their advantage further. Having started the game with a few promising forays forward, the Blades have since been blunted, and Heckingbottom's boys seem set to continue their winless run since promotion.
Sheffield United have now failed to score a first-half goal in five of their six Premier League games this season, and it would require a miraculous turnaround for them to produce at least three after the break. Will Newcastle step off the gas, though, with a midweek cup clash against Manchester City in mind?
Newcastle kick off, and we are back under way at Bramall Lane!
Heckingbottom has made a half-time substitution in response to his team's collapse: Bogle makes way for Traore, who should join Archer up front.
Neither side has taken the initiative early on in this second half, and Newcastle hardly need to raise the tempo given their substantial lead; the onus will be on the home side to spark something.
A rare bright light in a grim day for Sheffield United so far, McAtee buzzes through to the right byline, but he can't quite pick out one of his team-mates and then Traore commits a foul to gift Newcastle a free-kick.
Clutching his jaw, Vinicius stays down after a challenge, but only a free-kick is awarded to Sheffield United. He soon resumes his place in midfield.
Archer topples over under a challenge from Almiron, who has tracked back towards his own box. No free-kick is awarded, though, before Botman goes down heavily after an aerial duel and the action is paused.
NEWCASTLE HIT FOUR! For the first time ever, the Magpies score four goals at Bramall Lane, as they stretch their half-time lead further! Wilson stoops to nod in a perfectly measured cross from Trippier, beating Foderingham from less than 10 yards out! That's also a hat-trick of assists for the Newcastle captain!
Racking up his third assist of today's game, Trippier delivers a pinpoint ball from the right side of the area, which Wilson coolly converts.
Since the start of last season, only Erling Haaland (43) and Harry Kane (30) have scored more Premier League goals than Newcastle striker Wilson (22), who has got his name on the scoresheet again today.
Newcastle think they've bagged a fifth goal, but after Gordon has a close-range shot saved by Foderingham and Almiron converts at the back post, the flag goes up for offside.
5-0! Rewarded for his brilliance since arriving from the bench, Gordon scores Newcastle's fifth goal; skipping past Ahmedhodzic and then curling the ball around another defender and finding the bottom-right corner with an unerring finish! He took the ball from Anderson just outside the box and then did the rest all by himself!
Anderson plays a pass into Gordon, who then streaks forward to score Newcastle's fifth goal of the game.
Sheffield United respond to their latest setback by making another change: Norwood is replaced by Tom Davies.
Newcastle have now scored 13 goals in their opening six games of a league season for the first time since the 1994-95 campaign, when they racked up no less than 22.
Hamer is the next player withdrawn by Heckingbottom, with Ben Slimane sent on in his place.
ALMIRON NETS NEWCASTLE'S SIXTH! It's turning into a humiliation for Sheffield United now, as Almiron walks through the centre of the Blades' defence and slots home after latching on to a low throughball from Guimaraes! It's far to easy for the Paraguayan, who becomes the sixth different goalscorer today!
Guimaraes slips through a smart pass into the box, picking out Almiron's run through the centre.
Isak replaces Wilson up front.
With the points totally secured, Howe makes a triple substitution: first, Trippier makes way for Livramento at right-back.
Finally, Almiron is spared the final 20 minutes; Tonali will make a cameo apperance in midfield.
After Traore plays him through on the right side of the box, Ahmedhodzic blazes over the crossbar from a tight angle. It was a half-chance, really, but that sums up Sheffield United's day.
7-0 TO NEWCASTLE! Following his assist just a few minutes ago, Guimaraes now smashes the ball into the top-right corner for Newcastle's seventh! Longstaff's shot on the edge of the box is blocked and spins into the Brazilian's path, and he makes no mistake! Sheffield United are crestfallen - they just want the final whistle.
After fading from prominence as his team have imploded, McAtee's game comes to an early end; Basham replaces him.
Having clumsily clattered into Anderson in midfield, Vinicius concedes a free-kick. Ben Slimane does not agree and shows dissent towards the referee so is shown a yellow card.
Newcastle are only the third side in Premier League history to record seven different goalscorers in a single game - own goals excluded - after Chelsea versus Aston Villa in December 2012 and Man Utd versus Southampton in February 2021.
SAVE! Foderingham reaches up and tips the ball over his crossbar, keeping out Anderson's flicked header! Tonali picked out his team-mate with a cross, but he narrowly fails to become Newcastle's eighth goalscorer today.
Hall is now introduced by Howe, who takes off Guimaraes.
Following a run inside, Davies receives a pass from Basham and drives a shot taken from the left edge of the area well over the crossbar.
Newcastle are just going through the motions now, as they stroke the ball about inside their own half and Sheffield United chase shadows. What a capitulation this has been from the home side.
EIGHT-NIL!I Following a deflected pass into the box, Isak sidesteps Robinson, expertly sits Foderingham down and then places the ball into the bottom-right corner! That's now eight different goalscorers for Newcastle, who are perhaps not done yet!
Bramall Lane is more than half-empty now, as more fans flood out of the stadium. One more goal conceded, and their team will equal an unwanted record of the heaviest Premier League defeat.
Rather mercilessly, the officials indicate at least six minutes of stoppage time will be played. Sheffield United are simply broken and just want to trudge off.
Popping the ball about in midfield, Newcastle look like they've barely expended any energy today, and they seem to sense a ninth goal could yet be theirs.
For a tired challenge on the irrepressible Gordon, Sheffield United skipper Egan completes a miserable shift with a yellow card.
FULL-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-8 NEWCASTLE UNITED
Crushing their bedraggled hosts with a clinical performance, Newcastle United record their biggest-ever away win; consigning Sheffield United to their heaviest home defeat. A total of eight different goalscorers saw the Magpies cruise to victory at Bramall Lane, with captain Trippier claiming a hat-trick of assists. After a promising first 15 minutes, the Blades imploded and heads dropped during the second half as many fans flooded out of the stands - they are left rock-bottom of the Premier League on goal difference.
Following a successful few days, Howe's record-breaking Newcastle side will next meet Manchester City in the EFL Cup, before playing Burnley in the Premier League, then Paris Saint-Germain in Europe. Still searching for their first win of the season, Sheffield United visit West Ham next Saturday, by which time they will hope to have recovered from today's disastrous defeat.
That's all from a history-making game in Sheffield, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Bournemouth and Arsenal.
Bournemouth progressed to the fourth round of the EFL Cup in their previous fixture after beating Championship outfit Stoke City. The midweek venture provided an escape from league action, with the Cherries winless in the top-flight this season. Andoni Iraola’s side have drawn three and lost three of their six fixtures, most recently succumbing to a 3-1 defeat against Brighton despite taking an early lead through Dominic Solanke. Bournemouth are just one place and two points above the relegation zone and will drop into the bottom three if a team below them wins and they lose.
Arsenal moved into the next round of the cup after triumphing over Brentford in their last match. The Gunners are unbeaten in their eight games in all competitions this campaign and have won four of their six fixtures in the league. Mikel Arteta’s men led twice in the North London derby but had to settle for a 2-2 draw with Tottenham last weekend, meaning that they are now four points behind leaders Manchester City, who have a perfect record. They have lost just one of their 12 Premier League matches against Bournemouth (winning nine and drawing two), last losing 2-1 in January 2018. Eddie Nketiah was an unused substitute in that outing.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Max Aarons, Illia Zabarnyi, Marcos Senesi, Milos Kerkez; Philip Billing, Lewis Cook; Marcus Tavernier, Ryan Christie, Justin Kluivert; Dominic Solanke.
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Andrei Radu, David Brooks, Joe Rothwell, Dango Ouattara, Adam Smith, Luis Sinisterra, Kieffer Moore, Hamed Traore, Antoine Semenyo.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Kai Havertz; Bukayo Saka, Eddie Nketiah, Gabriel Jesus.
ARSENAL SUBS: Aaron Ramsdale, Emile Smith Rowe, Jakub Kiwior, Takehiro Tomiyasu, Leandro Trossard, Jorginho, Fabio Vieira, Reiss Nelson, Mohamed Elneny.
Bournemouth make one change to the side that lost to Brighton in their last Premier League match. Lloyd Kelly came off with an injury against the Seagulls and is replaced by Senesi at centre-back. Solanke had an ankle injury during the week but is fit enough to start.
Arsenal make one alteration to the team that drew with Tottenham in their previous league match. Havertz comes into the midfield, with Vieira moving onto the bench. Saka and Rice were both injury doubts before the game but are starting.
Without a win in all six Premier League games this season (drawing three and losing three), Bournemouth are looking to avoid failing to win any of their opening seven league games in a season for just the second time in their history, also doing so in 1994-95, when they won none of their first eight games in the third tier. Both teams are now on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Bournemouth get this Premier League clash under way. Billing with the first pass back to Cook.
Bournemouth keep possession well in the opening couple of minutes and are playing it around with pace. Tavernier shows intent and dribbles inside from the right before looking to poke a pass across to Kluivert in the box, but it is intercepted.
Arsenal have started the game slowly and are trying to build their way into the game. Saka receives the ball on the halfway line and looks for options ahead of him before sending it back to Gabriel.
Arsenal have dominated possession for the last couple of minutes but the ball has stayed in their half. They are playing it around slowly and are waiting for an opening, but Bournemouth are working hard to stay in their shape.
Saka breaks into Bournemouth's defensive third and slides a pass down the right to White. The right-back gets towards the byline and attempts to send the ball across the box, but Zabarnyi gets it away.
White sends a pass inside to Odegaard, who turns on the ball before sending a throughball towards Nketiah. However, the striker went rushing the other way and Bournemouth have it back.
CHANCE! Arsenal have their first shot of the game. Jesus gets the ball on the right and moves inside past Aarons before sliding a throughball to Havertz. He rushes into the box and blasts a shot towards the goal, but it defects wide.
Havertz is slow in possession, with Tavernier getting there to take it off of him. He has space ahead of him and rolls a throughball into Solanke. The striker takes a touch in the box before it gets away from him after being put under pressure by Saliba. He slides across and wins a goal-kick.
Tavernier has a free-kick next to the corner flag and swings a low cross into the box. It is poor, with Arsenal clearing it away. Aarons collects possession and passes it back to Neto.
Arsenal switch the play from left to right with a few short passes to keep possession. Jesus then looks to play a quick one-two with Odegaard, but the Norway international tries a smart flick that does not work.
GOALLL! SAKA SCORES! 1-0 ARSENAL! Saka nets his fourth Premier League goal of the season. Odegaard has possession on the right and cuts the ball onto his left foot before curling a cross towards the back of the box. Jesus hits the post with his header from a narrow angle, with the rebound dropping to Saka, who has a simple finish.
Arsenal have avoided defeat in their last 39 matches when scoring the opening goal in the Premier League dating back to 1st January 2022 against Manchester City (losing 2-1).
Odegaard is intelligent with the ball at his feet and chips a pass over the top of Bournemouth's defence towards Nketiah. However, Neto is quick off his line and pushes it away from his path before claiming it.
Tavernier has a chance to deliver the ball into the box from a free-kick, but it goes over everyone and away from danger.
Tavernier's inswinging corner from the right is headed away by Nketiah. Cook regains possession and chips a pass into the box, with Christie flicking it across. However, nobody in a Bournemouth shirt knew his intentions, with Arsenal getting it away.
Jesus wins a corner off of Zabarnyi. Zinchenko receives a pass on the edge of the box and blasts a shot towards the goal that is pushed away by Neto.
The game has been paused because Neto is on the floor. The medical team are on the pitch to treat the Bournemouth captain.
Neto is back on his feet and will be able to continue.
Senesi has the ball just inside Arsenal's half and chips a pass into the box to Kerkez. His touch is poor, allowing Saka to get across and win it back for Arsenal. The winger is then put under pressure by Kluivert, but the England international thinks quickly and taps it through his legs.
Rice has been a vital part of the Arsenal side. The midfielder is careful in possession and is always in space to receive the ball. He has also come up with a couple of crucial tackles and interceptions.
Havertz is shown the first yellow card of the game for a late slide tackle on Billing. The Arsenal fans are not happy, but he did not win any of the ball.
Billing is punished for a late tackle on Havertz, who was kicked by the Bournemouth man. No yellow card for the midfielder.
Arsenal show their style with some quick passing. Odegaard, White and Saka combine on the left before the latter of the trio slides the ball into Nketiah inside the box. The striker rushes across the box looking to make space for a shot, but he is crowded out.
Arsenal have won their first two away Premier League matches this season, both 1-0 wins over Crystal Palace and Everton. The Gunners have won their first three away games in two previous Premier League seasons, doing so in 2004-05 and 2013-14. They have been in complete control in this game and are now allowing Bournemouth to build any pressure on their goal.
Senesi has possession on the right and has the chance to put the ball into the box, but waits for the overlapping run of Aarons. The right-back bursts past him to receive it but takes a heavy touch. The Arsenal defence block his cross, with Senesi then fouling Jesus.
Kerkez drifts past Saka on the left before going back on himself and finding Senesi with a pass. The centre-back then curls a cross into the box from the left, but Raya comes off his line to collect.
PENALTY TO ARSENAL! Nketiah races down the left and plays a quick one-two with Zinchenko. He races onto the throughball, getting there ahead of Aarons before being fouled by the right-back.
GOAL! ODEGAARD SCORES! 2-0 ARSENAL! Saka has taken a couple of penalties this season, but the captain has it this time. Odegaard takes his time with the penalty and rolls it into the bottom left corner. Neto went the other way.
There will be five minutes of additional time.
Cook curls a corner into the box from the left. However, it is away from everyone in the middle, with Jesus heading it away. Bournemouth get it back and Billing takes a shot from inside the box, but Gabriel slides across to block it.
Solanke has had a quiet game and makes a mess of a header from a corner, sending it well over the bar after a defender misses it ahead of him.
Bournemouth play the ball out of the back, with a pass down the left flicked into the path of Kerkez by Solanke. However, he cannot keep the attack alive.
HALF-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 0-2 ARSENAL
Arsenal are in complete control of the game after goals from Saka and Odegaard before half-time. The away side dominated possession and broke the deadlock through Saka. Odegaard's inswinging cross from the left was met by Jesus, who crashed the post from a tight angle. The rebound dropped to Saka in the middle of the box, who headed in from close range. The Gunners pushed for a second and found it from the spot.  Nketiah was fouled inside the box by Aarons, with Odegaard rolling his penalty into the bottom corner. Billing broke free of Arsenal's defence before having a shot blocked and Solanke headed over.
Bournemouth struggled to create any meaningful chances before the break and are not moving through the pitch quickly enough. Their short passing style has not been effective enough, with Arsenal stopping them from breaking through their structure. As for Arsenal, they have been outstanding. Rice and Odegaard have displayed their quality in possession, with Saka giving Kerkez a lot of problems on the right.
Arsenal get the ball rolling again. No changes at the break.
Arsenal go close to scoring again. Odegaard rolls a throughball to Saka, who is beaten to the ball by Neto. The rebound drops to Zinchenko, who sees his effort deflect over.
Arsenal are unbeaten in their last 28 Premier League matches when leading at half-time (winning 25 and drawing three) dating back to 1st January 2022 against Manchester City (losing 2-1). Bournemouth have not started their half well and will want to build their way into the game quickly.
Neto has possession inside his own box and waits until the last second to kick it away after being put under pressure by Nketiah. It goes all the way through to Raya.
PENALTY TO ARSENAL! The Gunners get their second penalty of the game. Christie is late with a tackle inside the box and slides through Odegaard. He was nowhere near the ball.
GOALLLL! HAVERTZ SCORES! 3-0 ARSENAL! Havertz scores his first goal for Arsenal. He rushes towards the ball before slowing down to see the way that Neto wants to dive. The goalkeeper moves to the right, allowing the former Chelsea man to slide it to the left.
Bournemouth win a corner off of White. Cooks sends it into a dangerous area but Raya punches it away. Arsenal then break away on the counter and Nketiah gets past a defender being going down. There was very little contact on the striker, with the referee ignoring his claims for a free-kick.
Bournemouth have seriously struggled in this game and have only had a couple of chances to score. Andoni Iraola is winless in all six of his Premier League games in charge of Bournemouth (drawing three and losing three) – the last manager to have a longer winless start with all games coming within the same season was Rémi Garde in 2015-16 with Aston Villa (nine games), while the only Spanish manager with no wins in his first seven games in the competition is Pepe Mel in 2014 with West Brom.
Saliba pokes the ball out for a corner after being put under pressure by Solanke. Tavernier's cross goes over everyone, with  Kerkez recovering possession. He puts a cross in, with Rice getting it away.
Sinisterra is coming on for Bournemouth to try and make an impact. Tavernier is coming off and looks frustrated after a poor performance.
Iraola has decided to change both of his wingers. Ouattara takes Kluivert's place in the attack.
Jesus and Nketiah combine, with the latter cushioning a header across to Havertz. He then attempts to slide a low cross into the path of Nketiah, but Bournemouth clear it behind.
The home fans are showing their frustrations. Ouattara gives the ball away twice in quick succession before Rice dribbles past him.
Aarons gets onto the end of a smart flick from Ouattara and swings a cross into the box, but Saliba heads it away.
Bournemouth have had a lot of the ball in the last couple of minutes but are passing it around in front of Arsenal's defence. They are trying to find an opening but cannot break into the Gunners' box.
Bournemouth have had a lot of corners, but cannot find a team-mate in the box. This time Christie's cross is headed away by Gabriel. The former Celtic man then gets it back and puts another ball in, but Raya is able to claim it.
Arsenal are comfortable in the game and are now making a couple of changes. Zinchenko is the first player to come off, with Tomiyasu taking his place in the defence.
Nelson scored against Bournemouth in the reverse fixture last season and he is now being introduced. Nketiah is off.
Senesi finds Solanke inside Arsenal's half, who turns on the ball and drives towards the box. He has space to shoot but instead slides a pass across to Ouattara. The winger looks to switch possession onto his stronger left foot before having a shot blocked.
Zabarnyi wins possession in Arsenal's half and offloads the ball to Solanke. He looks to create space for a shot, but Rice tracks him all the way and forces him wide.
Kerkez is quick on the ball and gets past Saka on the left before blasting a shot wide. Saka could not put a tackle in and is now on the floor receiving treatment.
Bournemouth make a straight swap in the midfield. Billing is replaced by Rothwell.
Saka is walking off the pitch slowly and looks to be struggling. Vieira is now on for the final part of the game.
WIDE! Jesus has a chance to score his first goal of the game. Jesus collects a loose ball on the right and drives inside. He makes his way into the box and has an option in the middle before blasting his low strike wide.
Vieira gets onto the ball soon after coming on and threads an accurate throughball into the path of Jesus. However, the striker cannot get there before Neto, who slides across to claim it. He is now on the floor and receiving treatment after connecting with the striker.
Arsenal make a couple of changes. Havertz scored his first goal for the Gunners earlier in the game and is now coming off. Smith Rowe takes his place.
Rice is given a rest after a dominant performance in the midfield. Jorginho is given another chance off the bench.
Odegaard curls a free-kick into the box, but it is headed away. An unusually poor cross from the Arsenal captain.
Bournemouth make a couple of late changes. Kerkez has had a tough game on the left and is now being replaced by Semenyo.
Smith comes on at left-back, with Christie on his way off.
Only Everton (zero) have scored fewer home Premier League goals this season than Bournemouth (one). They have not looked like scoring in this game, with their attack being completely nullified by the Arsenal defence.
CHANCE! Jesus moves into the box and pokes the ball past a couple of Bournemouth defenders. He is one-on-one with Neto and has a chance to lift a shot over the goalkeeper, but attempts to slide a pass across to Nelson. The goalkeeper gets a touch on it, with it bouncing off Jesus and behind.
Senesi attempts to lift a pass into the box towards Solanke, but the striker is marshalled away from the ball by Saliba. Raya stays on his line and collects it.
SAVE! What a chance for Smith Rowe. Jesus makes the most of a poor touch from Zabarnyi and drives towards the box. He is pulled back by Senesi, but the referee allows the game to continue with Arsenal in possession. Nelson pokes it through to Smith Rowe, who has his low attempt saved by Neto.
There will be seven minutes of additional time.
GOALLLLL! WHITE SCORES! 4-0 ARSENAL! What a header from White. Odegaard is over a free-kick on the right and whips a cross into the heart of the box. White is completely free in the middle and flicks a header past Neto.
What a cross from Odegaard. The Arsenal captain curls a cross into a perfect area, with White moving away from a defender. The weight on the ball allows White to redirect the path of the cross past Neto.
SAVE! Neto stops Smith Rowe for a second time. Jesus is unselfish on the edge of the box and pokes a pass across to Smith Rowe, who blasts a shot towards the goal. Neto is equal to it and pushes his attempt wide.
FULL-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 0-4 ARSENAL
Arsenal secured their fifth Premier League win of the season with a comfortable win over Bournemouth. Odegaard was the architect of the opener, finding Jesus with a fantastic cross from the left. His header crashed the post, with the rebound going to Saka, who headed in from close range. The Gunners' second came from the penalty spot after Nketiah was fouled in the box by Aarons. Odegaard took responsibility and rolled his spot-kick into the bottom corner. Arteta's side then added a third soon after the restart. Christie was punished for a late tackle in the box on Odegaard, with Havertz stepping up to score his first goal for Arsenal. Jesus then went close to adding a third after driving into the box from the right, but he blasted his attempt across the goal and wide of the post. Neto then denied Smith Rowe a goal off the bench before White scored a fourth. The defender got on the end of Odegaard's free-kick and flicked his header into the net.
Arsenal move into second place in the Premier League and are just one point behind leaders Manchester City, who lost against Wolves. They will be looking to continue their strong start to the season when they go to Lens in the Champions League before hosting Manchester City in their next league outing. As for Bournemouth, they are now in the relegation zone. They travel to Everton for their next match.
That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the 2023-24 Premier League season, as Aston Villa and Brighton and Hove Albion meet in a crucial clash for both of their top-six aspirations at Villa Park!
The surprise packages of the 2022-23 season, earning places in European competition with their scintillating form, both Villa and the Seagulls have started strongly again this term, and will be determined to ensure they are not one-trick ponies.
But for Unai Emery and Roberto De Zerbi, this weekend presents an opportunity to atone for lacklustre exits from the EFL Cup in midweek. With defeats against Everton and Chelsea respectively, both Villa and Brighton will hope they can bounce back with the win.
There’s no changes from the Villa side that claimed a 1-0 win over Chelsea in the Premier League last time out however, with the hosts keeping faith in the team that won at Stamford Bridge.
Brighton though make four tweaks to the team that picked up a 3-1 win over Bournemouth. Jason Steele is back in goal while Solly March, Kaoru Mitoma and Jack Hinshelwood are included, with the latter making his first Premier League start.
ASTON VILLA (4-2-3-1): Emiliano Martinez; Matty Cash, Ezri Konsa, Pau Torres, Lucas Digne; Boubacar Kamara, Douglas Luiz; John McGinn, Moussa Diaby, Nicolo Zaniolo; Ollie Watkins.
Subs: Clement Lenglet, Jacob Ramsey, Calum Chambers, Bertrand Traore, Jhon Duran, Robin Olsen, Leander Dendoncker, Diego Carlos, Youri Tielemans.
BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION (4-2-3-1): Jason Steele; Joel Veltman. Adam Webster, Lewis Dunk, Pervis Estupinan; Jack Hinshelwood, Billy Gilmour; Solly March, Danny Welbeck, Kaoru Mitoma; Evan Ferguson.
Subs: Jan-Paul van Hecke, Tariq Lamptey, Mahmoud Dahoud, Ansu Fati, Bart Verbruggen, Simon Adingra, Joao Pedro, Carlos Balepa, Igor.
Historic form tips this one towards the hosts. Aston Villa have won their last four Premier League games against Brighton, scoring exactly two goals each time.
Among both sides, there’s plenty of eye-catching names. But the one likely to be watched with vested interest is among the Brighton bench, in Ansu Fati. The Barcelona loanee is looking to recapture his best form, but can he truly do it with the Seagulls?
The teams are about to take to the field at Villa Park. The atmosphere is building nicely ahead of this one, a match few may have expected to be such a big encounter so soon.
The sides are out and we are moments away from kick-off. Today’s referee is Andy Madley.
We are underway in this Premier League clash between Aston Villa and Brighton and Hove Albion!
On paper, both sides look well-matched today, and in the almost cautious way they exchange play early on, you get the sense they are testing each other out in tentative fashion.
When these teams met last season of course, both boasted a World Cup winner in their ranks. Now, with Alexis Mac Allister gone, it is only Emi Martinez in goal for Villa who holds that claim.
Speaking of Martinez, he makes the first proper save of the game now, as Estupinan lobs a shot at him from close-range. Brighton did excellent work to get the ball to the left-back in the box.
The first booking of the game goes to Douglas Luiz after he brings Gilmour down in cynical fashion following a Brighton break.
Gilmour draws the foul again, this time off Kamara. The Brighton man, effectively the senior face within the defensive midfield line for the Seagulls, is making himself known so far.
Chances are at a premium so far, but both sides clearly have danger men at hand. Ferguson has been terrific so far for Brighton this term, while Watkins remains a threat up front for Villa.
Oh, that is a wasted opportunity for Diaby. The Villa man is released on a run down the right and cuts back inside superbly, but his initial feint drags him away from goal, and defenders force him back.
GOAL! ASTON VILLA SEIZE THE LEAD! 1-0! Watkins carves open Brighton at close-range and the hosts are on top! McGinn does clever work in the middle, slides Cash down the right flank into the box and then the latter squares for the striker to tap in six yards out.
Goals like that look so simple, but the pass still needs to be good. McGinn may put him on his way, but Cash laid that ball on to perfection.
Brighton may have picked up some big results over the past few months, but their inability to keep clean sheets continues to bite them. Steele perhaps should have smothered that ball before it got to Watkins.
Almost a double! Watkins pivots and tries his luck from distance after Brighton’s defence falls off him. His effort just whistles past the far post. His confidence will be absolutely bursting.
Brighton have lost three of their four Premier League away games against Aston Villa, with the exception being a 2-1 victory in November 2020.
GOAL! ASTON VILLA DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! 2-0! It’s a brace for Watkins, as the hosts turn defence into attack and torment Brighton with a sensational counter. Diaby releases him down the left flank, where the striker turns his markers inside out and tucks a finish home at the near post!
Diaby seized upon the errors from Brighton in midfield as the Seagulls looked to move forward there, and they have been punished ruthlessly.
Villa’s status as a hoodoo team for Brighton is being well and truly beefed up today. The Seagulls looked like they settled marginally better in the early exchanges, but their hosts have exploited them smartly.
GOAL! ASTON VILLA STRIKE AGAIN! 3-0! The hosts are running absolutely rampant, though this one requires a stroke of luck. Diaby lashes a shot in after Watkins squares inside the box, which Steele parries back to him - and then the former’s follow-up is diverted by an error by Estupinan beyond his own keeper!
Chance for March! Brighton really need a lifeline in this game, and they get one on the break now. But the excellent header back into the box for the Seagulls winger sees him put it over the bar at close range.
There’s been VAR checks for the latter two Villa goals, and it will be curious to see if Brighton have major complaints over both later on. But both decisions were made with relative speed, which suggests they were clear-cut enough.
An Aston Villa free-kick now, and the hosts play a neat bait-and-switch routine to loft it over the wall into the box. Diaby and Steele come together challenging for it, and the latter wins the free-kick.
Now Digne is into the book as he cuts down a Brighton counter-attack, and the referee shows him a yellow card without hesitation.
Mitoma, so often the bright spark in a Brighton side who can look on top of the world, dodges a card now after he brings down Kamara. There’s quite a bit of nip-and-tuck to this game now.
Another Aston Villa free-kick now, awarded for a foul by Estupinan which the defender strongly protests. It is just under 25 yards out from goal.
Digne sticks the free-kick straight into the wall, but Douglas Luiz goes very close with the follow-up, just whistling an ambitious shot over the top-left corner.
Welbeck is into the book too, with a yellow card for a lunge that takes Kamara’s legs out from beneath him.
De Zerbi, slumped in his chair in the dugout, looks like a man facing up to a chastening defeat. The Brighton boss is seldom cowed, but his body language makes for an uncomfortable sight.
They might have gone 10 minutes without a goal, but the Villa fans are still in fine voice. They are loving this encounter so far.
There are going to be four added minutes in this first half.
Brighton find their goal under siege once more, with McGinn close to adding a fourth to their torment. Mitoma manages to clear the lines after a nervy few moments.
Veltman takes a blow to the head and needs some treatment as this half winds towards a close.
HALF-TIME: ASTON VILLA 3-0 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION
An Ollie Watkins double and an own goal from Pervis Estupinan has Aston Villa in Premier League dreamland, as they find themselves in cruise control over Brighton. The hosts will have their eyes on three points now. At half-time at Villa Park, it is Aston Villa 3-0 Brighton and Hove Albion.
Unai Emery will have nothing but kind words to say for his players during the interval. That was very close to the complete performance. They will have to ensure there is no capitulation now though.
Brighton have made their first change at the break, with Joao Pedro on for Welbeck.
The Seagulls also make a second swap at the break, with Fati taking Ferguson's place.
The visitors have a third alteration too, with Lamptey on for Estupinan.
We are back underway at Villa Park. Will Aston Villa continue their demolition job, or can Brighton salvage something from the wreckage?
Aston Villa have started a season with four wins in their opening six Premier League games (L2) for a seventh time. They’ve only won five of their opening seven games twice before, in 1998-99 under John Gregory and 2020-21 under Dean Smith.
GOAL! BRIGHTON CLAW ONE BACK! 3-1! It’s a first Premier League goal for Fati, as the substitute makes an instant impact! A fast free-kick from Pedro sends Aston Villa scrambling at the back, and a botched clearance goes straight to the Barcelona loanee at the right post for an easy finish!
It appeared that the goal would be registered with no assist, but Joao Pedro's excellent work to retain the ball in the build-up earns him one.
There is a very lengthy check by VAR, to see firstly if the ball went out of play and then if Fati strayed from an offside position, but the goal will stand. That’s just the spark Brighton will want. Can they turn it into something more?
Brighton started the first half with a little more edge than Villa, you may recall, and then it all fell apart in spectacular fashion. There is work to be done to see if they can get something out of this game at all.
Villa look poised to make their first change of the game, with Ramsey stripped on the sidelines.
Aston Villa make their first change of the game, with Ramsey on for Zaniolo.
Konsa is now into the book for a messy challenge. There's been a few cards in this one so far.
Joao Pedro is pulling the strings, and Fati is growing in confidence in front of him. The forward tucks a shot in now, blocked in the box. Villa are looking a little twitchy around the back.
Another Fati shot now blocked. Villa are not on the ropes, so much as Brighton are simply trying their luck with a relentless energy now.
Brighton make their fourth change of the game, with Adingra on for March.
GOAL! ASTON VILLA RESTORE A THREE-GOAL LEAD! 4-1! It’s the hat-trick for Watkins, and what a strike to seal it with too! He makes the initial break, and plays an excellent one-two with McGinn, but it is the finish, lofted off his left foot with a nice deflection to beat Steele at the right post.
There were options for McGinn there, but his looping ball wide to Watkins on the right was exactly the right one.
It’s a cruel game, football. Brighton looked like they could have pulled another one back when just two goals down. Now, the margin is back to three. It’s going to be a long trip back south.
The energy that Brighton had has vanished now. Time may well be too short to find three goals, let alone three against a Villa side brimming with the feelgood factor right now.
Aston Villa are on a run of nine consecutive home Premier League wins, their best home winning league run since a 13-game spell between February and October 1983. Villa could also become the ninth different team to have had a run of 10 or more consecutive home wins in the Premier League.
Fati and Konsa come together after a challenge now, and it is a yellow card for the Brighton man. He appeared to drop a knee into his opponent’s lower back.
There’s such a liveliness to Villa, particularly around the back too. Mitoma gets on the wrong side of a challenge and they simply swarm him, cutting up Brighton’s attack.
Mitoma sees a shot blocked now, as Brighton continue to toil in pursuit of a second. The Seagulls man has not been at his best today.
Aston Villa make their second change, with Diaby replaced by Duran.
Dunk is the latest man into the book. It's not readily obvious why, but it may be for some words to the referee.
Unai Emery will be pleased as punch with this performance. His opposite number? Not so much.
Save by Martinez! The Aston Villa shotstopper has not had much to do since Watkins got his third, but he gets a good touch now to divert an ambitious Brighton shot by Adingra away.
Mitoma and McGinn come together deep in Villa territory, and the former gets booked for a shirt tug.
GOAL! ASTON VILLA HAVE FIVE! 5-1! Ramsey marks his appearance off the bench with a goal of his own now, to complete what has been a sensational rout by the hosts. Watkins turns provider this time, teeing up the substitute for a corker of a finish, curled in off the right post from outside the box!
He can score and he can assist! What a game this has been for Watkins. Gareth Southgate, watching in the stands, might just like what he sees from the occasional England international.
Brighton make their final change as Baleba replaces Hinshelwood.
We're going to be in for eight added minutes in this one.
Aston Villa make their third change of the game as Tielemans comes on for Kamara.
We’re only two minutes into added time and it already feels like an age for Brighton. They have endured a long day in the Midlands.
Brighton snap up a corner, but Villa see any danger away. It has not been their day for the Seagulls.
Duran marks his appearance off the bench with a booking, after he kicks the ball away following a break in play.
GOAL! SUPER SIX FOR ASTON VILLA! 6-1! Douglas Luiz caps off a memorable win for the hosts after Watkins sees his chance for a fourth saved by Steele. His team-mate is there to seize on the follow-up though, and guides it into the back of the net!
FULL-TIME: ASTON VILLA 6-1 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION
An Ollie Watkins hat-trick leads an all-time rout for Aston Villa, as they demolish top-six rivals Brighton in the Premier League. The hosts looked unstoppable in the first half, and despite a wobble when Ansu Fati struck after the break, repeated their haul again. Full-time at Villa Park, it has finished Aston Villa 6-1 Brighton and Hove Albion.
The Seagulls will have to dust themselves off pretty quick after that performance. A wake-up call, perhaps? Or just a bad day? Only time will tell, but they will live with that one for a while.
As for Aston Villa, what else is there to say? Watkins is the first player to score two hat-tricks in a single season in all competitions for them since Andy Gray in 1976-77. The forward is on fire.
That’s all from us here today! Thank you for joining us and have a great weekend!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Everton and Luton Town at Goodison Park!
It's been a good week for Everton - they picked up their first Premier League win of the season last time out, beating Brentford 3-1 on Saturday before following it up with an EFL Cup third-round win over Aston Villa in midweek to progress to the next round. They're looking to keep building on this momentum and turn around their fortunes at home after failing to win and score in all three of their games at Goodison Park so far.
Luton, on the other hand, are still looking for their first win in the league this season, but did get their first point on the board in a 1-1 draw with 10-man Wolves last weekend. They've lost their other four games in the competition, and come into this game after being knocked out of the EFL Cup by League One side, Exeter City, in their midweek match.
EVERTON STARTING XI (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Ashley Young, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite, Vitalii Mykolenko; James Garner, Amadou Onana, Idrissa Gueye, Dwight McNeil; Abdoulaye Doucoure; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
EVERTON SUBS: Lewis Dobbin, Beto, Youssef Chermiti, Michael Keane, Ben Godfrey, Arnaut Danjuma, Jack Harrison, Joao Virginia, Nathan Patterson.
LUTON TOWN STARTING XI (3-4-2-1): Thomas Kaminski; Reece Burke, Tom Lockyer, Amari'i Bell; Issa Kabore, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu, Marvelous Nakamba, Alfie Doughty; Jacob Brown, Chiedozie Ogbene; Carlton Morris.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: Ryan Giles, Cauley Woodrow, Luke Berry, Joseph Johnson, Teden Mengi, Tahith Chong, Elijah Adebayo, Mads Andersen, Tim Krul.
Sean Dyche makes four changes from the side that knocked Villa out of the EFL Cup on Wednesday. Young, Gueye, McNeil and Doucoure are all brought in, while Mykolenko has passed a late fitness test to retain his place. Keane, Patterson, Harrison and Danjuma drop to the bench.
After ringing in the changes for their midweek loss to Exeter, Rob Edwards goes back to the side that drew with Wolves in their last Premier League game, with one enforced alteration. Albert Sambi Lokonga picked up a hamstring injury in that match, so he's out. Mpanzu comes in to replace him.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Ogbene gets the game under way for Luton!
It's Everton trying to pile on some early pressure and it's knocked back to Tarkowski who sends it long over the top. Doucoure has made a good run through the middle, but Lockyer gets across to cut it out.
CLOSE! Doucoure's pass out to McNeil on the left is short, but a lazy touch by Kabore helps it into the winger's feet anyway. It bounces up in front of him and he strikes it on the volley, but it flashes wide of the far post.
SAVE! It's lovely work from Everton down the left, but Mykolenko's cross is put out from a throw-in. The left-back gets it straight back from Doucoure and this time picks out a good ball, but Calvert-Lewin's header is straight at Kaminski.
It's a good, darting run from Ogbene down the left, and he pulls it back to Nakamba when he spots him in space on the edge of the box. He leans back as he takes the shot though, and it's always rising over the bar.
Luton are winless in their six league games against Everton (D3 L3), with this the first such meeting between the sides since a 1-1 draw at Goodison Park in March 1992.
WIDE! Luton are wide open at the back and Doucoure switches play wonderfully out to Garner in acres of space down the right. He cuts onto his left foot and then tries to place it, but instead curls it wide of the far post.
CHANCE! It's more good play from Everton as Onana threads it through to Doucoure. He can't get a sight of goal so knocks it back for Gueye on the edge of the box, but he fires his first-time shot wide of the near post.
Onana finds another pocket of space in midfield and he floats a lovely pass out to Garner on the right. He plays a dangerous low ball across the six-yard box, but nobody's there for Everton.
WIDE! Everton miss another good chance! They knock it neatly down the left, and Mykolenko flicks it to Onana. He tries to whip a shot towards the far bottom corner, but just can't get it on target.
Down the other end, Morris holds the ball up before teeing up Ogbene for another driving run down the left. He pulls it back to the penalty spot towards Brown, but Onana gets back in time to hook it away.
Luton are starting to grow into this game, and Bell plays a good reverse pass into Doughty on the left. He holds the ball up instead of putting it into the box, but does manage to win a corner.
OVER! The resulting corner is swung in by Doughty, and his out-swinging cross picks out Lockyer in the middle. He rises high to thump a header towards goal, but it flies over the bar.
Onana is screaming for the ball in midfield and Garner eventually picks him out. He tries to slide it into the box for Calvert-Lewin, but they're not on the same wavelength, so it's a comfortable take for Kaminski.
LOCKYER SCORES! Everton just haven't been able to cope with Luton on corners, and the visitors have punished them! Doughty swings another dangerous cross in and Morris thumps a header on goal. It hits the bottom of the crossbar and bounces in front of Young, who tries to clear it. He hits the ball straight against Lockyer, who throws himself in front of it, and it hits the back of the net. 1-0 Luton!
Everton are looking to regain some of their earlier dominance and it's hooked upfield to Calvert-Lewin again. This time, he fouls his man trying to nod it down, and Luton have a free-kick.
Mpanzu went down after being shrugged off the ball in midfield, and he's holding his side. He slowly gets back up to his feet, and he can carry on without treatment.
CHANCE! Everton's threat comes from their left again, and McNeil jinks past Morris before whipping a dangerous cross into Calvert-Lewin. He can't get enough contact on the ball though, and ends up glancing it wide.
Onana has nicked the ball off Morris, but Tarkowski bundles into the forward, giving away a needless free-kick, which Doughty is standing over.
MORRIS SCORES! The forward peels away from the line of Everton defenders on the edge of the box, and he's completely free at the far post. Doughty picks him out, and Morris meets the ball on the half-volley, sending it across goal and out of Pickford's reach. 2-0 Luton!
It's another delightful delivery from Doughty, who is causing Everton all sorts of problems with the set-pieces that he's taking.
The rain is coming down even heavier now, and the slick surface is causing a few problems. Morris nods it forward for Ogbene, and Young's pass almost plays in the winger, but he manages to get it back to Pickford.
Gueye finds himself in a pocket of space just outside the box and shapes to shoot before deciding against it. Instead, he touches it out to Mykolenko, but nobody is in the middle for the hosts to meet his cross.
OFF THE BAR! Everton work it well down their left once more, and McNeil floats a great cross towards the far post. Garner darts forward to meet it and thumps a header on goal. Kaminski is beaten, but it smacks off the crossbar.
Everton are still seeing a lot of the ball, but they're finding it difficult to break down Luton. Tarkowski lifts another long ball over the top that forces Calvert-Lewin wide, which means that nobody is in the box for the hosts again.
CALVERT-LEWIN PULLS ONE BACK! Pickford's long ball is only half-cleared by Luton and Garner swings a follow-up cross into the middle. Onana is onside as he pokes it on goal, but Kaminski denies him. The keeper then scrambles across to deny Doucoure from close range but he can't get to Calvert-Lewin's prod. VAR is having a long look, but it'll count!
VAR is checking two things on this goal. The first is whether or not there was a foul on Burke in the build-up, and that's cleared up pretty quickly. The second is whether or not Calvert-Lewin is offside. It's a tight call, and it's taking some time to figure out.
THE GOAL STANDS! Everton have their first home goal of the season! Burke was leaning slightly to the left, and it's his shoulder that was playing Calvert-Lewin onside. It's 2-1!
BLOCK! We're into six minutes of added time after that VAR check, and Everton win a free-kick on the left. Kaminski doesn't get any distance on his punched clearance and Garner hits it on the volley as it drops. Burke blocks it in front of the line.
There are big shouts for a handball from the home fans and players as it strikes Bell. He was stood very close to Garner with his arm low by his side, and the referee gives a shake of his head.
Everton are searching for a goal that would take them into the break level. They're switching it from side to side, and Mykolenko finally finds some space, but Kaminski plucks his cross straight out of the air.
HALF-TIME: EVERTON 1-2 LUTON TOWN.
Luton take a 2-1 lead over Everton into half-time. It was the hosts with all of the early chances, but they struggled to test Kaminski. Luton took the lead through Lockyer - Doughty's corner was thumped against the underside of the bar by Morris, and the Hatters captain threw himself in front of Young's clearance to send it into the goal. Morris then doubled their lead from another set-piece, peeling away to send an unmarked volley past Pickford. At the other end, Garner smacked the bar with a header before Calvert-Lewin prodded home Everton's first home goal of the season to pull one back.
Edwards will be fairly pleased with what he's seen from his side - they soaked up a lot of pressure before exploiting Everton's weaknesses on set-pieces to get their two goals. He'll want to restore that two-goal cushion though. Half-time came at the wrong time for the hosts as they were starting to assert some dominance again. Calvert-Lewin netted an important goal, and Dyche will want to build on that after the break.
There's a change apiece at the break, starting with Everton. Gueye is taken off, with Harrison on in his place.
And for Luton, it's Burke that's making way, with Andersen replacing him.
Everton get us back under way for the second half!
Luton are looking to make a strong start to the second half, and they're keeping Everton penned back in their own half. Ogbene tries to cut inside from the left, but Young stands his ground to stop him from getting into the box.
Everton haven't really got going so far in the second half. They're struggling to string passes together, and Luton look comfortable at the moment.
The space opens up for Brown in the box and as he shapes to shoot, Tarkowski slides in with a perfectly-timed tackle to take it off him. Doughty takes the resulting corner, but this one sails over everyone.
Everton work it quickly upfield, but they're struggling to get the ball into the box. They're still looking to their left side to make something happen, but it's not coming off.
Lockyer went down in need of treatment, and Luton aren't going to risk him. He makes his way off the pitch with the medical team, and Mengi comes on to make his Premier League debut.
Ogbene goes down, asking for a free-kick that doesn't come. From that, Pickford plays out from the back, looking to get his side upfield. Onana tries to slide it down the right for Harrison, but Doughty shields it out of play.
Everton are making their second change as they continue their search for an equaliser. Doucoure is taken off, with Beto on in his place.
CHANCE! It's better from Everton here as Tarkowski loops another long ball over the top. Calvert-Lewin watches it drop over his shoulder and hits it on the volley, but his effort dribbles just wide of the far post.
OFFSIDE! Luton go straight down the other end and put the ball in the net, but it won't count! Doughty clips a good cross into the far post and Brown nods it over Pickford. Morris is on the line to help it over the line, but a belated flag goes up against Brown.
Branthwaite and Morris collide during an aerial challenge and the referee waves on the medical teams due to both players holding their heads.
Morris and Branthwaite are both back on their feet now and they'll be able to carry on after finishing their treatment.
Luton win a throw-in, and Kabore looks like he's going to take it before handing it over to Andersen instead. The referee doesn't like that, and Kabore is booked for time-wasting.
Doughty's latest corner hits Garner as it's swung in, and VAR is just having a quick look at it. It did strike the midfielder on the arm, but he was moving it down to his side, and there won't be a penalty awarded to Luton.
Harrison gets a yard on Bell as he drives down the right and he clips a deep cross into the six-yard box. Kaminski chooses to leave it, and Beto reaches it on the far side, but can only put it into the side netting.
Harrison switches play out to Mykolenko on the left, and he lays it off into Beto's path. He has space for a shot, but chooses to leave it for McNeil instead, which allows Luton to get back and block it.
There are more big shouts for a penalty, this time from the home fans. McNeil plays a good reverse pass into Calvert-Lewin, who goes shoulder-to-shoulder with Mengi, and when the forward goes down, the referee waves the claim away.
GREAT CHANCE! McNeil has people to aim for in the box this time, and he curls it into the far post, where Garner nods it down. Beto has a free header and flicks it towards the near top corner from close range, but it sails over the bar.
Garner cuts open Luton's backline with a great pass into the box, and Beto races onto it. He stumbles over the ball and manages to scuff a shot just wide from a tight angle.
Luton are making their second change here. Morris, whose goal is the difference at the moment, is replaced by Adebayo.
And Everton's latest change sees Patterson coming on for Young.
Luton are sitting deep and trying to make life difficult for Everton in the final third. Harrison plays a hopeful ball into the box from the right, but it's an easy one for Kabore to deal with at the far post.
Luton have a problem here as Kaminski is down in his box with a groin problem. The physio is on to give him some treatment, but he's okay to carry on.
Luton are making another change as they get ready to defend this Everton corner. Doughty goes off, with Woodrow on in his place.
Final roll of the dice for Everton now as Danjuma is brought on for McNeil.
OVER! Everton are upping the pressure here and after the first cross is cleared, the hosts recycle it. Garner lifts it into the far post and Beto thumps a header across goal which sails over the bar.
Luton are still standing their ground at the back, and Everton are desperately trying to get it forward. At the moment, they're struggling to string together enough passes to do that.
Mpanzu makes another good interception and drives down the right. His only aim is to keep Everton out of Luton's half by dragging the hosts back towards their own goal.
WIDE! Tarkowski has played some wonderful long balls over the top today, and this one is no different as he drops it into Calvert-Lewin. He lets it bounce before firing on goal, but he hits the side netting.
Everton are very much going for the direct route as Tarkowski sends it long once more. This time, he picks out Onana on the right of the box and he nods it towards Beto, but Bell is there for Luton.
Luton have everyone back in their own half as they continue to protect what would be a precious first-ever Premier League win. Brown does well as he drags Mykolenko out to him and wins a goal-kick off the left-back.
FULL-TIME: EVERTON 1-2 LUTON TOWN.
Luton win their first-ever Premier League game, beating Everton 2-1. All of the work was done in the first half from two set-pieces. The first was a corner, which Morris thumped against the crossbar, and Lockyer threw himself in front of Young's clearance to deflect it into the net. Then a free-kick, where Doughty picked out the unmarked Morris, and he volleyed past Pickford. Everton responded well, with Garner rattling the bar with a header before Calvert-Lewin poked a goal back from close range. The Toffees desperately pushed in the second half, but couldn't manage to test Kaminski.
It's a win that lifts Luton out of the relegation zone and up to 17th, only behind Everton now on goal difference. They'll play their game in hand against Burnley in midweek. That's four home defeats on the bounce for the Toffees, who go off to boos. They'll be hoping to change that against Bournemouth next weekend.
That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome! A London derby awaits at Craven Cottage... stay tuned for live coverage of the Premier League clash between Fulham and their struggling neighbours Chelsea.
Fulham sit 12th in the top-flight table after a goalless draw at Crystal Palace in their last league outing. Marco Silva’s side were 2-1 victors against Norwich City in Wednesday’s EFL Cup third-round clash, but are yet to string together a run of positive results at the start of their Premier League campaign. The Cottagers may take some confidence from Chelsea’s poor form in recent weeks, with this an ideal opportunity to inflict further pain in their fourth London derby of the season.
Chelsea have endured another turbulent opening to their Premier League season, placed 15th in the league after their 1-0 home loss to Aston Villa. The Blues are winless in their last three league games, since a 3-0 victory over Luton Town at the end of August, but may find comfort in their 1-0 defeat of Brighton in the EFL Cup third round last time out. Mauricio Pochettino is, perhaps, yet to discover his best starting XI amid a flurry of further new additions through the door in the last transfer window, although the Chelsea coach will need a result to quieten questions over his early stewardship.
FULHAM (4-3-3): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Issa Diop, Tim Ream, Antonee Robinson; Harrison Reed, Joao Palhinha, Andreas Pereira; Harry Wilson, Raul Jimenez, Willian.
SUBSTITUTES: Marek Rodak, Calvin Bassey, Tom Cairney, Fode Ballo-Toure, Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Rodrigo Muniz, Alex Iwobi, Sasa Lukic, Carlos Vinicius.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Robert Sanchez; Marc Cucurella, Axel Disasi, Thiago Silva, Levi Colwill; Moises Caicedo, Conor Gallagher; Cole Palmer, Enzo Fernandez, Mykhailo Mudryk; Armando Broja.
SUBSTITUTES: Djordje Petrovic, Raheem Sterling, Noni Madueke, Lesley Ugochukwu, Ian Maatsen, Deivid Washington, Alfie Gilchrist, Josh Brooking, Alex Matos.
Silva opts for just one change from the draw at Palace as Wilson starts ahead of De Cordova-Reid. Jimenez leads the line, with Palhinha heading the midfield in front of the centre-back pairing made up of Ream and Drop. Willian is also named in the starting line-up against his former club Chelsea, who he won two Premier League titles with.
Chelsea make three alterations to their last starting XI in the league, with Sterling dropping to the bench representing the most notable omission. The England international, according to Pochettino before the game, has not trained for the last three days and that offers Palmer his first Blues top-flight start on the right-hand side. Broja replaces suspended striker Nicolas Jackson, while Malo Gusto also misses out due to suspension and Disasi takes his place.
Pochettino has exactly the same record after six Premier League games in charge of the Blues as he did with former club Southampton (P6 W1 D2 L3). The ex-Argentina midfielder then went unbeaten in his next six league games with the Saints, registering 12 points (W3 D3). Can the Chelsea coach start to replicate that run here? We’re about to find out as the teams make their way onto the pitch for kick-off…
Referee Tim Robinson gets things under way at Craven Cottage!
WHAT A MISS! Broja powers in behind the Fulham defence and rounds the onrushing Leno. Yet with just two Cottagers defenders to beat in front of an open goal, the Chelsea forward blazes over a rushed right-footed attempt.
This is Broja’s first Premier League start for Chelsea since November 2022 (a 1-0 loss at Newcastle United), some 324 days ago. The Albania striker has failed to score in his last 13 top-flight starts, after netting six goals across his first 11 starts in the competition. He hasn't started well at Craven Cottage.
Palmer attempts to slip in Fernandez but the World Cup winner can't control the throughball as Leno races off his line to collect. Pochettino's visitors have started well.
Pereira is felled by Caicedo on the left-hand side and goes short from the subsequent free-kick. However, Reed's clipped pass over the top is poor and trickles out for a Chelsea goal-kick.
Only Everton (18) have missed more big chances than Chelsea in the Premier League this term (16, alongside Brentford). Will the Blues rue Broja's early failure?
Mudryk has the opportunity to run at Castagne but comically gets his feet in a tangle and knocks the ball straight out for a goal-kick. Jeers ring around Craven Cottage to taunt the Chelsea winger's mistake.
OVER! Palmer's expert footwork allows Chelsea the chance to progress up the pitch through Fernandez, who offloads to his left for Mudryk. The Blues winger ghosts inside onto his right foot before powering a poor attempt high over the target. He should have tested Leno from that chance.
Palmer and Gallagher combine down the inside right-hand channel before the latter's low cross cannons around the Fulham area. Broja is caught on his heels as the Cottagers eventually manage to clear the danger.
The frustration for Broja continues as the Chelsea forward is needlessly caught offside. Pochettino needs more from his striker, who has made an encouraging recovery from a serious knee injury but his rustiness is showing thus far.
Sanchez miscues a hopeful pass to Cucurella, which delights the lively Craven Cottage crowd. Silva's side have made an assured start in front of their home fans, but are yet to test the Chelsea goal.
Cucurella makes a mess of dealing with Diop's searching long pass and is forced to hook out for a Fulham throw-in. The makeshift right-back has looked suspect in the opening stages. On the other flank, Castagne wins a corner off Silva.
Pereira wanders across to the right-hand side before whipping a teasing delivery towards the near post. Fulham win the first flick-on at the near post but the Blues sweep up the danger at the second opportunity.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 1-0 CHELSEA! The Blues strike first at Craven Cottage as Mudryk scores his first goal for Pochettino's side. Colwill has acres of space on the left flank before clipping through for the Ukraine international, who takes the pass down inside the area before sliding a left-footed finish under the incoming Leno.
Colwill had too much room on the left-hand side, with his cross catching Diop out of position before Mudryk opened the scoring.
GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLL! CHELSEA MAKE IT 2-0! The Blues deal back-to-back blows to Fulham in quick succession. Ream's poor pass causes the Cottagers problems as Palmer slots through into the area for Broja, who inadvertently turns past Leno after Ream's clearance clatters into the Albania striker and rolls into the back of the net.
Pochettino will be delighted to see two of his struggling players fire the Blues into an early two-goal lead. Broja has been sidelined with a knee injury, while Mudryk scored his first goal for Chelsea in what is his 21st Premier League game.
Colwill hacks Castagne down with a late sliding tackle, offering Fulham a brief breather to regather their thoughts. Can the Cottagers work their way back into this clash?
Castagne has space on the right flank but Mudryk smashes into the Fulham right-back with a well-timed challenge. The Belgium full-back regains possession before his curling cross is headed behind by Cucurella, who did well to get in front of Willian.
Willian goes short from the resulting corner but his low cross at the second attempt is easily dealt with by Cucurella. Fernandez then goes down near the touchline but Fulham play on with a quick throw-in, much to the annoyance of Pochettino.
GOOD STOP! Mudryk has the chance to power past Castagne and duly obliges, reaching the byline before slamming a left-footed drive across the face of goal. Leno does excellently to stop the low effort, grasping the ball into his one-handed clutch and thwarting the incoming Broja.
CHANCE! Diop's woeful pass is comfortably intercepted by Fernandez, who threads through for Palmer. The Chelsea winger attempts a delicate offload before a loose ball falls back to Fernandez, but the World Cup winner can only fire a 20-yard strike well over the crossbar.
Jimenez shows his attacking prowess as his quick feet create space for a cutback pass towards the edge of the area. Pereira is ready to pull the trigger but Fernandez steps in with a last-ditch challenge in front of Sanchez's goal.
The majority of Fulham's problems have been caused by their own doing, with Diop and Ream consistently failing with their passes when in possession at the back. The centre-back pairing are playing into the hands of Pochettino's visitors, who look a real threat on the counter-attack.
There was just 82 seconds between Chelsea's opening two goals, after the Blues had failed to score in each of their last three Premier League games. The away side are certainly in the ascendancy at Craven Cottage after that early flurry.
Cucurella smashes into Willian on the left-hand touchline, and referee Robinson is quick to show the Chelsea full-back the first yellow card of the game.
A pair of needless offsides stem any flow of Fulham pressure, as Silva's hosts continue to struggle to trouble their London rivals. Half-time is needed for the Cottagers, who have lacked the quality to test Chelsea yet.
Pereira hacks at Gallagher to stop a quick Chelsea break but somehow the Fulham playmaker avoids a caution. Referee Robinson has a brief word, which is perhaps a touch fortunate for the midfielder.
Palmer once again feeds through the right-hand side for Broja, whose inviting low cross finds no Chelsea team-mate inside the Fulham six-yard box. Ream and Diop are struggling to cope currently.
Jimenez lifts over the top for Wilson, whose curling cross gets headed away by Disasi. Pereira then commits another foul near the halfway line, this time on Caicedo, but no disciplinary action follows from the referee.
WIDE! Colwill has to be alert to turn behind for a corner as Wilson looks to sneak in behind the Chelsea left-back. Pereira swings in the right-sided set-piece before Jimenez sends a diving header just wide when under aerial pressure from Fernandez.
Palhinha fells the onrushing Mudryk, who danced inside from the left flank before being hauled down with a late lunge. The Ukraine international whips the free-kick towards the far post but Disasi is flagged for offside by the assistant referee.
Broja attempts a clever flick-and-run move around Diop, who is far too quick for the Albania striker and muscles Fulham back into control of the ball. Down the other end, Disasi is forced to hook behind Willian's cross for a corner.
Pereira fails to create a chance from the left-sided corner as Silva clears before Palmer kicks for touch. The Chelsea winger's clearance was perhaps more befitting of the Rugby World Cup, rather than this football clash at Craven Cottage.
There will be two additional minutes to end a one-sided first half under the Craven Cottage lights. Sanchez has just raced off his line to intervene in front of the incoming Jimenez inside the Chelsea area.
Colwill finds an unusual attacking position after powering down the left flank, before eventually offloading to Broja. The Blues forward powers to the byline but his cutback pass is cleared at the near post.
HALF-TIME: FULHAM 0-2 CHELSEA
Chelsea head into half-time leading Fulham 2-0 after long-awaited goals for Mudryk and Broja. The Ukraine international scored for the first time in his 21st Premier League appearance with a cool finish, before Broja doubled the Blues' lead just 82 seconds later after a fortuitous ricochet from Ream's clearance. The Cottagers have been well off the pace thus far, rarely troubling Pochettino's assured visitors.
Broja's strike was his first Premier League goal since October 2022 against Wolves, with a knee injury hampering his progress at Stamford Bridge. Pochettino will be pleased with what he has seen from Chelsea's new-look attack, while Fulham head coach Silva will be demanding a much-improved showing in the second period.
Mudryk is forced off at half-time with an injury as Maatsen comes on for the Blues.
Referee Robinson gets the second half under way... can Fulham muster a response after a timid showing in the opening period?
Willian angles a cross-field pass towards Wilson, whose delightful first touch belies a poor cross with his second. Fulham have to find a way to get their two wingers more involved this half.
CLOSE! Palmer has acres of room on the right-hand side before lifting a teasing left-footed delivery towards the six-yard area. Broja gets in front of Ream but can only head over the crossbar from close range.
Fulham continue to play straight into the hands of Chelsea, who press high up the pitch and persist in turning over possession in midfield. Gallagher and Fernandez have been somewhat untouchable thus far, with Palhinha and Reed chasing shadows.
The Fulham home faithful are furious as Colwill wins a cheap free-kick inside the Chelsea area after a needless late aerial challenge by Castagne. At least the Cottagers have something to shout about, for once.
Fulham make a double change, the first of which sees Jimenez replaced by Vinicius.
Wilson also trudges off as Iwobi is introduced on the right-hand side.
SAVE! Caicedo probes through the middle of the pitch before a poor Palhinha touch allows Palmer space. The Chelsea winger sets himself before seeing a curling left-footed attempt held by Leno.
Palmer is shown the second yellow card of the game for an unnecessary late challenge on Robinson.
Robinson surges down the left flank before standing up a cross but Iwobi's back-post effort is poor and Sanchez collects with ease.
Gallagher exacts a slight of revenge for an earlier tackle from Palhinha by bringing down the Portugal midfielder. The Fulham crowd want a yellow card for the Chelsea captain, who escapes without punishment. Things are hotting up at Craven Cottage.
Pereira is cautioned for dissent amid a flurry of fouls in midfield.
Vinicius inexplicably smashes into the back of Silva with a lunging arm, catching the centre-back on the neck. The challenge is briefly checked by the VAR before no further action is taken by referee Robinson.
Palhinha charges down the right flank but sees his own cross deflect back off him and out for a Chelsea throw-in. This spell has lifted the noise inside Craven Cottage.
OVER! Read marauds forward down the right flank before his front-post delivery is headed over by a stretching Vinicius. The Fulham substitute seemed to mistime his jump there.
OFF THE POST! The woodwork denies a third Chelsea goal. Gallagher covers a lot of ground to make it into the area before pulling back for Maatsen, who smashes a left-footed attempt off the left post. Fernandez looks for a follow-up attempt but Leno blocks behind for a corner.
Broja goes down injured after that Maatsen chance. It seems like that will be the game over for the Chelsea striker, with Sterling getting prepared on the touchline.
Sterling, a notable omission from the starting line-up, comes on for the injured Broja.
Silva signals Fulham’s attacking intent by taking off Reed for Cairney.
Ream's searching long pass finds Castagne, who cannons a cross off Colwill and behind for a corner. Pereira takes the set-piece towards the penalty spot but Chelsea sweep up the subsequent danger from Castagne's header, which deflected off Caicedo.
A brief VAR check goes on in the background as play continues, with slight appeals for a handball from Caicedo's block. The officials quickly confirm the Chelsea midfielder blocked with his chest, so Fulham's claims for a penalty fall on deaf ears.
An offside flag brings a halt to Chelsea's attack before Sterling is booked for kicking the ball away. The Blues winger suggests he could not hear the whistle, but referee Robinson shows no interest in his protests.
Gallagher creates room for Sterling, who in turn feeds Maatsen into the area. The Chelsea academy product is soon crowded out by the Fulham defence, though.
No side has hit the woodwork on more occasions than Chelsea in the Premier League this term (five, alongside Liverpool). The Blues are still in the ascendancy at Fulham, despite their luckless returns.
Pereira whips in another left-sided corner but Sanchez claims with real authority in front of Diop. The Chelsea goalkeeper had a congested area around him but dealt with the danger in a comfortable manner.
CHANCE! Iwobi finds a pocket of space inside the right-hand channel before floating a cross towards the penalty spot. However, Vinicius can't generate the required power with his header and Sanchez makes a routine save in the middle of his goal.
Pereira makes way for the final 15 minutes as Lukic returns from injury.
WHAT A SAVE! Cairney creates a chance out of nothing with a delightful low pass towards the six-yard area. Lukic sends a first-time effort towards the middle of the goal but Sanchez kicks away an excellent save. The Fulham substitute should have scored from there.
Ugochukwu comes on for the final stages as Palmer makes way after a superb showing.
Robinson has the Fulham crowd on their feet but can't bring down Cairney's over-the-top pass. Chelsea settle for a goal-kick and eat into some more valuable seconds.
Gallagher bursts down the right-hand side before attempting an audacious outside-of-the-boot strike. Robinson and Ream recover to block in front of Leno's goal.
A delicate Caicedo flick sets Maatsen free down the left flank before Leno intervenes to deal with a low cross. The one-touch football from Chelsea was impressive but finishes without reward.
Caicedo briefly goes down but is soon back on his feet, helped by midfield partner Fernandez and the Chelsea medical team. It looks like the former Brighton man will be fit to continue.
STRIKE! Willian races inside and makes it all the way to the edge of the area before unleashing a fizzing right-footed shot. The effort is swerving but Sanchez comfortably catches in the middle of his goal.
Castagne is a long way forward but his right-wing cross is straight at Silva, who clears out for a throw-in. The Chelsea centre-back then hooks out for a corner when under little pressure inside his own area.
Willian whips in the resulting corner but Vinicius can only head well wide of the target. Fulham have struggled to make their set-piece opportunities count.
Sanchez, in the eyes of the referee, takes too long over a goal-kick and is shown a yellow card for wasting time.
Castagne again marauds down the right flank towards the byline but fails to clip a cross towards a team-mate. Sanchez claims and Fulham's hopes of salvaging a result are sapping away.
Fernandez's throughball is too heavy for Sterling and Leno collects as five minutes of additional time are indicated to end the second half.
Chelsea are heading towards just their second win of the Premier League season as Fernandez is felled near the right-hand touchline.
Cheers ring around the Chelsea away end as the Blues carve a few passes around the Fulham defence. An offside flag against Sterling brings an end to the spell of excitement for the travelling supporters of Pochettino's side.
Caicedo speeds across to his right and clatters into Willian with a well-timed tackle. Both players go down after a tangle of legs, with a brief pause needed for medical attention before the full-time whistle can sound.
Matos is afforded his Premier League debut by Pochettino for the closing minutes. Fernandez is the man replaced.
Caicedo limps off for Madueke, who will see out the remaining minutes for Chelsea.
FULL-TIME: FULHAM 0-2 CHELSEA
Chelsea record just their second win of the Premier League season after a comfortable 2-0 victory over Fulham at Craven Cottage. Mudryk's first top-flight goal for the Blues preceded Broja's strike just 82 seconds later, with those back-to-back blows enough to see Pochettino's visitors to a straightforward triumph over their London rivals.
The Blues climb up to 11th in the league after this victory, leapfrogging Fulham in 13th place. Chelsea are back in action at struggling Burnley on Saturday, when Fulham host Sheffield United. Pochettino will take encouragement from this outing, too, after his side ended a run of three straight losses in the Premier League.
That is all from this live coverage of the Premier League clash between Fulham and Chelsea, who were deserved winners near the banks of the River Thames. Until next time, goodbye for now!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Manchester United and Crystal Palace at Old Trafford!
Four days on from their EFL Cup meeting, Manchester United reconvene with Crystal Palace today, as they seek back-to-back Premier League victories. The Red Devils secured a 3-0 win over the London side in midweek, booking the cup holders' place in the fourth round, where they will again face last season's beaten finalists Newcastle United. After edging past Burnley last time out in the top flight, Erik ten Hag's team sit ninth in the Premier League table and six points behind the top four.
Although they sit just one place and one point behind today's hosts in the Premier League table, Crystal Palace have failed to win any of their last three games in all competitions: a 3-1 loss at Aston Villa and a goalless home draw home with Fulham was followed by the Eagles' EFL Cup exit on Tuesday. Before heading to Old Trafford today, Roy Hodgson's side had won just three of 14 away games since the turn of the year, and only one this season - at Sheffield United on the opening weekend.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Diogo Dalot, Victor Lindelof, Raphael Varane, Sofyan Amrabat; Casemiro, Mason Mount; Facundo Pellistri, Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford; Rasmus Hojlund.
SUBS: Altay Bayindir, Scott McTominay, Jonny Evans, Hannibal Mejbri, Christian Eriksen, Alejandro Garnacho, Harry Maguire, Anthony Martial, Donny van de Beek.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-2-3-1): Sam Johnstone; Joel Ward, Joachim Andersen, Marc Guehi, Tyrick Mitchell; Cheick Doucoure, Will Hughes; Jordan Ayew, Eberechi Eze, Jeffrey Schlupp; Jean-Philippe Mateta.
SUBS: Remi Matthews, Ademola Ola-Adebomi, Jairo Riedewald, Jesurun Rak-Sakyi, Rob Holding, Chris Richards, Nathaniel Clyne, David Ozoh, Malcolm Ebiowei.
Making four changes to the side that saw off Palace in their cup clash, Ten Hag most notably brings in young winger Pellistri for his first Premier League start. Lisandro Martinez and Sergio Reguilon miss out - alongside Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Luke Shaw and several others - as Man United's injury woes continue. Mount recovered from a hamstring problem to feature in midweek, though, and now starts his first league game for over a month, partnering Casemiro in central midfield.
A total of six changes sees Crystal Palace's team transformed from the side that started Tuesday's defeat. Former United goalkeeper Dean Henderson was forced off with a groin injury on his debut, so joins Odsonne Edouard, Michael Olise, Jefferson Lerman among those consigned to the sidelines. In Edouard's absence, Mateta continues to lead the line up front; Johnstone returns in goal, while playmaker Eze is recalled to the first XI.
The players are out on the pitch at Old Trafford, and kick-off is now just moments away!
The home side kick off, and we are under way in Manchester!
Patiently keeping possession inside their own half, Manchester United have most of the ball early on. Then, their first surge forward through Rashford is sharply shut down by Ward.
United are now aiming to build another strong run of results at Old Trafford, after seeing their 31-match unbeaten home run brought to an end by Brighton two weeks ago - they've made a relatively positive start to today's game at the 'Theatre of Dreams'.
Back in the starting lineup today, Johnstone plucks the ball out of the air following a delivery into the box by Dalot. Neither side has come near to creating a chance as yet.
It's still all United at the moment, as Amrabat shifts forward from his starting position at left-back to bolster the hosts' numbers in midfield.
After Ayew steals the ball from Amrabat in midfield, Casemiro lunges into a sliding challenge on the Palace forward and picks up an early booking. He must be careful for the rest of the game.
CLOSE AT BOTH ENDS! Following an inswinging cross from the left, Guehi flicks a header just wide of the right-hand post when unmarked in the area. Then, Hojlund lofts the ball over Johnstone at the other end after a counter-attack, but Mitchell gets back to hack it off the line!
Fleet footwork from Rashford on the left sees him step past two defenders, and it requires two more to block the England striker's path to goal and put the ball behind for a Man United corner. Nothing comes of it, though.
Manchester United have had 84 per cent of possession over the opening 15 minutes of this match, as Crystal Palace dig in and set up a barricade of white shirts between the home side and Johnstone's goal.
After Palace dwell on the ball in midfield, a half-chance opens up for Hojlund, but the young forward snatches at his opportunity and sends a 20-yard shot spiralling well over the crossbar.
There remains very little rhythm to this game, as United struggle to evade some well-organised closing down from their visitors; Palace are primarily concerned with absorbing pressure and - theoretically - striking on the counter.
A brief burst inside from the left by Rashford is quickly extinguished, and then Palace spring forward at speed. Mateta picks out Schlupp's run into space, but Dalot intervenes just in time.
Amrabat initially holds off Ayew near the touchline, but then the Morocco midfielder needlessly bundles his opponent over and concedes a free-kick around 30 yards from goal.
PALACE LEAD! Scoring a first-half goal for the first time this season, Crystal Palace go 1-0 up at Old Trafford! From Eze's free-kick, taken wide on the right, Andersen hooks a brilliant finish into the top-right corner! He hammers it past Onana from 10 yards and sends the away fans crazy!
CLOSE! A nod-down by Dalot from the right sends the ball straight into Casemiro's path just outside the area, and the Brazilian lets fly with a scorcher! However, it zips just wide of the left-hand post! It's livening up a little now!
Following an inswinging cross from the left by Rashford, both Andersen and the Eze have to head the ball away from immediate danger, as Palace defend their lead tigerishly.
An excellent recovery challenge by Varane denies Mateta a clean strike at goal from just inside the area; the striker had been played in by Eze's throughball and was poised to test Onana.
After a free-kick decision does not go Crystal Palace's way, Hughes sees yellow for showing dissent towards the referee.
Varane again intervenes to deny Crystal Palace, as Ayew's dangerous cross from the right byline is cleared away for a corner. Emboldened by their opening goal, the Eagles are growing in confidence.
Play comes to a temporary halt, with Rashford requiring treatment for an apparent ankle injury - he was just caught by Doucoure's studs.
The action resumes, as the recovered Rashford trots back into position and Manchester United continue their pursuit of an equaliser.
United have a chance to add to their meagre tally of one shot on target, as they earn a corner on the right-hand side. However, Casemiro's near-post run and header only sends the ball wide following an inswinging delivery from Fernandes.
Pellistri can't quite latch on to a clever low throughball by Fernandes, who is beginning to pull the strings as Palace legs tire a little and more space opens up just before half-time.
A trio of ineffective passes by Amrabat lead to Manchester United's latest move breaking down, and the home side seem to lack inspiration today; Palace are keeping them at bay quite comfortably.
Ayew positions his body well to win a free-kick deep inside his own half, relieving pressure on the Crystal Palace penalty area - can they retain their lead until half-time?
In the second of at least three minutes added on for stoppages, United continue their fruitless probing just outside Palace's defensive third; they may need a re-think during the interval.
An ill-timed challenge from behind on Rashford brings a booking for Crystal Palace skipper Ward.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 0-1 CRYSTAL PALACE
Stubborn, patient, and clinical when it counted, Crystal Palace lead by a goal at Old Trafford, where hosts Manchester United have yet to get out of third gear. A superb finish from Andersen separates the sides at half-time, during which Ten Hag must affect a change in his team's lacklustre performance. Palace's rigid defensive display bears all the hallmarks of classic Hodgson, and it is the veteran coach who will be far happier with things as they stand.
In addition to finally scoring a first-half goal today - their first in the Premier League this season - Crystal Palace have now stopped the opposition from scoring during the first half no less than six times in seven league games: no team has done so more often.
Crystal Palace kick off the second half, and we are back under way at Old Trafford!
After Dalot is unable to reach Amrabat's cross into the box, Palace threaten a quick counter, but Schlupp's throughball down the left is overhit and concedes possession.
Following Fernandes' corner-kick fron the right, Man United are gradually forced back, to groans from the frustrated home fans. Ten Hag's team may not be at their best - far from it - but Palace are defending with great commitment.
From almost the same spot on the pitch where he volleyed his team in front, Andersen now hacks away Fernandes' ball into the box from the left.
An optimistic effort by Casemiro sends the ball hurtling wide of the left-hand post from 15 yards, as the midfielder tries his luck with a bicycle-kick following Varane's pass.
SAVE! Hojlund and Pellistri combine on the edge of the box, to open up a rare sliver of space. Then, the ball is recycled and Fernandes strikes from an angle on the left, forcing a smart save from Johnstone!
SUPER STOP! Johnstone comes to the rescue again! This time, Hojlund's header from the centre of the box is saved by Palace's keeper! United skipper Fernandes was again involved, creating the chance with a cross.
Such has been their dominance of the ball today, Manchester United have attempted 478 passes in this match already - higher than their season average of 477.5 in the Premier League.
Having failed to make a major impact on his first Premier League start, Pellistri is withdrawn; fellow youngster Garnacho - who scored against Crystal Palace on Tuesday - replaces him.
SAVE! Mateta wins the ball off Lindelof deep inside Man United's area, and then lays the ball back into the path of Hughes. From the edge of the box, the latter drills a powerful strike straight at Onana, who repels it with both palms!
From a corner on the left, taken by Eze towards the near post, Schlupp sends his header looping narrowly over the crossbar and onto the top of the net.
Crystal Palace have seen their share of the ball slip even further since the half-time break, down to just over 20 per cent. Still, they stand firm and remain a threat on the break.
Already one goalkeeper down following Henderson's injury in midweek, the Palace coaching staff are concerned to see Johnstone go to ground clutching his head after a collision in the area. Fortunately, he is able to continue after a brief delay.
CLOSE! Having arrived into the box just on time, Mount misses the target from 10 yards out, flashing his header just over the crossbar following a precise pick-out by Dalot!
JUST WIDE! Palace escape a scare! Mount wins the ball back on the left, then Garnacho skids a low ball along the greasy turf and into the six-yard box. It takes two deflections before spinning inches wide of the far post! Varane then nods further wide following the subsequent corner.
Having drawn several defenders towards him with a direct run through the centre, Eze opts against releasing the ball towards Mateta and instead prods a tame shot wide of the left-hand post from inside the area. That was an excellent chance to all but seal it for the Eagles!
A reckless lunge from the side on Andersen results in Mount collecting a merited yellow card.
Having just been booked, Mount makes way for Martial, as Ten Hag makes a couple more changes.
Rashford follows Mount to the touchline, taken off early after a disappointing performance. Eriksen comes on to replace him.
Riedewald is sent on by Hodgson for the closing stages, as Schlupp is withdrawn.
For a tussle with Ayew on the byline, Amrabat becomes the latest player booked by the referee.
At the end of a prolonged United attack, Garnacho loses patience and cracks a shot at goal from more than 20 yards out but sees it charged down. Time is running out for the Red Devils if they are to avoid a second straight home defeat in the Premier League.
Martial carelessly gives the ball away on the left, as another Man United move falters. Then, Casemiro's cross is cleared away by Guehi.
Sending the ball harmlessly wide of the right-hand post, Casemiro's mishit shot leaves Johnstone a spectator. Surely the home side can come up with one more clear chance before limping to what would be a tame home loss?
Ten Hag makes an unorthodox double switch, taking off both central defenders: first, Varane is replaced by Maguire.
Perhaps a sign of Manchester United's desperation, Van de Beek makes a rare appearance, as Lindelof traipses off.
Palace also make a further substitution. Attacking talisman Eze makes way for a defender, Richards.
Tight to the right byline, Ayew drives a low cross-shot straight at Maguire, sending the ball behind for a Crystal Palace corner. It actually struck Maguire's arm, but there was nothing he could do about it - there's no real question of a penalty being awarded.
Guehi makes a last-gasp block on Garnacho's shot, using his chest to stop the ball. Palace are hanging on in there, but can they hold out until the final whistle?
In the fourth and final minute of second-half stoppage time, Maguire finds himself up on the left wing, but his pass to Garnacho is mishit; striking his team-mate and rolling out for a throw-in.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 0-1 CRYSTAL PALACE
Consigning Manchester United to consecutive Premier League losses at Old Trafford, Crystal Palace put in a performance of great discipline and resilience to move above their hosts in the table. While Palace celebrate a famous victory - thanks to Andersen's fine first-half strike - the Red Devils' are enduring an awful start to their 2023-24 campaign. They lacked any kind of rhythm or even belief today, and deservedly taste defeat for the fourth time in six games.
After being booed off by many of their fans today, Man United will tackle the third of four successive home games when Champions League opponents Galatasaray arrive in Manchester on Tuesday; meanwhile, Palace can reflect on their success for a while before meeting Nottingham Forest next weekend.
That's all from Old Trafford, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Newcastle United and Burnley at St James' Park.
The hosts come into this game on a high looking to extend their unbeaten run to five matches after a brilliant couple of weeks that have included some eye-catching results. They beat Brentford at home before picking up a solid point away at Milan to open their Champions League campaign. There were no signs of a European hangover as they demolished Sheffield United 8-0 last weekend, before dumping treble winners Manchester City out of the EFL Cup in midweek.
Burnley picked up a confidence-boosting 4-0 thrashing of League Two side Salford City in the EFL Cup on Tuesday, a much-needed distraction after a poor start to their Premier League return. They are yet to win a league game and are only kept off the bottom of the table thanks to their superior goal difference over the Blades. Vincent Kompany will be keen to use their cup success in midweek to try and finally put their first three points on the board in the league.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Nick Pope; Kieran Trippier, Fabian Schar, Jamaal Lascelles, Dan Burn; Sean Longstaff, Bruno Guimaraes, Elliot Anderson; Miguel Almiron, Alexander Isak, Anthony Gordon.
SUBS: Paul Dummett, Jacob Murphy, Matt Targett, Joelinton, Matt Ritchie, Martin Dubravka, Sandro Tonali, Valentino Livramento, Lewis Hall.
BURNLEY (4-2-3-1): James Trafford; Connor Roberts, Ameen Al Dakhil, Jordan Beyer, Charlie Taylor; Josh Cullen, Aaron Ramsey; Luca Koleosho, Josh Brownhill, Sander Berge; Mohamed Zeki Andouni.
SUBS: Jacob Bruun Larsen, Anass Zaroury, Arijanet Muric, Vitinho, Jay Rodriguez, Wilson Odobert, Jack Cork, Dara O'Shea, Mike Tresor Ndayishimiye.
Eddie Howe makes eight changes from the cup win over City with only Pope, Lascelles and Isak retaining their places, with the latter of that trio scoring the winner in that game. The likes of Trippier and Guimaraes return, while the in-form Gordon will start on the left wing. Howe has injury worries with Callum Wilson, Sven Botman and Harvey Barnes all ruled out of this one.
Kompany also brings back the majority of his first-choice starting XI after ringing the changes against Salford with Berge the only one to keep his place. Trafford returns between the sticks while Amdouni is preferred to Rodriguez up top. Cullen and Koleosho are among those to come back into the side.
The two sets of players make their way onto the pitch and we are moments away from kick-off!
The visitors get us underway at St James' Park!
Newcastle are doing most of the early pressing here as they look to get off to a quick start.
BIG CHANCE! A huge opportunity goes begging for the visitors as a Burn slip allows Koleosho to nip in. The winger drives into the box before squaring for Amdouni, but Pope bails out his defender as he makes a great stop with his right foot to deny Amdouni's goalbound effort.
Newcastle have won their last four Premier League games against Burnley, as many as they had in their previous 15 league meetings with the Clarets (five draws, six defeats).
Kompany's men are looking a threat when they come forward, with Koleosho causing Burn a few issues down Newcastle's left.
Brownhill is perhaps a bit fortunate not to receive an early booking after he clattered into Gordon.
A stray pass in the Burnley defence is latched onto by Guimaraes, who immediately looks for Isak. The striker receives the ball before making space for a shot, but his eventual effort is saved down low by Trafford.
Burnley are winless in their last nine away league games against Newcastle (four draws, five losses) since a 1-0 victory in April 1976. They would love to end that shocking run here.
GOAL!!! ALMIRON SCORES A STUNNER!!! Ramsey takes far too much time with the ball at his feet in a dangerous area, and Trippier manages to nip it away from him and into the path of Almiron. The Paraguay international then charges forward, before setting his sights on the top left corner. His strike is then excellent, curling over Trafford and in to put Newcastle 1-0 up!
Trippier dispossessed Ramsey and found Almiron in the process, before his team-mate superbly arrowed home.
That was Trippier's fourth assist of the Premier League season, the most in the division.
Gordon receives the first booking of the contest for kicking the ball away.
Longstaff pulls a shot well wide of the target as he drags a bouncing ball past the left post.
The Clarets are struggling to get a foothold in this game at the minute, with their hosts looking the much more likely side to grab the second goal of the contest.
Newcastle won 8-0 against the Blades in their last Premier League game, their biggest ever away league win and biggest overall since 1999, an 8-0 home win over Sheffield Wednesday. They had eight different scorers in the match, a new record by a team in a single Premier League match (excluding own goals).
WHAT A CHANCE! Guimaraes' excellent first-time throughball puts Isak in, but Trafford races out to close him down. The ball comes off the Burnley goalkeeper and loops into the air, and it just will not come down quickly enough for the striker as he ends up off balance, flicking wide of the left post.
Amdouni is booked after a very late challenge on Almiron.
Just over half an hour in at St James' Park and Newcastle have largely been in control. Howe will be keen for a second goal though to tighten his side's grip on the game.
For a fifth time in their nine Premier League seasons, Burnley have failed to win any of their opening five matches. The only side to do so in more different campaigns in the competition is Newcastle (seven).
INCREDIBLE SAVE! Trafford makes a world-class stop to deny Anderson. Longstaff lofts a deep cross to the back post for his fellow Newcastle academy product, and it looks for all the world as if Anderson is going to nod the Magpies two goals ahead. However, Trafford somehow manages to keep it out before his defenders scramble clear.
Burnley's last shot in this game came back in the fourth minute. They have really struggled to create anything of note since Almiron's opening goal.
Beyer is booked for a cynical pull on Isak. The Sweden international and the home crowd are frustrated at the referee's decision not to play advantage with the striker bearing down on goal.
We are nearing the interval, and Kompany will be keen to get his team back to the changing rooms to try and find a way back into this game. The hosts have been by far the better team so far, though their lead remains a slender one.
Amdouni sees a shot blocked wide by Longstaff as Burnley finally have their first shot since the fourth minute. The corner then comes to nothing.
We are into two minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
Trafford gives the ball away in a terrible area but makes up for his mistake by getting down low to save Anderson's curling effort after a neat one-two with Almiron made the space.
HALF-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 1-0 BURNLEY
The teams head back to the changing rooms with the hosts 1-0 up at St James' Park thanks to Almiron's opening goal. Burnley could have been ahead just four minutes in after Burn's slip let Koleosho in to square for Amdouni, though Pope made a great stop to deny the forward's low shot. The Clarets were made to pay for that miss with 14 minutes gone, Trippier dispossessing Ramsey before Almiron took full advantage by sending a delightful curling finish into the back of the net. Isak could and probably should have made it 2-0 when he shot wide, while Trafford made a sublime stop to somehow stop Anderson's diving header flying in to ensure his side went into the break just the one goal down.
Newcastle have been much the better team, but their advantage is only a single goal and Kompany will know his side still have a chance. Howe will be looking for what could be a decisive second goal and has a very strong bench to call upon if he needs, with the likes of Tonali and Joelinto among the substitutes.
The Magpies get us back underway for the second period.
CLOSE! Beyer's header to clear a cross only finds Trippier near the edge of the box. The full-back brings it down before rifling towards goal, and his shot takes a wicked deflection off Taylor. Burnley's hearts are in mouths as the ball goes goalwards, though fortunately for them, the nick only sends the ball just wide of the post.
Burnley have lost all four of the Premier League games in which they have been trailing at half-time this season. Kompany will be looking for a better response from his team.
Trippier and Ramsey clash in midfield after the Burnley man brought down the right-back. The referee manages to quickly calm things down, though.
A deep cross comes off a Burnley head and reaches Schar at the back post, but the centre-back's touch gets away from him and the ball runs out for a goal-kick.
Taylor receives a yellow card for a very heavy sliding challenge on Trippier, who is not best pleased with the tackle.
Longstaff gets up well to meet Trippier's cross, but he cannot hit the target with his header as it flies high and wide of Trafford's goal.
Trippier whips another teasing delivery into the Burnley penalty area, but it just evades Isak in the middle. Newcastle are still looking the more threatening, and Kompany looks as if he is going to go to his bench to try and change that.
Kompany makes a pair of changes. The first sees Bruun Larsen come on for Koleosho.
Rodriguez also enters the fray in place of Amdouni.
Half an hour remaining at St James' Park and despite Newcastle's dominance, their lead remains a narrow one. Kompany will be looking for his substitutes to bring more attacking threat and offer a way back into the contest, while Howe will be desperate for a second goal to potentially put this game to bed.
Burnley have only accumulated 0.49 xG (expected goals), 0.4 of which came from Amdouni's fourth-minute effort that was saved by Pope.
Howe makes his first alteration, bringing on Joelinton for Anderson.
Just minutes after coming on, Joelinton pulls up before going down in the Burnley box. This would be a big blow for Howe and Newcastle.
Ramsey makes way for Odobert.
Joelinton is forced off. Tonali comes on in his place.
Of the 13 previous instances of a team scoring eight goals in a Premier League match, only one has then gone on and lost their next match (W9 D3) – that was Newcastle in September 1999 against Leeds United. None have ever failed to score in their next game, with Liverpool in September 1989 the last to do that in the top-flight, following up a 9-0 win over Crystal Palace with a 0-0 draw with Norwich City.
A couple of Newcastle corners in quick succession come to nothing as they press for a second goal that will likely put this game beyond Burnley's reach.
PENALTY TO NEWCASTLE!!! Gordon takes the ball past Al Dakhil in the Burnley penalty area and the centre-back goes diving in. It is a rash challenge, and the referee points straight to the spot. The hosts will have a huge opportunity to double their lead!
GOAL!!! Cool as you like, Isak steps up and sends Trafford the wrong way, stroking into the bottom right corner to put Newcastle 2-0 up and surely on the way to another three points.
A rare foray forward for Burnley ends with Odobert firing towards goal, though his shot is blocked wide for a corner.
Looking to make up for his mistake for the penalty, Al Dakhil nods goalwards from a corner. It looks to be going over, but Pope tips it over anyway just to be sure.
Howe's men are looking for a third goal, though their opponents are able to clear a couple of corners into their box, keeping themselves in the game.
Guimaraes cleverly wins a free-kick in midfield as he teases Cullen into a challenge. Newcastle have looked the smarter, more experienced side in this game.
Burnley have had just two shots on target in this match, compared to seven for their opponents. They have just not been able to make a dent on their hosts.
Berge makes way for Vitinho.
Zaroury comes on for Berge.
Trafford makes another save to deny Isak from a tight angle as we move into six minutes of additional time. Can the Clarets force a grandstand finish?
Burnley are looking a defeated side now. Their opponents are knocking the ball around nicely, and Kompany's men are struggling to get hold of possession.
Newcastle have had five big chances in this game, compared to just one for their opponents. The Magpies have been the much more threatening side.
Howe makes a couple of changes in the dying seconds, as Almiron makes way for Murphy.
Isak is replaced by Livramento.
FULL-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 2-0 BURNLEY
The full-time whistle blows as Newcastle run out comfortable 2-0 victors after a solid display at St James' Park. They were nearly behind after just four minutes when Pope denied Amdouni, but the hosts dominated from that point on and took the lead with 14 minutes gone, Trippier taking the ball off Ramsey high up the pitch before Almiron arrowed home a superb finish. Howe's men struggled to find a second goal to kill the game off, but any potential for late nerves was banished 14 minutes from time as Isak coolly stroked home a penalty after Al Dakhil's rash challenge on Gordon. The visitors struggled to create much all game, and Newcastle easily saw out the remaining minutes for another three points.
The Magpies now unbeaten in five, moving them into the top half of the Premier League. They now turn their attentions to the Champions League with a huge clash with Kylian Mbappe and Paris Saint-Germain to come on Wednesday when they host the Ligue 1 champions at St James' Park. For Burnley, their dismal start continues, though they remain above the Blades after the Yorkshire side were beaten 2-0 away at West Ham. They travel to Luton Town on Tuesday looking to claim what could be a big three points against another side expected to be among those looking to avoid relegation.
Thanks for joining us for live coverage of Newcastle United's 2-0 Premier League victory over Burnley at St James' Park. Goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League fixture as Nottingham Forest host Brentford!
Nottingham Forest have enjoyed a promising start to their second season back in the Premier League, taking seven points from their first six matches despite playing several tough fixtures, though they were beaten 2-0 by 10-man Manchester City last time out. Steve Cooper's men are yet to lose a league game at the City Ground this term, after their superb home form kept them in the top flight last campaign. Will they continue to make this stadium a fortress?
Brentford, meanwhile, are in the midst of a worrying slump after initially making an encouraging start to 2023-24. Thomas Frank's men are winless in four league matches, losing their last two against Newcastle United and Everton. Is the absence of suspended striker Ivan Toney starting to tell, or are the Bees simply going through a small blip?
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-2-3-1): Matt Turner; Serge Aurier, Willy Boly, Moussa Niakhate, Murillo; Orel Mangala, Ibrahim Sangare; Anthony Elanga, Nicolas Dominguez, Callum Hudson-Odoi; Taiwo Awoniyi.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Odysseas Vlachodimos, Joe Worrall, Cheikhou Kouyate, Morgan Gibbs-White, Chris Wood, Andrey Santos, Harry Toffolo, Divock Origi, Gonzalo Montiel.
BRENTFORD (4-3-3): Mark Flekken; Kristoffer Ajer, Nathan Collins, Ethan Pinnock, Aaron Hickey; Mathias Jensen, Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt; Bryan Mbeumo, Yoane Wissa, Keane Lewis-Potter.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Thomas Strakosha, Neal Maupay, Zanka, Saman Ghoddos, Frank Onyeka, Mads Roerslev, Yehor Yarmolyuk, Michael Olakigbe, Ethan Brierley.
Cooper makes three changes to the Forest team which started at the Etihad Stadium last week. Brazilian defender Murillo – who joined from Corinthians before the transfer window closed – makes his debut in place of Nuno Tavares at left-back. Hudson-Odoi and Elanga are also brought in out wide, with Ola Aina and, perhaps surprisingly, Gibbs-White being replaced.
Frank also makes three changes to the team he picked for Wednesday's EFL Cup defeat to Arsenal. Ajer, Jensen and Lewis-Potter are brought in with Mathias Jorgensen, Onyeka and Roerslev replaced. The Brentford boss was furious with his team's performance in last week's Premier League defeat to Everton, but injuries to key men including Rico Henry, Kevin Schade and Ben Mee have left him with little room for rotation.
Forest have lost just two of their last 17 home Premier League matches (eight wins, seven draws), with their only defeats in that run coming against Newcastle United and Manchester United. Will they maintain their impressive record on this ground, or can Brentford come away from Nottingham with all three points? Kick-off is fast approaching in the East Midlands!
We're under way at the City Ground as Brentford get the ball rolling!
Hickey mistimes a defensive header to allow Elanga to break in behind before pulling the former Manchester United winger back. He picks up an early booking, and Forest can swing the resulting free-kick into the area...
The Brentford backline stands firm to clear Hudson-Odoi's outswinging delivery. Niakhate then launches a long throw into the area, but the Bees repel the danger again.
It's another nervy moment for Brentford as Awoniyi spins Collins while attempting to reach a long pass over the top. Flekken is alert to the danger, though, coming off his line to smother the loose ball.
Now Murillo concedes possession to Norgaard, but he overhits his pass towards Jensen, who is unable to stop it skipping behind for a Forest goal-kick.
Hickey's yellow card, issued after one minute and 13 seconds, was the second-earliest shown in a Premier League game so far this season, after Ashley Young against Brentford last week (38 seconds). He's walking a disciplinary tightrope now.
Elanga breaks down the right to win a corner for Forest. There's a brief VAR check for serious foul play as the winger seemed to catch Janelt earlier in the move, but that is swiftly cleared.
GOAL, BUT NO, THE FLAG IS UP! Hudson-Odoi's corner is flicked on to the far post, where Awoniyi arrives to stab it home! His celebrations, however, are cut short by the linesman's flag, and a VAR check soon confirms that decision. This has been a bright start from Forest, however.
Elanga races into the box once again, but he's forced wide as Brentford recover their defensive shape. The hosts have started with good intensity here.
Sangare sweeps a wonderful pass out to Hudson-Odoi, who checks back before finding Niakhate. His cross is too deep, however, and it runs all the way out.
Brentford have won five of their last eight away league games against Forest (one draw, two defeats), drawing 2-2 in their only previous top-flight visit to the City Ground last season.
Boly looks for Awoniyi over the top, and Flekken has to come off his line to claim it. Brentford then immediately give possession back to Forest – they need to enjoy a spell on the ball!
Janelt does well to win a tussle with Aurier as both men go to ground in midfield. Brentford then look to get Mbeumo involved for the first time, but his poor touch runs out of play on the Bees' right.
Niakhate has started at left-back for Forest, with Murillo tucking inside alongside Boly. The hosts are enjoying another prolonged spell on the ball, with Brentford sitting off in a 4-5-1 shape.
Brentford have finally settled into a better rhythm on the ball. Ajer gets forward on the overlap, but Hudson-Odoi tracks back well to make a well-timed slide tackle.
Brentford are looking to avoid suffering three successive league defeats for the first time since April. We're past the 20-minute mark and the Bees have had to do the majority of the defending, but they are yet to concede a clear-cut chance.
WIDE! Awoniyi cuts inside from the left before releasing to Elanga on the right side of the box. The Swede drives past his marker before shooting, but his low effort is just wide of the near post!
Brentford threaten for the first time as Hickey steps inside before looking for the run of Lewis-Potter with his throughball into the area. Murillo gets across to make a crucial challenge, and Brentford have to settle for a corner.
Brentford's corner is flicked on dangerously by Collins, but Forest clear it at the second attempt. The hosts then launch a counter-attack, but Sangare wastefully shoots against the legs of a visiting defender from range.
Unlucky! Aurier almost latches onto a beautifully weighted pass over the top of Brentford's backline, but his touch just lets him down under pressure from Flekken and it goes behind.
Brentford enjoy a long spell in possession, looking to take the sting out of the contest following Forest's enterprising start.
Niakhate jumps into a clumsy challenge on Jensen, conceding a free-kick just to the right of his own penalty area. The Forest defender is booked, and Brentford will fancy their chances from this dead ball...
Mbeumo looks to be going for goal with his powerful free-kick, and Murillo does well to head it behind for a corner while under pressure and facing his own goal.
Wide! Mbeumo sends a disappointing corner in low towards the near post, and Ajer can only flick it comfortably off target.
Forest's momentum has just stalled a bit here, with Brentford playing their way into the game. Jensen launches a long throw into the hosts' area, but it's cleared. Ajer then chases back after Hudson-Odoi before recovering possession cleanly.
We're yet to see a shot on target from either team in this match, which is yet to burst into life as we pass the 35-minute mark.
Norgaard works the ball wide to Mbeumo, who takes a heavy touch to allow Niakhate in before fouling the Forest defender. Mbeumo and his strike partner Wissa will be disappointed with their failure to make their mark on this first half.
The possession in this first half has been evenly split, 50-50. This has become a somewhat attritional affair – can either team find an opener to spark the contest into life before the break?
Pinnock goes up for another of Jensen's long throws, staying in the Forest area after it's cleared. Norgaard picks him out with a deep delivery from the right, but there are no Brentford team-mates attacking his knock-down, which Turner claims with ease.
A collective groan sounds out as Elanga misplaces a simple pass inside Brentford's half. Forest have lost their way in the last 15 minutes or so.
Forest win a free-kick 30 yards out, slightly to the left of the box. Hudson-Odoi clips it towards Awoniyi and Aurier at the far post, but neither can make a connection as it floats behind.
That's a concerning sight for Forest – debutant Murillo appears to be limping following a heavy coming-together. The Brazilian will soldier on for now as we enter two minutes of stoppage time.
Lewis-Potter gets forward to win a deep free-kick on Brentford's left flank. Mbeumo will deliver this one.
BIG CHANCE! Brentford try one off the training ground as Mbeumo plays the free-kick square for Norgaard, who lifts a nice pass into Janelt's path. His powerful shot takes a deflection before Turner pushes it into the air, and no Brentford player is able to turn the rebound home! Corner!
PENALTY APPEAL… WAVED AWAY! Janelt nods the corner down, and the ball bounces before skipping up onto Boly's hand. The visitors appeal for a spot-kick, but referee Paul Tierney rules the defender had his arm in a natural position.
HALF-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 0-0 BRENTFORD.
It's still goalless as we reach the interval at the City Ground! Forest started brightly and thought they had the lead when Awoniyi prodded home at the back post following an early corner, but the striker was correctly ruled to be offside. Brentford played their way into the first half after making a sluggish start, and they created the best chance from a late free-kick, with Janelt's deflected strike calling Turner into action. Both coaches will expect to see more in attack after the break – stay tuned for more!
Brentford wanted a penalty for handball shortly before the half-time whistle was blown, and replays show the ball brushed Dominguez's outstretched hand before bouncing up onto Boly's arm! Forest may have gotten away with one there!
Forest get the ball rolling for the second half, with neither boss opting to make any changes at the break!
Forest's hearts are in mouths as Turner comes some way out from his goal before seeing a clearance charged down by Norgaard. Fortunately for the hosts, the loose ball doesn't drop to a blue shirt.
Wissa (seven) and Awoniyi (14) managed the fewest and second-fewest touches of all players during the first half. Both teams need to find a better way of servicing their frontmen.
Murillo draws a few gasps with a lovely flick around the corner to find Dominguez. He tries to slide a pass into the area for Awoniyi, but Collins pokes out a leg to block it.
Jensen gets around the back of Niakhate before seeing his driven cross blocked. Lewis-Potter then drives inside from the left, but Dominguez gets back to make a clean intervention. Brentford have started the second half on top.
ALMOST A COMEDIC GOAL! Turner takes far too long over a clearance and Wissa charges in to make a sliding challenge on the goalkeeper! The loose ball trickles slowly towards the goal line, but Boly races back to make a last-ditch clearance. What a let-off for Forest.
There was a brief VAR check on that last incident to ascertain whether Wissa had a case for a penalty, but it was soon cleared.
WIDE! Janelt lets fly from the edge of the box, and his deflected strike drops just wide of the right-hand post with Turner scrambling! Forest clear the resulting corner, then Lewis-Potter fires a wild effort off target.
RED CARD FOR NIAKHATE! Wissa charges towards the edge of the area before being brought down by Niakhate, who was booked in the first half! The Forest defender's tackle was a genuine attempt to win the ball, but he stepped down on Wissa's calf and can have no complaints as he's shown a second yellow card!
GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAL! NORGAARD NETS FOR BRENTFORD! It's a double blow for Forest – they're a man down, and now they're a goal down! Jensen lifts the free-kick into the area, and Norgaard glances a header into the bottom-left corner. But wait, there's a question of offside! The VAR will have a closer look…
Jensen floated a lovely set-piece delivery right onto the head of Norgaard, who made no mistake!
This is extremely tight! Norgaard might just have been level with Boly and Sangare as the crowd of players darted towards goal. We're still waiting for a final decision…
THE GOAL STANDS! Norgaard is adjudged to be level with the Forest defenders! The City Ground crowd don't like it, but Brentford lead 10-man Forest 1-0!
Cooper responds to that dramatic double blow by bringing on Toffolo. Hudson-Odoi is the player sacrificed to add another defender.
Gibbs-White also comes on, with Elanga the man withdrawn.
Janelt is left in a heap following a heavy challenge in midfield. He receives treatment before being helped to his feet.
The Forest fans are not happy with the decisions that have gone against their team here, but Cooper can have absolutely no complaints with Niakhate's dismissal – he scraped his studs down the back of Wissa's leg.
GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLLL! DOMINGUEZ LEVELS WITH A BRILLIANT HEADER! The 10 men of Forest hit back almost immediately as substitute Toffolo gets forward down the left. He crosses towards Dominguez, who is diving away from goal as he sends a fine header looping up over Flekken and into the net! 1-1!
Replacement left-back Toffolo gets the assist after delivering a cross right onto the head of home debutant Dominguez! Great goal!
There might be questions asked of Flekken following Forest's leveller – his starting position seemed to be off and Dominguez was able to float a header over the goalkeeper but under the crossbar.
Jensen hurls another long throw towards the area, where it's flicked on towards Norgaard. He goes up for the header alongside Turner, who unconvincingly flaps at the ball as he goes down. The referee gives the goalkeeper the benefit of the doubt and signals for a foul.
Sangare is booked for dissent. Forest need to watch their discipline.
Frank makes a double change as Brentford attempt to make the most of their numerical advantage. Ghoddos replaces Hickey.
Onyeka, meanwhile, is on for Jensen.
We're into the final 20 minutes of the 90 with Brentford looking to press their numerical advantage home. Aurier gets back on the cover to dispossess Lewis-Potter – Forest have coped well since the red card.
Paul Tierney has given two red cards in four Premier League games this season, no referee has given more.
Turner has to stay alert to prevent Mbeumo from breaking in behind, coming off his line to sweep up from Wissa's pass.
Sangare – who is on a booking – sticks with Lewis-Potter on the Brentford left before knocking the ball out with a well-timed tackle. He had to get that one right.
Frank makes an attacking change as Everton loanee Maupay replaces Lewis-Potter. That switch will see Wissa pull wide.
Heroic defending from Toffolo, who makes a massive block to prevent Maupay volleying Ghoddos' deep cross home. The resulting corner is cleared as far as Onyeka, but he miscues with his long-range effort.
Cooper withdraws Sangare, wary of the midfielder being on a booking. Kouyate takes his place at the base of Forest's midfield.
Dominguez looks to have pulled something as he stretched to challenge Mbeumo on the Brentford right. The Forest goalscorer is still down on the turf and he looks to be in some discomfort.
Cooper will make two further substitutions. Dominguez is unable to continue, so Origi comes on.
Awoniyi also makes way as Wood enters the action.
That's a bold change from Cooper, with Forest seemingly still operating with a front three of Gibbs-White, Wood and Origi despite being a man down. Mangala and Kouyate are anchoring the hosts' midfield.
Brentford have seven minutes plus added time to find a winner. They were in a great position following Niakhate's red card and Norgaard's opener, but Dominguez's first Premier League goal looks like salvaging a point for Forest.
Maupay gets a stroke of luck as his loose touch bounces off Kouyate and comes back to him, but he's crowded out on the left side of the box. Mbeumo then crosses low from the right, and it deflects just wide of the near post!
Mbeumo's corner is flicked on dangerously, but there are no Brentford players gambling at the far post and Mangala can clear!
Forest are penned back inside their own half now, with Brentford working it side to side and patiently looking for an opening.
SAVE! Mbeumo steps inside before seeing his shot charged down. It spins towards the area, where Maupay shoots on the turn, but his effort is held by Turner, diving low to his right.
WHAT A CHALLENGE! Gibbs-White wins a free-kick in a promising position, but Brentford clear the set-piece and counter in devastating fashion. Mbeumo breaks in behind and looks set to pull the trigger, but Gibbs-White appears from nowhere to make a goal-saving tackle!
Onyeka was booked for his challenge on Gibbs-White, which led to Forest's initial set-piece chance.
Brentford have made their final changes. Roerslev is on for Ajer.
Meanwhile, Olakigbe has replaced Janelt.
WOW. We will have 13 additional minutes here! The Forest fans are fuming with that announcement.
Roerslev stands up a cross from the right… but Mbeumo can't keep his header down! So far, so good for Forest in stoppage time – they're managing the game well.
Mbeumo has had a game to forget here! He slides a pass in front of Roerslev on the overlap, but it carries far too much weight and goes behind!
SO CLOSE! Forest's substitutes almost combine for a dramatic winner! Origi gets forward to cross from the right, finding Wood in the centre. The delivery is just behind the towering striker six yards out, and he heads narrowly over the top-left corner!
OFF THE LINE! Mbeumo hits a dreadful cross which everybody expects to drift out of play. However, Olakigbe is alive to keep the ball in before driving in from the left and shooting low towards goal. Turner is beaten, but Murillo gets back to make a goal-saving block! Forest are hanging on!
OVER! Brentford work a corner out to Norgaard, who strikes it from 25 yards out. His vicious effort dips as Turner scrambles across his goal, and it just brushes the roof of the net on its way over!
Now Gibbs-White wins a free-kick in a promising position. The former Wolves man will lift this one into the Brentford area...
WIDE! Gibbs-White's delivery finds Boly, who glances his header just wide of the bottom-left corner. He was totally unmarked 12 yards out!
Now Collins steps out to play a neat pass through for Onyeka, but Boly goes to ground to make the block. We just had a brief stoppage, so we will go beyond the 13 signalled minutes of stoppage time!
HUGE BLOCK! Mbeumo brings the ball down inside a crowded penalty area before offloading for Maupay. He blasts at goal from 15 yards out, but Boly throws himself in front of the ball to divert it over! There's a quick VAR check for handball… but there was absolutely nothing in that!
Brentford have everyone forward as Roerslev crosses from the right… but Turner claims it! That will surely be that at the City Ground!
FULL-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 1-1 BRENTFORD.
And breathe! If the first half was dull, the second made for exceptional viewing, but there's nothing to separate Nottingham Forest and Brentford in the end! The hosts went down to 10 men when Niakhate – who had already been booked – clumsily scraped his studs down Wissa's calf, and Brentford took the lead when Norgaard headed home from the resulting free-kick. However, Forest hit back through Dominguez's fine header, and some heroic defending from Boly and Murillo ensured they navigated 13 tense minutes of stoppage time. It finishes 1-1!
While Frank will be content to see Brentford avoid a third straight Premier League defeat, he will be frustrated by their failure to punish 10-man Forest. His mood will not be improved when he watches certain incidents back, either! Dominguez was fortunate to avoid conceding a penalty for handball in the first half, and replays also show that Turner may have caught Wissa inside the box early in the second period…
We hope you've enjoyed our coverage of this topsy-turvy Premier League tussle. Until next time, it's goodbye from us!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Tottenham and Liverpool at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium!
Spurs are flying high under Ange Postecoglou so far, making an unbeaten start to their Premier League season so far. They've won four and drawn two of their matches in the competition and came from behind twice last time out to earn a 2-2 draw against Arsenal in the North London derby. Three points here would lift them above Liverpool, but that means doing something they've only managed once in the last 21 meetings between these sides, and that win came back in October 2017 (4-1), though it was at home.
Liverpool are yet to lose in all competitions so far this season, winning all seven of their outings since an opening day draw with Chelsea. They've won their last four on the bounce by a 3-1 scoreline and had to come from behind for the fifth time already this campaign to knock Leicester City out of the EFL Cup when they met on Wednesday. A win here today would take the Reds to the top of the table after Manchester City's loss earlier on.
TOTTENHAM STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Destiny Udogie; Pape Sarr, Yves Bissouma; Dejan Kulusevski, James Maddison, Son Heung-Min; Richarlison.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Manor Solomon, Emerson Royal, Fraser Forster, Jamie Donley, Alejo Veliz, Ben Davies, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Oliver Skipp.
LIVERPOOL STARTING XI (4-3-3): Alisson; Joe Gomez, Joel Matip, Virgil van Dijk, Andy Robertson; Dominik Szoboszlai, Alexis Mac Allister, Curtis Jones; Mohamed Salah, Cody Gakpo, Luis Diaz.
LIVERPOOL SUBS: Kostas Tsimikas, Ryan Gravenberch, Harvey Elliott, Darwin Nunez, Wataru Endo, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Diogo Jota, Caoimhin Kelleher, Ibrahima Konate.
Postecoglou makes just one change from the draw with Arsenal on Sunday. Brennan Johnson picked up a hamstring injury in that game, so he's out today. Richarlison replaces him, while Maddison is fit to retain his place despite being forced off with a knee injury last time out.
After making a lot of changes in midweek against Leicester, Klopp names almost the same side that beat West Ham last weekend. There's just one alteration from that line-up as Gakpo replaces Nunez, who starts on the bench. Alexander-Arnold is also among the substitutes after returning from a hamstring injury.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Szoboszlai gets the game under way for Liverpool!
Richarlison clips a cross in from the right which Matip just about manages to get away. Spurs quickly win it back, with Bissouma looking to clip it over the top for Son, but Van Dijk cuts that one out.
Van Dijk goes for the big switch out to Salah on the right, and the Egyptian gets the better of Udogie. He fizzes a squared pass to Szoboszlai on the edge of the box, but his first-time shot is deflected wide.
Udogie gets the ball in his own half, and makes a good run down the left, holding off Szoboszlai along the way. He tries to pull it back from the byline, but it rolled out before he played the cross.
Liverpool have scored at least once in each of their last 15 Premier League games against Spurs. However, they've only kept two clean sheets in that run, with both sides finding the net in each of the last six meetings between them.
Both sides are struggling to keep hold of the ball at the moment. Salah's driving run is cut out by Romero's sliding challenge, and Maddison and Gakpo get in a tangle as they both try to get onto it.
CHANCE! Maddison quickly switches play out to Richarlison, who has acres of space down the left. He fizzes a dangerous low ball across the face of goal which Alisson leaves, and luckily for him, nobody is there for Spurs.
DOUBLE SAVE! It's switched out to Diaz on the left, and he touches it into Robertson, who picks out Gakpo. He's off-balance and takes a shot before hitting the shot which Vicario gets behind. Robertson follows up with a volley, but the keeper denies him too.
Spurs' high press is causing some nerves amongst Liverpool's backline. Alisson rushes a pass out to Matip, who has to stretch to stop Richarlison from winning it back high upfield.
Spurs think they should have a free-kick for a handball against Van Dijk, but they get a corner instead. Maddison goes over to take it, but Mac Allister deals with it at the near post.
BLOCK! Salah threads it forward for Szoboszlai and he hits his cross between the two Liverpool players in the box. Jones makes a late run in support and takes a touch before hitting a shot, but it's deflected wide.
Liverpool are keeping Spurs penned back in their own half at the moment. Robertson's throw-in to Diaz is flicked onto Salah on the edge of the box, but he sends his shot sailing high and wide.
Spurs are keeping possession well at the moment, but it's all in front of Liverpool. They can't seem to find any space to get over the halfway line.
Jones is shown a yellow card for a late tackle on Bissouma, but VAR is having a look at this for a possible red card for serious foul play. It's a really poor tackle high on his ankle, and the youngster could be in trouble here.
JONES IS SENT OFF! The referee is called over to the monitor to have another look at the incident himself. It's obvious that Jones wasn't intentionally trying to hurt Bissouma, but he went over the top of the ball and caught him high with studs. The original yellow card decision is overturned, and Liverpool are down to 10!
Bissouma is now back on his feet, but moving gingerly as he limps to the sidelines with the physio. It looks like he's going to try and carry on.
SAVE! Spurs' confidence is up and they're moving it upfield with a new found intensity. Maddison gets it on the edge of the D, and uses Van Dijk as a shield to curl it on goal, but Alisson stretches to hold it.
Liverpool are scrambling to keep the ball out of their box, and Spurs are upping the pressure once more. They put in a couple of crosses from the right which are cleared, but it keeps going back out to them.
GOOD CHANCE! Since they're having no luck down the right, Spurs switch it out to Richarlison on the far side. He has space and cuts inside before lifting a shot over Alisson, but it keeps rising over the bar.
NO GOAL! It's good work from Salah on the right, as he outmuscles Kulusevski to slide the ball through the middle to Diaz. He gets goalside of Van de Ven and fizzes a low shot across goal, but as he runs off in celebration, he sees the offside flag go up.
SON SCORES! Liverpool have been all over the place at the back since going a man down, and Spurs punish them for it! Maddison picks out Richarlison's run down the left once more and he unselfishly squares it into the middle for Son. Alisson was drawn to the ball, leaving the Spurs captain to tap it into the empty net. 1-0 Spurs!
Richarlison has been afforded a lot of space down the left in this game, and this time, Liverpool are caught out by it as he picks out the perfect pass.
Gomez darts into the box to get on the end of Salah's throughball, and he goes down under pressure from Van de Ven. It did look like he was waiting for the contact, and the referee only points for a corner.
Mac Allister blocks off Son's run before stretching to dispossess Udogie. He gets nowhere near the ball, stepping on the left-back's foot instead, and he goes into the book.
SAVE! Kulusevski squares it to Son, and he tries to return the favour to Richarlison by teeing him up. He takes too long to pick out a shot, and then tries to chip it over Matip, but Alisson comfortably gets a hand to it.
OFF THE POST! Liverpool are all over the place at the back. Udogie pulls it back to Son from the byline, and he touches it into Kulusevski. It gets away from him, so Richarlison takes over, but his low shot strikes the far post.
Gomez's legs are taken out from under him by Richarlison, and Liverpool win a free-kick on the right. Szoboszlai swings it in, but Sarr heads it clear for the hosts.
Spurs break quickly on the counter, with Son leading the charge down the left. Maddison is getting up in support, and it looks like the South Korean is trying to pick him out. The cross is too heavy though, and Alisson collects.
Udogie tries to pull out of a challenge when the ball gets away from him, but in doing so, he catches Gakpo's ankle under his leg. He's shown a yellow card.
GAKPO EQUALISES! Mac Allister pings it out to Szoboszlai on the right, and he curls a lovely cross into the far post. Van Dijk nods it down and it bounces behind Gakpo, but he controls it before hitting it on the half-turn. Vicario does get fingertips to it, but the power takes the shot straight into the back of the net. 1-1!
Van Dijk was completely free as he peeled away to get on the end of Szoboszlai's cross and nods it down into a good area.
Gakpo went down as soon as the ball hit the back of the net, and it looks like his ankle is causing him a problem after being caught by Udogie earlier. He can carry on after treatment.
GREAT CHANCE! Liverpool almost take a lead into half-time! Porro drops off, allowing Salah to carry the ball towards the edge of the box and he pokes it towards the far post. Diaz is stretching, and he can only poke it wide.
HALF-TIME: TOTTENHAM 1-1 LIVERPOOL.
10-man Liverpool equalise in stoppage time to make it 1-1 with Spurs at the break. The Reds started brightly, with Gakpo and Robertson forcing Vicario into an early double save. The game was flipped on its head when VAR chose to upgrade a yellow card to red for Jones after a high tackle on Bissouma in the 26th minute. Spurs took the lead through Son just 10 minutes later, but Gakpo equalised just before half-time to set up an interesting second half.
Postecoglou's side struggled to get at Liverpool early on, but after the red card, used their advantage well to break the deadlock. He'll be hoping they can do it again in the second half. Liverpool will take confidence from how they responded to going a man and goal down, but Klopp will be looking for ways to keep his front three in this game as it goes on.
Gakpo still looked uncomfortable as he went off for half-time after picking up an ankle problem. He's replaced by Jota.
Spurs get us back underway for the second half!
Spurs are keeping Liverpool penned back in their own half early on here, but they can't get into the box. Maddison and Richarlison both see crosses cleared, and Salah can't break on the counter.
GREAT SAVE! Romero pulls it back to Maddison just outside the box and he curls a lovely shot between two Liverpool players towards the far post. Alisson is at full stretch and tips it wide.
ALISSON SAVES AGAIN! Liverpool just can't clear their lines, and it's clipped into Son in the middle of the box. He chests it down before volleying a shot on goal, and the keeper has to push this one over his bar.
Only Jamie Vardy (five between February 2016 and December 2017) has scored in more successive Premier League games against Liverpool than Son, who has now scored in his last four appearances against them.
Mac Allister wins a free-kick on the halfway line and Szoboszlai tries to take it quickly. Salah isn't quite on the same wavelength though, and Spurs win it back.
Liverpool can't make anything of their free-kick near the corner flag and Son bursts forward on the counter down the left. Liverpool are scrambling back into their shape, but Sarr's shot is straight at Alisson.
NO GOAL! Maddison spins away from Mac Allister before sliding a lovely ball through Liverpool's defence to pick out Richarlison. He pulls it back to Son again, and he guides it into the net, but the flag is up against the Brazilian.
It's another good attack from Spurs down the left, and this time, Son is looking to turn provider. He pulls it back from the byline towards Porro, but Alisson manages to cut it out.
Richarlison is causing some real problems down Spurs' left and he gets a yard on Van Dijk once more. He pulls it back into the middle, but this time, there's no one there for the hosts.
Salah is leading a solo charge upfield, but he gets in a tangle with Udogie, who does well to track back. The defender goes down softly, but then the Egyptian kicks the ball away in frustration which earns him a booking for dissent.
There are a couple of fouls creeping into play now. There's no real rhythm to the game as both sides keep breaking up play before any real possession can be developed.
Udogie is getting away from Jota, who just sticks out a leg to clip him from behind. He's the latest player to pick up a booking.
Spurs are making their first change of the game now. The goalscorer, Son, is replaced by Solomon.
JOTA IS SENT OFF! Liverpool are now down to nine men! Udogie picks the forward's pocket, and Jota lunges in to try and make up for losing possession. He completely misses the ball but clips the player, and just over a minute after picking up his first booking, he gets a second.
Maddison is urging the fans to raise the volume as Spurs win another corner. Liverpool manage to get this one away, but their task is only going to get harder from here as the hosts quickly win it back once more.
Liverpool are making a triple defensive change as Klopp looks to try and see out this draw. Diaz is the first to go off, with Endo on for him.
And Salah is the last to go off, with Alexander-Arnold on in his place.
Gomez is also taken off, with Konate on for him.
Liverpool win a corner, and it's swung into the near post where Van Dijk gets in front of his marker. He volleys a shot towards goal, but he can't direct it on target.
Liverpool have had three red cards in their last six Premier League games, which is as many as their previous 168 beforehand.
It's patient play from Spurs as they try to draw the nine men of Liverpool out of their own box. Solomon catches Alexander-Arnold out as he cuts inside and tries to curl it inside the far post, but he sends it just wide.
The final change for Liverpool sees Gravenberch come on in place of Mac Allister.
There are shouts from the home fans for a penalty as Kulusevski goes down in the box. He skipped past Alexander-Arnold before jinking past Gravenberch, whose leg was outstretched, but no contact was made.
Spurs are making a double change now. Udogie is the first to go off, with Davies replacing him.
And Skipp is also brought on in place of Sarr.
Spurs are still dominating possession here, but are struggling to break Liverpool down. Maddison tries to catch them out by curling an early cross into the box, but Matip heads it clear.
Robertson just caught Porro with his elbow during an aerial challenge and goes into the referee's book.
Bissouma holds Endo off by putting a hand to the midfielder's face. He can have no complaints with that booking.
The yellow card is out again, this time for Romero who blocks off Szoboszlai's run when he tries to break on the counter.
Spurs are making a double change as they continue to search for a late winner. Maddison is the first to go off, with Veliz on for him.
And Hojbjerg is also on in place of Bissouma.
Solomon gets in front of Alexander-Arnold on the left and curls a lovely cross into the middle. Kulusevski is waiting for it, but Alisson wants it more as he rushes out to push it away.
Spurs are switching it from left to right, trying to open up space in behind Liverpool. Kulusevski looks to curl it into the far post but gets too much on it and it sends straight out of play.
There's another yellow card here, this time for Van Dijk, who is deemed to be time-wasting.
OWN GOAL! Spurs have won it at the death! Romero spots Porro's unmarked run down the right, and the Spaniard fizzes a low cross in early when he sees Robertson closing him down. Matip knows that Skipp is rushing in behind him and sticks out a leg to block it, but inadvertently turns the ball into the back of his own net instead. 2-1 Spurs!
The Spurs players rushed to the stands to celebrate that goal, and Porro's celebration is deemed to be excessive.
Veliz also goes into the book for time-wasting.
FULL-TIME: TOTTENHAM 2-1 LIVERPOOL.
Matip's last-minute own goal sees Spurs snatch a dramatic 2-1 win over nine-man Liverpool. The Reds started the game brightly, only to go down to 10 men after 26 minutes when Jones' yellow card was upgraded to red for a high tackle. Diaz then had a goal ruled out for a tight offside before Son slotted Spurs' opener into the back of an empty net. Gakpo pulled Liverpool level just before the break with a fine goal. Son thought he'd scored his second of the game, but was also denied by the flag. Jota came off the bench in the second half, but two yellow cards in as many minutes saw him sent off too. Liverpool defended staunchly, but Matip put the ball into his own net in the 96th minute trying to block Porro's cross.
Spurs' unbeaten start to the season continues, and that win lifts them into second, just one point behind leaders Manchester City. Next up for them is Luton Town away. Liverpool's own unbeaten streak comes to an end as they drop to fourth. They now turn their attention to the Europa League and Union Saint-Gilloise on Thursday.
That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to the live commentary of the Premier League match between West Ham and Sheffield United at the London Stadium.
West Ham's impressive start to the season has been halted in their last two matches with back-to-back defeats to Manchester City and Liverpool. The Hammers took 10 points from their opening four games before losing out to City and Liverpool. David Moyes' men did advance to the next round of the EFL Cup after seeing off Lincoln City during the week. Given Sheffield United's issues, West Ham will be hopeful of returning to winning ways in the Premier League to regain their momentum.
Sheffield United endured one of their worst matches in their history last time out, suffering a 8-0 hammering at the hands of Newcastle United. Paul Heckingbottom's men were routed on home soil and need a response to avoid another defeat. The Blades are rock bottom of the Premier League after taking only one point from their opening six games. And although it's early in the campaign, the longer the club go without a win, the more the pressure will build on Heckingbottom and his squad.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Kurt Zouma, Nayef Aguerd, Emerson; Edson Alvarez, Tomas Soucek; Jarrod Bowen, James Ward-Prowse, Lucas Paqueta; Michail Antonio.
WEST HAM UNITED SUBS: Lukasz Fabianski, Pablo Fornals, Mohammed Kudus, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Maxwel Cornet, Danny Ings, Angelo Ogbonna, Said Benrahma, Thilo Kehrer.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-5-2): Wes Foderingham; Anel Ahmedhodzic, John Egan, Jack Robinson; Jayden Bogle, Gustavo Hamer, Vinicius, James McAtee, Luke Thomas; Oliver McBurnie, Cameron Archer.
SHEFFIELD UNITED SUBS: Adam Davies, Auston Trusty, Chris Basham, Rhian Brewster, Benie Traore, Oliver Norwood, Tom Davies, Anis Ben Slimane, Yasser Larouci.
Moyes made several changes to his side for the EFL Cup clash against Lincoln, but he has reverted back to the same side that was beaten by Liverpool. Antonio leads the line supported by Bowen, Ward-Prowse and Paqueta. Alvarez and Soucek sit in front of the back four, while Areola returns to replace Fabianski.
Despite the emphatic nature of their defeat to Newcastle last time out, Heckingbottom makes only one change to his side this afternoon. Norwood drops out of the team and is replaced by McBurnie, who joins Archer in the final third. Hamer, McAtee and Vinicius anchor the midfield.
Sheffield United have won just one of their last 10 away league games against West Ham (D4 L5), picking up a 2-0 win in the Championship in January 2005.
We're under way at London Stadium.
West Ham win a corner down the right flank that Ward-Prowse whips into the box. There's a clash of heads and McBurnie goes down, forcing a stoppage in play.
Paqueta plays a one-two with Soucek on the edge of the Sheffield United box, but Robinson acts to prevent him firing at goal with a desperate challenge.
CHANCE! Bowen gets the better of McAtee down the right flank rolling the midfielder with ease. He sends a cutback towards Soucek, but the midfielder launches his first-time strike over the top.
Antonio twists and turns down the right flank and forces a cross into the box. Soucek can only glance his header away from goal before Paqueta hammers a cutback straight at Foderingham.
McAtee drives forward for the Blades and offloads to Bogle on the right flank. He sends a low cross that fails to beat Aguerd, who clears the danger for the hosts.
BLOCKS! Thomas sends a cross into the box from the left flank that falls for Archer. He turns to shoot, only to be denied by Aguerd. Hamer pounces on the loose ball and shoots, but Soucek deflects it over the top.
Paqueta goes for the give and go with Emerson and he bursts down the left flank. Ahmedhodzic has to act to deflect his cutback behind for a corner.
SAVE AND OFF THE LINE! Ward-Prowse lifts the resulting corner into the box where Bowen heads towards goal. Foderingham acts to make a reaction save, but the rebound falls to Aguerd to head towards goal. Robinson is in the right place at the right time to head off the line.
The Blades win the ball high up the field and McBurnie releases Archer with a neat backheel. The striker shoots on his right foot from 20 yards, only to lift his effort over the top.
Vinicius loses possession in his own half and he trips Bowen on the edge of the Sheffield United box. Ward-Prowse stands over the ball.
SAVE! Ward-Prowse fires at goal from the edge of the box, but Foderingham watches his effort all the way to make a comfortable stop.
Bogle raids down the right flank and floats a cross into the box, but Ahmedhodzic cannot connect with his header. The Blades keep the pressure on, but Bogle is flagged offside as he collects an offload from McAtee.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!! BOWEN FINISHES A SUBLIME TEAM MOVE!!!! 1-0 WEST HAM! Bowen puts the Hammers ahead with a composed finish from 12 yards to complete a flowing move. Bowen starts the attack with an offload to Soucek, who then releases Coufal in acres of space down the right flank. The right-back produces a fine cutback to fine Bowen in stride in the box and he steers his effort away from Foderingham into the bottom-left corner.
Coufal makes a great run down the right flank and then picks out Bowen with a perfect cutback before the winger does the rest.
Emerson floats a cross towards Antonio in the box. He fends off one challenge and tries to shoot on the turn, but Egan blocks his strike behind for a corner.
Thomas has a nervy wait for a VAR check for a potential handball from a Ward-Prowse corner, but the decision remains on the field for no penalty to the Hammers.
Alvarez latches onto a loose ball 20 yards from goal and launches a strike towards the target that Foderingham claims with ease.
WIDE! Bowen feeds Antonio and he runs at the Sheffield United defence. He has support, but goes for the strike alone and blasts his effort wide.
McAtee slides in hard on Soucek and goes into the book.
Coufal sends a throw-in to Bowen in the box. He works the ball onto his left foot to look for a space to fire at goal, but he places his effort wide of the target.
West Ham work the ball around the edge of the Blades box before Coufal clips a delivery into the middle that Soucek glances wide of the target.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!! SOUCEK MAKES IT TWO!!!! 2-0!!!!!!! The Hammers extend their advantage as Soucek bundles the ball past Foderingham. Hamer sees his pass out wide intercepted by Emerson, who finds Antonio with his offload. Antonio spots the run of Soucek in the box and the midfielder manages to get enough power behind his left-footed strike to score before he falls over. West Ham are in command.
Antonio releases Soucek in the box and the midfielder completes a close-range finish.
CHANCE! McBurnie spurns a huge chance to get the Blades back into the game. Archer sends a pass to the forward in the right-inside channel and he gets the ball out of his feet, only to drag his effort wide of the target.
Alvarez brings down Bogle in the West Ham half and goes into the book.
Coufal has space down the right flank and digs out a cross for Ward-Prowse to attack, but his header is tame and straight at Foderingham.
Soucek continues to threaten in the final third. He attacks a deep cross from Emerson to the back post, but Foderingham punches his effort away.
Hamer attacks Bogle's deep cross in the inside-left channel, but his header trickles wide of the post and evades Archer attempting to sneak in behind Aguerd.
There will be three minutes of added time.
West Ham seem content to see out the half with their two-goal advantage intact. It has been a great first period from Moyes' men.
HALF-TIME: WEST HAM 2-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED
West Ham hold a 2-0 lead over Sheffield United at the break in their Premier League clash. The home side took the lead through Jarrod Bowen following a sublime team move down the right flank. Tomas Soucek extended their advantage from a brisk counter after being picked out by Michail Antonio. The Hammers are in control and are 45 minutes away from returning to winning ways in the Premier League.
Sheffield United have been exposed in both boxes yet again. They've failed to take their openings as Oli McBurnie and Cameron Archer missed good opportunities, while at the other end they've paid the price for their mistakes. The second half is a massive test of character for Paul Heckingbottom's team.
We're back under way at London Stadium.
Sheffield United have failed to score a first-half goal in six of their seven games. Not a great stat for Heckingbottom and his team.
Bowen raids down the right flank and clips a cross into the middle. Foderingham makes the claim, but loses it briefly. Fortunately for the keeper, no one in a West Ham shirt is there to capitalise.
Paqueta draws a foul from Bogle on the left flank, but the visitors are able to clear the danger from Ward-Prowse's free-kick.
OVER! Robinson throws the ball long into the box and Egan steers it towards Vinicius. He tries to place an effort towards goal, but it's deflected over the top.
A concern for the visitors as Egan is down in need of treatment. He may have to make way here.
Egan is forced off with a leg injury and is replaced at the back by Basham.
CHANCE! Ahmedhodzic connects with a header at the back post, but Areola spreads himself and uses the angle to his benefit to make the stop.
West Ham are playing a patient game and are not forcing the issue with their two-goal advantage. The Hammers seem content to wait for their moment.
West Ham cut the Blades open at the back as Antonio releases Bowen. He rounds Foderingham, but the angle takes him away from goal. Bowen works the ball back to Antonio, but Vinicius closes him down before he can fire at goal.
Ward-Prowse lifts a couple of crosses into the middle from the right flank, but Bowen can only loop his header straight into the hands of Foderingham.
WIDE! Aguerd rises highest in the box from another Ward-Prowse delivery from a corner, only to plant his header inches wide of the target.
Alvarez has to be careful as he catches Bogle and gives away a free-kick. That could be his final warning.
Davies enters the action to replace McAtee in the Blades midfield.
Hamer probes down the inside-left channel and he tries to force a strike across the face of goal that Aguerd does well to divert behind.
Benrahma comes onto the field to replace Alvarez, which will see Ward-Prowse drop back.
Kudus replaces Antonio in the final third as Bowen moves into the middle.
Although West Ham are in control, the home side have not put the game beyond the reach of the visitors yet. Moyes will be anxious for his team to kill off the game with a third.
WIDE! McBurnie rises to attack a long throw into the box from the left flank from Robinson, but his glancing effort trickles just wide of the left post.
BLOCK! Archer makes a driving run into the West Ham box and offloads to his right for Bogle to strike, only to see his effort charged down by Emerson.
Ben Slimane is on for Hamer in the Blades midfield.
Trusty enters the action to replace Bogle down the right flank.
Brewster replaces Archer in the final third after a frustrating day.
The Blades continue to press and Davies goes down under pressure from Soucek. There's no penalty awarded, but McBurnie pounces on the loose ball and sees his effort blocked.
Benrahma twists and turns in the final third and looks for Soucek. He gets fortunate as Davies' tackle on his team-mate sends the ball straight back to him, but his first-time curling effort travels straight at Foderingham.
WIDE! Davies feeds Slimane on the edge of the box and he turns to curl an effort towards goal that flashes wide of the post.
Sheffield United continue to pour forward in numbers. Slimane looks for space for a strike before Thomas takes on a drive that is blocked. It has been the story of their day.
There's a scramble at the other end of the pitch as Benrahma forces a low ball across the face of goal, but the Blades act to prevent Paqueta and Bowen from turning the ball home.
WIDE! Benrahma and Paqueta combine to tee up Bowen in the box, but his left-footed strike is deflected wide of the target.
There will be six minutes of added time.
Soucek rises to connect with Ward-Prowse's corner, but he heads his effort straight at Foderingham.
Bowen makes way for the hosts after another productive game. Fornals replaces him.
Mavropanos comes on for Paqueta to shore up the West Ham defence for the closing stages.
Fornals breaks down the right flank and looks for a cutback towards Kudus that is deflected away from the forward in the middle.
Slimane collects on the edge of the box and looks for a strike at goal for a consolation, but his effort is tame and straight at Areola.
Vinicius tracks back to prevent Benrahma firing at goal for a potential West Ham third, putting in a great sliding challenge.
FULL-TIME: WEST HAM 2-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED
West Ham get back to winning ways in the Premier League with a 2-0 victory over Sheffield United at London Stadium. The Hammers scored both goals in the first half as Jarrod Bowen finished a sublime team move before Tomas Soucek bundled the ball home following a quick counter from the hosts. The Blades put in plenty of effort, but lacked the quality in the final third to trouble David Moyes' men and as a result remain bottom of the Premier League table.
West Ham are next in action next Sunday against Newcastle United at home. The Blades travel to face Fulham in their next outing next Saturday.
Thanks for joining our commentary. Until next time, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League fixture as Wolves host Manchester City at Molineux!
Wolves are in need of a result after taking just four points from their first six games of the Premier League season, but they face the most difficult of tasks here! Gary O'Neil has been in charge for just over seven weeks, but last Saturday's draw against Luton Town, which was followed by an EFL Cup defeat at Ipswich Town, has ramped up the pressure on the ex-Bournemouth boss. Can he mastermind a huge upset at Molineux?
City, meanwhile, have enjoyed a serene start to their latest Premier League title defence, winning their first six games of the campaign, though they did fall to a 1-0 defeat at Newcastle United in the EFL Cup in midweek. Pep Guardiola's team could become just the third side to begin a Premier League campaign with seven successive victories – both of the previous two went on to win the title, with Chelsea doing so in 2005-06 (first nine) and Liverpool replicating that feat in 2019-20 (first eight).
WOLVES (3-4-3): Jose Sa; Craig Dawson, Maximilian Kilman, Toti Gomes; Nelson Semedo, Mario Lemina, Joao Gomes, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Hwang Hee-chan, Matheus Cunha, Pedro Neto.
WOLVES SUBS: Dan Bentley, Matt Doherty, Santiago Bueno, Boubacar Traore, Fabio Silva, Sasa Kalajdzic, Jonny Otto, Pablo Sarabia, Joe Hodge.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-2-3-1); Ederson; Kyle Walker, Manuel Akanji, Ruben Dias, Nathan Ake; Mateo Kovacic, Matheus Nunes; Phil Foden, Julian Alvarez, Jeremy Doku; Erling Haaland.
MANCHESTER CITY SUBS: Stefan Ortega, Scott Carson, Kalvin Phillips, Jack Grealish, Sergio Gomez, Josko Gvardiol, Oscar Bobb, Rico Lewis.
After rotating for Tuesday's 3-2 cup defeat at Ipswich, O'Neil makes one enforced change to the team that started last week's draw at Luton. Jean-Ricner Bellegarde serves the second game of his three-match ban after being dismissed at Kenilworth Road, so Toti comes in as Wolves switch to a back three. Tommy Doyle is ineligible against his parent club, so Hodge takes his spot on the bench.
City are also missing a midfielder through suspension after Rodri saw red in last week's 2-0 win over Nottingham Forest. Kovacic takes his place in the centre of the park alongside Matheus, who is sure to get a frosty reception on his return to Molineux. In the only other change to the team which beat Forest, Ake replaces Gvardiol at the back, while a series of injuries leave Guardiola unable to fill his bench.
Having done the Premier League double over City in 2019-20 under Nuno Espirito Santo, Wolves have now lost their last six against the Citizens by an aggregate score of 19-3. Is another heavy defeat on the cards for the hosts, or might they spring a surprise? Kick-off is fast approaching in the West Midlands!
Wolves get the game under way at Molineux!
Matheus gets an early touch and Molineux erupts with a chorus of jeers. He will have expected that after refusing to train to force through his deadline-day move to the European champions.
City – donning their white and claret change kit – enjoy an early spell of possession before Akanji tries his luck, flashing an effort over the crossbar from range.
The Wolves fans have not let up in their treatment of Matheus here, with every touch the midfielder takes drawing a fierce reaction from the home crowd.
City have won their last three Premier League away games against Wolves, as many victories as they'd picked up in their previous 12 league visits to Molineux (D2 L7).
Heroic defending from Dawson! Matheus is picked out by Dias' ball over the top and the former Wolves man looks to put it on a plate for Haaland inside the six-yard box. The Norwegian is stretching to tap home, but Dawson gets across him to make a vital intervention.
Just wide! City threaten again as Doku lines up an effort from the left corner of the box, and it deflects narrowly wide of Sa's left-hand post. Wolves are on the ropes early on!
Guardiola is in the stands for this game, have accumulated three yellow cards in the season's early weeks. City coped just fine when back surgery forced their head coach to miss games against Sheffield United and Fulham earlier in the campaign, winning both matches.
Toti's loose pass gifts City possession inside the Wolves half. O'Neil's men are yet to gain anything resembling a foothold here.
Wolves attack for the first time as Cunha offloads to Ait-Nouri, but his left-wing cross is headed away by Dias. The hosts come again through Neto, but Matheus gets back to clear this time.
GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! WOLVES LEAD! Dias puts through his own net! Wow! Neto charges down the wing, beating Ake with ease before sending in a low cross from the right. Dias slides in to make the block and inadvertently diverts the ball past Ederson! 1-0!
Molineux is bouncing now! The hosts have got a huge slice of luck there with Dias putting through his own net, but what a run it was from Neto – his fine start to the campaign continues!
Neto has either scored or assisted in each of Wolves' last four Premier League matches (one goal, four assists in total). Only two players have been involved in at least one goal in five Premier League appearances in a row for Wolves – Henri Camara (March – May 2004, seven) and Steven Fletcher (May – August 2011, five). He won't get any credit for that goal, but it came at the end of a magnificent solo run!
'Nunes, what's the score?' is the chant ringing around Molineux as City probe for an opening. Matheus' appearance as a pantomime villain has really lifted the home crowd.
Walker receives the first yellow card of the game, having pulled Ait-Nouri back to prevent a Wolves break.
Haaland tries to jink his way past two Wolves challenges inside the area, but Toti pokes out a leg to win the ball. Wolves counter through Neto, but his misplaced pass towards Ait-Nouri allows Walker to win a foul off the Wolves left wing-back.
A big cheer goes up as Matheus is grounded by Gomes, who wins a throw-in for the hosts. The City midfielder needs to get acclimatised to this rough treatment.
Doku drives inside from the left before bending an effort towards the far post. There's not enough curl on his finish, however, so Sa can watch it drift behind.
Wolves look content to sit deep in a 5-2-3 shape when City have possession. Neto clearly fancies himself against Ake, rather than against Walker. He's started on the right with Hwang on the left.
Hwang chases Sa's long kick downfield before catching Akanji with a high boot. He becomes the first Wolves player to see yellow.
We're past the 25-minute mark here, and O'Neil will be delighted with Wolves' defensive efforts. City haven't got going in the final third yet. They have a free-kick 25-yards out as Gomes trips Matheus.
BIG SAVE! Alvarez lifts the free-kick towards Ake, whose first header towards goal is blocked by Semedo. It comes back to the City defender, and his second effort is turned away by Sa!
Haaland is able to bring Matheus' pass under his spell on the right side of the Wolves area, but Toti and Ait-Nouri get back to force the Norwegian wide and City have to go backwards.
DANGER! Ait-Nouri is caught in possession by Foden on the edge of the Wolves area. The City man dances to the byline as Sa comes out to meet him, and the Wolves goalkeeper just turns his attempted cutback behind.
City's resulting corner is cleared, but Doku tries again with a delivery from a deep position on the left. Haaland is lurking at the far post, but Sa climbs above him to pluck it out of the air.
Wolves' defenders get a breather as Kilman breaks forward before going down under Ake's lunging challenge, winning a free-kick just inside City's half.
City are continuing to pen Wolves back, but the hosts are getting tight and defending aggressively around the edge of their own area. Ait-Nouri makes a good sliding challenge to prevent Walker receiving possession high on the right.
Semedo almost breaks in behind from a long ball over the top, but Ake slides in to play the ball off his opponent and out, winning a goal-kick.
Hwang turns away from a white shirt before Cunha feeds the ball out to Neto. He drives past Ake on the Wolves right, but this time, Dias clears his cross in a composed manner!
City win a free-kick 35 yards out, which Kovacic works out to Doku on the left. His low delivery is a poor one, however, and Lemina clears it with ease.
Lemina chases Matheus inside the Wolves half before tripping his former midfield partner, picking up a deserved yellow card.
Most of City's attacks have come down their left flank. Doku steps inside to shoot once again, but his wild effort is always rising and Sa is untroubled.
Neto flicks the ball over Ake's shoulder while keeping a long pass in play on the Wolves right, and the Dutch defender catches his opponent in the face with a trailing arm. Wolves are given a free-kick and Neto stays down to receive treatment.
Neto is back up and ready to re-enter the action as Wolves get the game under way again. Dawson wants a foul as he tussles with Walker, but the referee is unmoved.
Neto steals possession from Matheus to get Wolves moving forward. The winger's cross towards Hwang just lacks the necessary power, however, so the attack breaks down. We're into the final minute of the opening half.
We will have three minutes of first-half stoppage time.
BIG CHANCE! The home fans hold their breath as Ake finds Matheus unmarked near the edge of the six-yard box, but his glancing header is straight at Sa!
Wolves threaten as Hwang races down the left-hand channel, before cutting inside and seeing his shot blocked by Dias. Hwang then catches Walker with a late challenge and City's players appeal for the Korean to be shown another yellow card… but Craig Pawson gives him the benefit of the doubt.
CHANCE! City win a late free-kick, which is lifted onto the head of Dias. The City captain is unmarked, but he heads straight at Sa from 12 yards out!
HALF-TIME: WOLVES 1-0 MANCHESTER CITY.
It's half-time at Molineux, and Manchester City's perfect start to the Premier League season is under threat! They trail Wolves 1-0 courtesy of Dias' early own goal, which was forced by a brilliant solo run from in-form winger Neto. City have dominated possession and territory since then, but Sa has been relatively comfortable in making saves to deny Ake, Matheus and Dias. Guardiola will be demanding more from the champions after the break!
Wolves have only managed one shot to City's 13 and are yet to record an attempt on target, but Dias' own goal has given them something to defend! City have only hit the target twice themselves, and they will have to up the tempo of their play to find a way past Wolves' stubborn backline.
Guardiola has made a half-time change, and a huge cheer erupts around Molineux as the home fans realise Matheus has been hooked! Bobb is on for the former Wolves midfielder, who was struggling.
City get the second half under way! Will the champions find a route back at Molineux, as they did at West Ham in their last league outing?
Wolves have made a habit of starting games strongly before running out of stream this season, letting leads slip against Liverpool and Luton in their last two Premier League outings. They got the crowd up for this match by playing with great intensity in the first 45 minutes – can they keep it up?
City win a corner early in the second half as Kilman heads a dangerous cross behind. Foden delivers the set-piece, but Dawson rises to head clear. Bobb then fouls the Wolves defender, giving the hosts a free-kick.
46.3 per cent of the action in the first half came in Wolves' defensive third. They will certainly have plenty more defending to do in the second half.
Dias tries to make amends for his own goal by letting fly from 30 yards out, but his wild shot rises into the south bank behind Sa's goal!
Ake simply can't cope with Neto! The Portugal international races past his marker on the outside before crossing, but no old gold shirts are there to turn it home as Ederson claims it at his near post.
Bobb finds space between the lines to feed Haaland… but a rare miskick from the Norwegian goal machine bobbles into the grateful gloves of Wolves goalkeeper Sa!
Wolves are not happy as Pawson pulls play back for Doku's foul on Hwang, with Ait-Nouri feeling the advantage was with him as he looked to break through the heart of midfield.
Cunha stays down following a clumsy challenge from Dias, but the referee waves play on as City look to break… only for Alvarez to lift a tame 20-yard effort straight into the hands of Sa.
Wolves' fans are absolutely furious as Cunha drives forward brilliantly, carrying the ball 40 yards and beating Kovacic with ease before going down under Dias' challenge. The Brazilian wants a free-kick, but Pawson shakes his head.
Now City break up the other end and win a free-kick as Bobb is fouled by Gomes on the edge of the box. Gomes avoids a booking, but Neto sees yellow for his protests.
GOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! ALVAREZ LEVELS WITH A GREAT STRIKE! Alvarez lines up the free-kick from a position just to left of the D. With Sa slightly too far to his left, the Argentina forward whips an effort into the near top corner! It's 1-1 at Molineux!
Now Kovacic goes into the book for a wild lunge on Gomes. This has been a feisty affair from the first whistle.
The home fans were unhappy to see Cunha denied a free-kick at one end shortly before Bobb was awarded one at the other end. Alvarez made no mistake from the dead-ball situation, and this game is finely poised as we pass the hour mark.
Guardiola has his earphones in as he relays instructions down to the dugout from his position in the directors' box. It looks like Phillips is about to come on for the champions.
Great defending from Toti, who shrugs off Alvarez inside his own area before winning a foul near the corner flag. City goalscorer Alvarez is booked for kicking the ball away.
HUGE CHANCE! Gomes plays a wonderful ball in behind Ake, who has no chance as Neto bursts past him. The winger looks to be in on goal, but Akanji gets across with an outstanding recovery challenge.
City make their second change, with Phillips replacing Kovacic in midfield as the visitors prepare to take a corner from the left.
OFF THE LINE! City's corner is cleared, but Bobb keeps it alive with a deep delivery to the far post. Akanji beats Sa to it and heads towards an unguarded net, but Dawson races back to his line to make a stunning clearance!
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLL! HWANG RESTORES WOLVES' LEAD! Incredible scenes at Molineux as Wolves go 2-1 up! Semedo breaks down the right to cross, with Ake only able to clear as far as Hwang. His shot is charged down, but it bounces to Cunha, who tees the Korean up to slam into an empty net!
Cunha gets the assist, having shown tremendous composure to tee up Hwang when he could have gone for goal himself.
O'Neil introduces Traore in place of the impressive Gomes, as he looks to add more energy to Wolves' midfield.
Molineux is absolutely bouncing as we approach the final 20 minutes of the 90. Foden attempts to flick a pass into Bobb's path, but the tireless Lemina is back to make a crucial interception.
Wolves' forward players have gotten through so much defensive work here. Cunha gets back to win a foul as Phillips goes through the back of the Brazilian, then Hwang recovers possession high on the left to win a throw.
Wolves began this game looking to avoid a third successive Premier League defeat at Molineux in 2023-24, having lost their first three home games of a league campaign on two previous occasions – in 1986-87 and 2021-22. Can they hold firm to not only avoid defeat, but to clinch a famous win?
There's a brief stoppage as Ait-Nouri goes down, potentially with a bout of cramp. Wolves will make a change at left wing-back here.
Doherty comes on for Ait-Nouri.
Doku drives to the byline to win a corner for City. They work an angle for a cross, which Semedo heads away, then Phillips whips a 20-yard effort well wide of the near post.
City work the ball from side to side as they look to prise Wolves' low block open, then Doherty is late on Foden, and the visitors get a free-kick on the right.
Foden lifts the free-kick into the area, but Sa gets off his line to claim it! City are preparing another change here, with Grealish set to enter the fray.
Traore concedes another free-kick, this one in a central position 30 yards from goal. Foden chips it towards the far post, where Ake sends an awkward header over and wide.
That proves to be Ake's last involvement as Grealish replaces him.
City have less than 10 minutes plus stoppage time to keep their unblemished start to the Premier League campaign going. Can they tee up a grandstand finish?
Wolves are struggling to get out here, but City's latest attack is halted by the referee as Hwang goes down near the touchline. Doku tries to roll the Korean off the pitch, and there's some more pushing and shoving as both sets of players get involved.
Doku is booked for his role in the fracas.
Sa is also cautioned, presumably for dissent.
Save! Walker lines up a shot from 25 yards out… but his powerful drive is held by Sa! Haaland was looking to turn it past the Wolves goalkeeper, but he just failed to get a touch at the near post.
Wolves are preparing two more changes, but they will have to wait as City continue to build patiently.
The hosts can make their changes as Neto wins a throw-in on the right. Silva replaces Cunha, who has led the line superbly and assisted Hwang's goal.
Hwang gets a standing ovation as he also makes way. Jonny is on in what is clearly a defensive switch.
Doku has gone over to the right since Grealish came on for City. He jinks inside before attempting a cute pass into the area, but Sa can smother the loose ball.
Semedo does brilliantly to keep pace with Grealish, who overruns the ball to gift Wolves a goal-kick. We're about to find out how much stoppage time will be played...
There will be SIX minutes of additional time at Molineux! Can Wolves hold on?
Jonny and Silva combine to get Wolves moving forwards, and the young striker is fouled by Doku, giving the hosts a chance to eat up some valuable seconds.
Silva is booked for delaying a City restart.
Grealish steps inside before offloading to Phillips on the edge of the box… and his left-footed shot deflects behind for a late City corner…
The corner is cleared out to Doku on the far side. He steps inside before shooting on his left foot… but it deflects into the gloves of Sa!
Kilman and Semedo combine to head a cross clear, then Neto wins a foul off Dias! Wolves are closing in on a huge victory over the champions!
Yellow Card Nélson Cabral Semedo
Yellow Card Jack Peter Grealish
FULL-TIME: WOLVES 2-1 MANCHESTER CITY.
The full-time whistle sounds at Molineux, and Manchester City's perfect start to the Premier League season is over! Wolves hold on for an incredible win over the English and European champions, easing the pressure that was starting to build on O'Neil! Dias' early own goal gave the hosts a lead to defend, but City hit back through Alvarez's stunning free-kick. Guardiola's men would have fancied their chances of victory from there, but Hwang sparked incredible scenes at Molineux when he powered home from close range, and City couldn't find another leveller. What a result!
That result lifts Wolves to 13th in the Premier League table with seven points from as many games. They are four points clear of the relegation zone and face local rivals Aston Villa at Molineux next time out. City drop points for the first time in 2023-24, meaning Liverpool can leapfrog them at the summit if they beat Tottenham later on Saturday!
We hope you've enjoyed our coverage of a huge upset in the Premier League! It's goodbye for now, and we'll catch you next time!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Arsenal and Manchester City at the Emirates Stadium.
Arsenal crushed Bournemouth 4-0 on the road in their last league outing and remain in the hunt at the top of the table. Pep Guardiola's side pipped the Gunners to the Premier League title last season, with this fixture offering Mikel Arteta's men the chance to inflict an early blow in what could be another closely contested fight for the top-flight crown. The hosts were undone in midweek by Lens in a 2-1 Champions League defeat, however.
City were shocked in their last league clash as the reigning English champions – and winners of the treble last season – fell to a surprise 2-1 defeat at Wolves. Guardiola's side responded in midweek with a 3-1 Champions League victory at RB Leipzig. However, Arsenal are unbeaten in the top flight as the first real test of City's latest Premier League title defence awaits.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Martin Odegaard, Jorginho, Declan Rice; Gabriel Jesus, Eddie Nketiah, Leandro Trossard.
SUBSTITUTES: Aaron Ramsdale, Thomas Partey, Emile Smith Rowe, Gabriel Martinelli, Jakub Kiwior, Takehiro Tomiyasu, Fabio Vieira, Reiss Nelson, Kai Havertz.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-2-3-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Ruben Dias, Nathan Ake, Josko Gvardiol; Rico Lewis, Mateo Kovacic; Bernardo Silva, Julian Alvarez, Phil Foden; Erling Haaland.
SUBSTITUTES: Stefan Ortega, Kalvin Phillips, John Stones, Jack Grealish, Jeremy Doku, Sergio Gomez, Manuel Akanji, Matheus Nunes, Oscar Bobb.
Arteta makes three changes from the defeat to Lens. The headline news is that Bukayo Saka will miss a Premier League game for Arsenal for the first time since May 2021, ending an 87-match run of consecutive league appearances, due to injury. Nketiah takes his place, while White and Jorginho come in for Tomiyasu and Havertz, who both drop to the bench. Encouragingly, Martinelli is fit enough to be named as a substitute after recovering from injury.
Guardiola opts for three alterations to his last starting lineup at Leipzig. Akanji is replaced by Ake, while Rodri is still suspended so Kovacic starts alongside Lewis. The other change sees Alvarez get the nod ahead of Grealish, as Foden and Silva partner the Argentina forward in behind talisman Haaland.
Arsenal have lost their last 12 Premier League games against City, scoring just five times and conceding 33 against them in that time. It is their longest-ever losing run against an opponent in their league history. The Gunners are out to amend that poor record, as kick-off is approaching and the players are making their way onto the pitch!
Referee Michael Oliver gets this Premier League clash under way!
Ederson immediately launches long for Haaland, who is guarded away from the steepling ball by Saliba and Gabriel. Raya goes direct from his own goal-kick, and it appears Silva is playing behind Lewis and Kovacic, with Alvarez on the right-hand side rather than through the middle.
Silva continues to keep City's possession-focused play ticking, dropping deep in between the lines to work the ball from one side of the pitch to the other. Guardiola has effectively placed all of his trust in the Portugal international, who has been enlisted to recreate the suspended Rodri's role.
OFF THE LINE AND OVER! A first corner of the game comes on the right flank for City as Zinchenko cannot keep it in play. Foden sends it towards the far post, where Gvardiol volleys towards the bottom-right corner before Rice heads away on the line. The visitors recycle possession as Ake sneaks in behind but he powers over when one-on-one with Raya inside the area.
Ake will still be thinking he could well have done better with that early chance. Saliba recovered to put some pressure on the City centre-back but the Netherlands defender should have at least hit the target with the point-blank opportunity.
Arteta's hosts have rarely had their chance on the ball in the opening stages, although a crunching Jesus sliding tackle gets the home crowd excited. Saliba then does excellently to dispossess Haaland, which only further enthuses the Arsenal supporters.
Trossard launches a diagonal pass to Jesus, who drives infield from the right before winning Arsenal's first corner off Gvardiol. Captain Odegaard whips the delivery towards the near post but Nketiah fails to test Ederson with his attempted flick-on.
Foden powers away from Jorginho down the left-hand side before the Arsenal midfielder drags him down from behind. The Italy international is deservedly shown the first yellow card of the match.
The Gunners have settled slightly but are yet to truly impose any sort of authority on an otherwise quiet opening to this game. Guardiola's visitors are content to work their passes methodically as well, but they come unstuck when Kovacic can only play into the feet of Raya.
Foden waves his arms in the air when Dias' long pass sails harmlessly into the hands of Raya, who rushes out to roll the ball down the left flank. The Gunners' goalkeeper has been quick to intervene any time City look to punish Arsenal in behind.
Haaland – who was involved in four of City's seven league goals against Arsenal last season – has scored in each of his last four Premier League appearances in London. The only player to score five in a row in the capital (for a team outside of London) is Ruud van Nistelrooy, who did so between September 2002 and September 2003. The Norway striker has barely had a touch here so far, though.
CLOSE! Raya almost makes a terrible mistake to gift City the lead. The Arsenal goalkeeper takes an age over a long kick near his own line, smashing the ball into the onrushing Alvarez. Fortunately for the Gunners, the deflection cannons just wide to the right of goal.
Raya appears to have gestured to the home supporters to liven up after his error almost cost the Gunners a heavy price. The Arsenal goalkeeper made a similar mistake in midweek against Lens, so he may have that on his mind.
There is a brief scare for Arteta's side as Walker hoists long over the top for Foden, whose touch goes amiss and Raya speeds out to intervene. The home supporters are starting to get slightly wound up.
Silva hacks Nketiah down with a needless sliding tackle and becomes the first City name in referee Oliver's book.
Raya causes more issues as another poor pass sees Kovacic afforded the chance to dispossess Rice. Arsenal are dancing on a fine tightrope and must be careful when insisting to play out from the back.
Jesus thinks he has powered in behind to the right of goal but the Brazil striker is penalised for a nudge in Foden's back. The Gunners' attacker did not need to make contact with the England international there.
WIDE! Zinchenko clips down the inside left-hand channel for Nketiah as Dias fails to clear. The Arsenal striker dances inside onto his right foot but slashes a curling attempt wide to Ederson's left. A first opportunity goes begging for the hosts.
Kovacic is the next City player to go into the referee’s book after crunching through the back of Odegaard with a poor sliding tackle. The VAR has a check to see if the punishment should be upgraded to a red card, but the officials stick with the on-pitch call.
Kovacic is perhaps slightly fortunate to escape further punishment for a clumsy and overly aggressive smash into Odegaard's ankle. The VAR took some time considering the tackle before concurring with referee Oliver's original on-field decision.
Gvardiol sends Jesus spiralling to the floor after lunging into the Brazil international, who goes down and wins a wide free-kick. Tensions are rising in north London!
Odegaard and Trossard stutter over the free-kick before the former whips it towards the near post. Ederson claims above numerous bodies inside his six-yard area but has to parry down and collect on his second attempt to avoid any mistake.
OVER! Haaland gets involved for a rare instance, bringing down Ederson's long pass before offloading to Alvarez. The Argentina forward unleashes a right-footed drive from outside the area that is always travelling well over Raya's goal.
HOW IS HE NOT OFF? Kovacic lunges into Rice with another late sliding tackle but somehow referee Oliver does not further punish the Croatia midfielder, despite blowing for an Arsenal free-kick. City can feel incredibly fortunate to still have 11 players on the pitch.
Gvardiol concedes a corner on the right-hand side after Jesus battles to win possession off Foden. There's another brief VAR check on the tussle involving the City midfielder, who stayed down holding his face, but the officials are not needed to get involved.
Raya arrows a long pass forward for Jesus, who cuts back a cross towards the edge of the area. However, Trossard takes too long over his attempted shot and City crowd the Arsenal forward away from danger.
Haaland has the perfect opportunity to break away on the counter-attack but falls over as Saliba intervenes near the halfway line to intercept Lewis' throughball. The Norway striker wants a free-kick but referee Oliver is having none of his protests.
City speed forward on a rapid break before Alvarez curls a delightful cross towards the near post. Haaland is waiting for the chance to fall his way before Gabriel lunges in with a well-timed clearance to protect Raya's goal.
Gvardiol races around Foden on the overlap before curling another inviting delivery towards the back post. Raya gets underneath it and cannot claw away a clearance, but Haaland is caught on his heels as Zinchenko turns behind for a corner.
Foden's right-sided corner is cleared by Saliba, who has been fantastic in this first half. Just three minutes plus any additional stoppages remain for either side to strike first before half-time.
Arteta has beaten 23 of the 24 teams he's faced as a manager in the Premier League, failing only against City, losing all seven meetings. The Spaniard would love to get one over his former colleague Guardiola here.
Odegaard creates some promising space to City's right but Nketiah foolishly takes charge and is flagged for offside. The home crowd voice their frustrations as two additional minutes are indicated to end this first half.
Foden and Gabriel exchange words after the former fells the Brazil defender and concedes a free-kick inside Arsenal's half. There is an undercurrent of tension in this game, which may promise a more entertaining second period.
HALF-TIME: ARSENAL 0-0 MANCHESTER CITY
An attritional first half ends as Arsenal and City head into the interval goalless. Gvardiol saw an early chance cleared off the line before Ake powered over when presented with a great opening, but Guardiola's side may feel fortunate to have 11 men on the pitch still. Kovacic escaped a red card for a lunge on Odegaard that was checked by the VAR, before clumsily hacking down Rice moments later when on a yellow card. Referee Oliver did not deem the latter tackle worthy of further punishment, much to the Gunners' frustration.
Nketiah and Haaland have failed to produce any moments of quality up top for their respective sides. Guardiola and Arteta will be keen to find a way to get their strikers into the game in the second half, which will surely improve after a battling opening period. Whether City opt to withdraw Kovacic is another question for the visitors to ponder, too.
Arteta does not hesitate to change things, bringing on the fit-again Martinelli for Trossard at half-time.
Referee Oliver gets the second half under way!
Alvarez again offers Raya a scare as the Argentina forward chases down a clearance and almost makes contact with a sliding block in front of an empty Arsenal goal. Down the other end, Nketiah's touch is poor as Jesus plays a pass inside.
Every Martinelli touch is being greeted by a huge roar from Arsenal supporters as the winger curls a cross narrowly over Jesus at the back post. Walker will have a challenge on his hands down City's right-hand side this half.
CLOSE! Nketiah drives down the left flank before winning a corner, which Martinelli swings towards the six-yard area. Ederson fails to punch away but Jesus can only smash a right-footed first-time effort into Silva at the near post.
SAVE! Martinelli has livened up Arsenal's attacking play as Rice frees the winger into the area on the left of goal. The Brazil forward aims a left-footed drive towards the near post, where Ederson saves the Gunners' first shot on target of the game.
This was the first goalless first half between Arsenal and City in the Premier League since April 2012; a game that the Gunners went on to win with a goal from a familiar face… Mikel Arteta! The Spaniard will be hoping to replicate that feat here, although the Gunners’ manager will not be able to come on and score – that is for sure.
This clash is opening up as Jesus attempts to set Martinelli in behind before Ederson intervenes. Haaland then chases a loose ball before Saliba plays back to Raya. One chance could set this game alight into an end-to-end affair.
Foden offers Jesus a piece of his mind after the Brazil striker stays down following a challenge from behind. At the other end, Lewis bursts through two tackles and slots past Raya, but referee Oliver has already awarded a City free-kick for a nudge from behind by Martinelli.
There appears no real reason but Foden seems incredibly frenetic and aggressive in all of his play. The England international exchanged a few words with Gabriel in the first half, and did similar with Jesus a minute ago. Guardiola will hope his midfielder can channel that energy into scoring past Raya.
Alvarez bundles his way into the area and latches onto a Foden flick before seeing a low right-footed drive blocked by Gabriel in the centre of the box. Haaland then slips as he looks to slide a throughball in for the run of Alvarez.
Should City beat Arsenal, it would be the joint-longest Premier League winning run for a team against an opponent, equalling Manchester United against Wigan Athletic (13 between 2005 and 2011) and City themselves against West Brom (13 between 2012 and 2018).
A prolonged spell of Arsenal possession ends with Jesus slamming a right-footed cross against Ake and out for a corner. The Gunners have penned City back but can they make it count?
City deal with Odegaard's corner towards the near post before Zinchenko launches an ambitious effort well over Ederson's goal and into the stands.
Dias hangs a back-post centre towards Lewis but White stands tall to head behind for a City corner on the left-hand side.
Alvarez whips an inviting corner towards the near post but Raya does well to smash away a right-handed punch. Haaland was lurking just in front of the Arsenal goalkeeper, whose clearance was far more convincing than his first-half performance.
Guardiola takes the chance to make a triple substitution. The impressive Lewis is the first to make way for the fit-again Stones.
Kovacic, who somehow avoided a first-half dismissal, is finally hooked in favour of Nunes.
Doku replaces Alvarez as Guardiola opts for the winger's pace on the right-hand side.
Doku attempts to dance past Zinchenko but the Arsenal left-back stands firm and wins possession with a well-timed tackle. The City winger tries to repeat the trick but his cross is cleared at the near post.
Walker clumsily comes through the back of Martinelli, whose heels are clipped in the process of winning a free-kick near the halfway line. The City right-back is perhaps fortunate to escape a caution for a needless foul.
Martinelli and Walker are holding hands on the left-hand touchline but referee Oliver does not give a decision either way. Odegaard attempts to play through the middle but loses possession as Arteta prepares his next changes to alter this game.
Doku switches flanks and takes the first chance to run at White, who produces a last-ditch sliding block to concede a right-sided corner. Nunes delivers the set-piece but Raya catches well inside his six-yard area.
OVER! Martinelli skips inside the challenges of Walker and Silva before offloading inside to his right. Odegaard cuts in onto his left foot but can only hammer a drive that is always sailing over the top of Ederson's goal.
Arteta makes a triple substitution, the first of which sees Tomiyasu replace Zinchenko.
Nketiah makes way for Havertz.
Jorginho, who did well after his early yellow card, is also brought off for Partey in midfield.
Odegaard swings a right-sided corner towards the near post but Walker clears in front of White. Doku then tracks back to dispossess Rice but Arsenal soon regain possession.
City have faced 11 shots in this match, their most in a Premier League game this season. However, Arsenal have only tested Ederson once through Martinelli. Can the Gunners find another chance, which could snatch a narrow win?
Nunes powers past two Arsenal midfielders and exchanges a one-two with Haaland. The Gunners appear in danger and out of cover before Rice produces a perfect sliding lunge to intercept near the edge of his own area.
Foden looks to combine with Haaland but Rice is again there to intervene, winning a goal-kick for Arsenal after another fine tackle. City are on top heading into the closing stages, although both sides would feel aggrieved to not come away with anything from this game.
Odegaard almost breaks through the City defence before Jesus goes down following Ake's challenge at the near post. Referee Oliver shakes his head and says no penalty, as does the VAR after a quick check of the tackle.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! ARSENAL 1-0! The Emirates erupts as the Gunners fire themselves into a late lead. Partey's long ball is headed down by Tomiyasu to Havertz, who lays the ball off to the edge of the area. Martinelli races forward to curl a right-footed strike that deflects off Ake and slams into the bottom-left corner. Ederson has no chance as the City goalkeeper has already gone the other way, and Arteta's side are ahead!
Brought on from the bench, Havertz has taken his opportunity well. The Germany international offloads a simple pass for Martinelli, whose deflected finish has Arsenal on the brink of a memorable victory.
Arsenal are yet to lose in the Premier League this season (W5 D2), with this their longest unbeaten start to a league campaign since the 2007-08 term, when they were unbeaten in their first 15. However, this result could take things to a new level for Arteta's Gunners.
Raya decides now is the time to go long from the back, and Havertz takes his time when receiving possession on the left-hand side. Arsenal have just a few minutes to see out for a rare victory over City.
There will be four minutes of additional time to end this game... can Arsenal hold on?
Odegaard whips the Arsenal crowd into a frenzy of support after Gvardiol's throughball goes out for a goal-kick when looking for Doku. The Emirates Stadium is rocking as the seconds tick down towards a statement victory.
Ederson clatters into Jesus after the Arsenal striker knocks the ball away to stop City taking a quick free-kick. The City goalkeeper is shown a yellow card for his needless push.
Jesus is also shown a yellow card for wasting time by touching the ball away to stop the restart.
Ake and Dias are forward as Ederson launches long but the ball only finds Raya, who takes his time to pick it up and eats into some more valuable seconds. Arsenal are nearly there.
FULL-TIME: ARSENAL 1-0 MANCHESTER CITY
The Emirates Stadium erupts with a roar of celebration as Arsenal end a 12-game losing run against City in the Premier League with a 1-0 win over their title rivals. Buyako Saka was missing through injury, but it was the fit-again Martinelli who proved the hero. The Gunners winger came on at half-time before his 86th-minute deflected finish, off the unfortunate Ake, was the difference in an attrional clash between two title contenders. Arteta's side have their statement win going into the international break!
Arsenal may need the international break to come back down to earth after inflicting a memorable defeat on City, who have now lost two league games in a row, to go level with north London rivals Tottenham at the Premier League summit – Spurs lead the way on goals scored! The Gunners are at Chelsea next on October 21, when City will look to bounce back at home to Brighton. Guardiola's side trail Tottenham and Arteta's men by two points and must improve next time around.
That is all from this Arsenal victory over City in the Premier League. Until next time, it is goodbye for now!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Brighton and Liverpool.
Brighton have won five of their first seven games in the Premier League this season but were stunned by Aston Villa in their previous match. A hat-trick from Ollie Watkins, an own goal from Pervis Estupinan and strikes from Jacob Ramsey and Douglas Luiz helped Unai Emery’s men to a comfortable 6-1 victory, with the Seagulls losing for just the second time in the top-flight this campaign. Their thrashing at Villa Park ended a three-game winning run. However, they quickly recovered to gain their first-ever point in the Europa League during the week. Joao Pedro netted a late penalty to salvage a 2-2 draw against Ligue 1 outfit Marseille.
Liverpool also come into the game looking to avoid back-to-back defeats in the Premier League after losing 2-1 to Tottenham. Luis Diaz had a goal disallowed, and both Curtis Jones and Diogo Jota were shown red cards in a game full of controversy, with Joel Matip’s 96th-minute own goal handing Spurs the win. Their stoppage time defeat ended their unbeaten start to the new campaign, with Jurgen Klopp’s men collecting 16 points from their opening seven fixtures. Liverpool were also in action in the Europa League and beat Union Saint-Gilloise to stay at the top of Group E.
BRIGHTON (4-2-3-1): Bart Verbruggen; Joel Veltman, Igor Julio, Lewis Dunk, Solly March; Pascal Gross, Carlos Baleba; Simon Adingra, Joao Pedro, Kaoru Mitoma; Evan Ferguson.
BRIGHTON SUBS: Jason Steele, Adam Webster, Mahmoud Dahoud, Billy Gilmour, Adam Lallana, Danny Welbeck, Jan Paul van Hecke, Ansu Fati, Jack Hinshelwood.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Alisson Becker; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Joel Matip, Virgil van Dijk, Andy Robertson; Dominik Szoboszlai, Alexis Mac Allister, Harvey Elliott; Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez, Luis Diaz.
LIVERPOOL SUBS: Adrian, Joe Gomez, Wataru Endo, Ibrahima Konate, Kostas Tsimikas, Ryan Gravenberch, Luke Chambers, Ben Doak, Jarell Quansah.
Brighton make six changes to the side that drew with Marseille in the Europa League. Verbruggen starts in the goalkeeping position, meaning that Steele drops onto the bench. Igor comes in for Van Hecke at centre-back, with Tariq Lamptey out of the squad. March moves down from the wing and into left-back. Baleba takes Dahoud’s place alongside Gross in the midfield. Adingra replaces Fati on the left side of the attack and Ferguson leads the line instead of Welbeck. Lallana is on the bench against his former side, but James Milner is out through injury.
Liverpool make six alterations to the team that beat Union Saint-Gilloise during the week. There are three changes to the defence, with Konate, Quansah and Tsimikas all moving onto the bench. Matip and Van Dijk start at centre-back and Robertson appears at left-back. Elliott is the only player to keep his place in the midfield. Mac Allister and Szoboszlai come into the side, meaning that Endo and Gravenberch miss out. Jota is not in the squad after being sent off against Tottenham, allowing Diaz to return on the left side of the attack.
Brighton won 3-0 against Liverpool in their last Premier League meeting in January – the Seagulls have never beaten the Reds in consecutive league games, with this their 29th such meeting. Both teams are now on the pitch and are ready to get the game started.
Liverpool get this Premier League clash under way. Szoboszlai with the first kick.
Brighton have had most of the possession for the opening couple of minutes of the game. Liverpool are pressing the Seagulls' defence but are allowing Verbruggen to keep the ball when he receives it.
Veltman rushes down the right and gets the wrong side of Diaz before being taken down by the winger. Gross drives a cross into the box that is headed behind by Van Dijk.
Gross plays a low corner into the box that is pulled into a dangerous area by March. Pedro is there, but his shot is blocked. March recovers it inside the box, with his effort deflecting behind.
Gross delivers a high cross into the box that is headed back across by Dunk. The ball bounces around the box before Igor takes a shot that deflects wide.
Liverpool win a free-kick on the left in a wide position, with March fouling Nunez. There are players in the box, but Szoboszlai takes a shot and crashes the wall.
Liverpool were put under pressure in the opening five minutes and had to defend three corners in quick succession. They are slowly building their way into the game and have controlled the ball for the last couple of minutes.
Pedro is down after a coming together with van Dijk off the ball. The referee stops the game momentarily to allow the former Watford man time to get back to his feet.
Liverpool are patient in possession and are pushing everyone into Brighton's half. Alexander-Arnold moves into the middle of the pitch and delivers a long pass across to Robertson on the left, but his header is intercepted.
Brighton keep possession around their defence before Verbruggen launches the ball up the pitch looking for Adingra, who darts inside from the right. Robertson matches his run and heads a pass back to Alisson.
Mac Allister fouls Mitoma on the left and Brighton have a free-kick in a crossing position. March and Gross combine before Baleba curls a pass over to Dunk. He keeps the ball on the pitch and plays the ball into the path of Pedro, but his touch is heavy, giving Liverpool a goal-kick.
Igor has had a quiet start to his Premier League debut in the middle of Brighton's defence. Liverpool have not been able to utilise Nunez, who has had just six touches so far.
GOALLL! ADINGRA SCORES! 1-0 BRIGHTON! Liverpool keep possession in their own third, with Mac Allister caught on the ball by Adingra outside the box. Alisson is off his line and the winger curls a low shot around him and into the net.
Brighton have scored in each of their last 24 games in the Premier League, the longest ongoing run in the division.
Robertson curls an inviting corner into the heart of the box searching for Matip, but Dunk gets across to head it away.
Liverpool combine quickly outside the box, with Elliott finding Salah on the right. He has a defender ahead of him and curls a shot well wide of the target.
Salah receives possession in the middle of Brighton's box and has Nunez making a run around a defender to the right of him. The winger decides to shoot, with Igor blocking his effort with his head.
Gross wins a corner after his shot deflects wide of the post. He goes over and takes the corner on the left and plays a quick one-two with Mitoma. March chips a cross into the box that is headed behind by Alexander-Arnold.
Dunk displays some quick feet to get past a couple of Liverpool players before poking a pass into Pedro. He then curls a pass down the right to Adingra, who has space ahead of him. He moves inside before sliding a throughball down the right side of the box to Mitoma, but the winger loses his footing.
WIDE! Baleba recovers a loose pass in Brighton's half and drives through the heart of the pitch. He shuffles the ball past Alexander-Arnold on the edge of Liverpool's box before dragging a shot just wide of the post.
Only Luton and Sheffield United (seven times each) have conceded the first goal in more Premier League games this season than Liverpool (five). The Reds have not created many chances since going behind, with Brighton controlling possession. Nunez, Salah and Diaz have not been able to combine in the attack.
Salah and Elliott attempt to combine with a quick one-two on the edge of the box, but Gross makes a vital interception. The Germany international clears it away and urges his team-mates to get forward.
Baleba gives away possession inside their defensive third and Mac Allister pokes a pass into Nunez. Liverpool play the ball quickly around the edge of the box before Szoboszlai's throughball into Salah is intercepted by Igor.
Dunk and March are over a free-kick on the edge of Liverpool's box. The former takes, with his effort slamming against the wall. Brighton keep possession and Adingra has the ball on the right, but his cross goes straight out for a goal-kick.
GOALL! SALAH SCORES! 1-1! Liverpool are back in the game. Szoboszlai collects possession on the halfway line and sends a pass into Diaz, who rolls past a defender before feeding it to Nunez. He switches it from left to right into Salah. He has time and blasts his strike past Verbruggen.
Nunez is composed on the left and slots a perfect pass into Salah. Elliott is there, but he allows it to roll to the winger, who finishes the chance well.
Salah has now scored seven goals in 13 appearances in the Premier League against Brighton.
PENALTY LIVERPOOL! Verbruggen plays a poor pass inside the box and Szoboszlai puts Gross under pressure. The Brighton man pulls him down and gives away a penalty. There is a short VAR check, but the penalty stands.
GOALLL! SALAH SCORES AGAIN! 2-1 LIVERPOOL! Salah has a long time to wait before taking the penalty after a VAR check. He curls his shot down the left side of the goal, beating Verbruggen, who goes the right way.
There will be three minutes of additional time.
Liverpool struggled to get into the game for most of the half but have struck twice with two late goals. Brighton gave them possession on both occasions and have paid the price for loose passes out of the defence.
HALF-TIME: BRIGHTON 1-2 LIVERPOOL
Salah scored twice to help Liverpool come from behind to lead at half-time. Brighton controlled the game for most of the first 45 minutes and broke the deadlock through Adingra. The winger caught Mac Allister unaware and curled his low effort around Alisson. Baleba drove through the middle of the pitch and dragged a shot wide before the Reds struck twice. Szoboszlai, Diaz and Nunez combined with some quick passing before the latter of the three switched the ball over to Salah on the right side of the box, who slotted his effort past Verbruggen. The Brighton goalkeeper then had a hand in Liverpool's second goal. His poor pass into Gross allowed Szoboszlai to put him under pressure, with the midfielder pulling him down in the box. Salah took the penalty and curled his effort into the bottom left corner.
Brighton were the better side for most of the half and frustrated Liverpool, but they only had a few chances to score. They had plenty of the ball but struggled to do anything with it, allowing Liverpool to get back into the game. As for the Reds, their patience has allowed them to lead the game. They have pressed at the right moments and have been clinical in the attack. Klopp's men have made the most of a couple of loose passes out of Brighton's defence and have been clinical.
Liverpool make a change before the restart. There is a straight swap in the midfielder, with Elliott coming off for Gravenberch, who scored in the Europa League in the last match.
Brighton get the ball rolling again. The Seagulls did not make a substitution.
Nunez rushes down the middle of the pitch before offloading a pass down the right to Salah. He cuts inside and looks to return the ball to the striker. It deflects away from his path, but Nunez recovers it before having a shot blocked.
SAVE! Adingra has been electic on the right for Brighton and does well to get on the end of a switch of play. He moves into the box and cuts inside past Robertson before having a shot blocked by Alisson.
The ball drops to Pedro on the edge of Liverpool's box, who looks to shoot before playing a pass across to Ferguson. The striker attempts to curl a shot around Van Dijk and into the top corner, but it goes wide of the target.
BAR! Liverpool should have their third goal of the game. The Reds move through the pitch quickly, with Nunez supplying a perfect throughball down the right side of the box to Szoboszlai. He has the chance to shoot, but plays it across to Gravenberch, who hits the bar from close range.
Brighton have started the half slowly and will have to provide a special performance if they want to claim all three points. Liverpool are unbeaten in their last 126 Premier League matches when leading at half-time (winning 116 and drawing 10) dating back to 4th December 2016 against Bournemouth (losing 3-4).
Gross slides a pass down the left to March, who chips a cross into the heart of the box. Robertson is there and he heads the ball away.
Salah has the ball on the right and feeds a pass inside to Szoboszlai, who looks to return possession to the winger with a curling ball down the flank. He drives towards it and wants to move into the box, but March tracks his run all the way and forces him back.
Brighton make a straight swap in the attack. Ferguson has had a quiet game and is now coming off. Welbeck replaces him up front.
Alexander-Arnold has not threatened in the attacking areas in this game but makes a surging run into Brighton's half. He attempts to thread a throughball into Salah, but it is away from the winger and Verbruggen has it.
Brighton are forced into a change with Igor coming off with an injury. He is replaced by Van Hecke at centre-back.
SAVE! Szoboszlai has been excellent on the ball and shows his quality with a pass into the feet of Gravenberch. The midfielder turns past Dunk before unleashing a tame shot that is saved by Verbruggen.
Brighton play the ball around quickly inside their own half before Gross sends a searching ball over the top of Liverpool's defence towards Mitoma. He looks to have gotten away from Alexander-Arnold, but the right-back stretches to get his foot across and make a crucial interception.
Szoboszlai is shown a yellow card after a heavy tackle on March.
CHANCE! Szoboszlai strolls forward with possession and has a host of options ahead of him. The Nunez and Salah are there, but he slides a pass down the left to Diaz, who is in space. The winger touches the ball out of his feet before blasting a shot wide.
PENALTY SHOUT! Brighton want a penalty. Pedro gets past Matip and pokes a pass into Mitoma. He takes a shot from close range that hits the arm of Van Dijk, but nothing is given. De Zerbi is shown a yellow card for his outburst in frustration.
Brighton have won five of their seven Premier League games this season (losing two); they did, however, lose 6-1 at Aston Villa last time out (the first time they’d conceded 6+ goals in a league game since April 2012 vs West Ham). The Seagulls haven’t lost back-to-back Premier League games since October last season (v Tottenham and Brentford). They have not been able to create many attacking opportunities since the restart, with Liverpool taking complete control of the game.
Liverpool make a change at centre-back. Konate comes on for Matip.
Robertson finds Nunez with a cross from the left, but his header goes well off target.
Mitoma gives away possession and Szoboszlai recovers it just inside Liverpool's half. He attempts to start a quick attack and curls a first-time pass down the right towards Alexander-Arnold, but he sends it straight out for a throw-in.
Konate is clumsy on the edge of the box and barges over March. Brighton have a chance to put the ball in the box.
GOALLLL! DUNK SCORES! 2-2! Brighton have a goal against the run of play. March flashes a free-kick across the box, with Roberton pulling away from the ball instead of clearing it. Dunk is there and he crashes his effort into the net.
March won the free-kick and puts in a fantastic cross. Alisson cannot come from it and Robertson is concerned about scoring an own goal, allowing Dunk to attack it. The centre-back finds the bottom corner with his finish.
Liverpool make a change on the right side of their defence. Gomez replaces Alexander-Arnold.
March is over a free-kick on the left in the same place that he provided an assist for Dunk's equaliser. Gross is to the left and he blasts his shot against Salah, who is the only man in the wall.
OVER! What a chance for Brighton to take the lead. Adingra rolls past a defender on the right and puts a low cross into the box. The ball deflects off Van Dijk and goes straight into the path of Pedro, who fires well over.
Gomez goes into the book soon after coming on. Mitoma is too quick for the defender, with the Japan international touching it past him before being pulled to the floor.
Gross and March are over a free-kick, with the latter chipping a cross down the right side of the box. Welbeck attempts to pull the ball across, but it bounces behind.
Robertson has the ball on the left and pulls a pass back to Diaz. He cuts inside outside the box before curling a shot across the goal and well over.
Brighton make a switch in their attack. Fati is given a chance to make an impression, with Pedro going off.
There will be four minutes of additional time.
Liverpool keep possession well and hold onto it for a couple of minutes. Nunez slides a pass down the right to Salah, who looks to beat March before being tackled by the makeshift left-back.
The game is stopped with Baleba on the floor. However, he quickly gets back on his feet. There is just over one minute left to play.
Baleba goes into the book after pulling back Gravenberch, who was looking to break away.
FULL-TIME: BRIGHTON 2-2 LIVERPOOL
Salah scored twice in the first half, but Liverpool were denied a win against Brighton after a late goal from Dunk. Adingra gave the Seagulls the lead after catching Mac Allister cold and curling a low shot around Alisson. The hosts controlled the half before Salah struck a brace. The winger calmly slotted a shot into the bottom corner to level the score, adding his second from the penalty spot. Gross pulled Szoboszlai to the floor inside the box, with Salah despatching the spot-kick past Verbruggen. Gravenberch came on at half-time and crashed the bar from close range before shooting straight at the goalkeeper. Brighton stayed in the game and netted their second through Dunk. The centre-back got onto the end of March's free-kick and buried his strike into the net. Pedro had the chance to bag the winner but blasted his effort well over from inside the box.
Brighton are behind Villa on goal difference in the Premier League after collecting a point against Liverpool. They travel to Manchester City after the international break. As for the Reds, they move into third position. Klopp's side host Everton in their next league match.
That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Burnley and Chelsea at Turf Moor.
Burnley beat Luton Town in their previous Premier League match to secure their first top-flight win since gaining promotion from the Championship. Elijah Adebayo scored in the 84th minute to cancel out Lyle Foster’s opener, only for Jacob Bruun Larsen to curl in a superb winner 65 seconds later. Vincent Kompany’s men had lost five of their six games before their away victory, with their only point coming in a 1-1 draw against Nottingham Forest. Burnley will be looking to secure back-to-back wins but must improve their form at Turf Moor. They have been defeated in all four of their home games this season; only four teams in top-flight history have ever lost their first five on home soil in a single campaign – Manchester United in 1930-31, Portsmouth in 2009-10, Bolton Wanderers in 2011-12 and Newcastle United in 2018-19.
Chelsea have had an indifferent start to the campaign under new manager Mauricio Pochettino and are currently 11th in the Premier League with eight points in their seven matches. The Blues ended their three-game winless run with a comfortable 2-0 win over Fulham in their last game, with their only other triumph in the top-flight coming against newly promoted Luton. They will be focusing on securing a place in European football next season but are currently five points behind West Ham, who are in seventh position. However, Chelsea will be confident that they can secure another win against Burnley as they have been victorious in seven of their last eight fixtures at Turf Moor, drawing the other one. No team has played more away games against an opponent in the competition without losing.
BURNLEY (4-3-3): James Trafford; Vitinho, Ameen Al Dakhil, Hannes Delcroix, Charlie Taylor; Sander Berge, Josh Cullen, Josh Brownhill; Wilson Odobert, Lyle Foster, Mike Tresor.
BURNLEY SUBS: Arijanet Muric, Dara O’Shea, Jack Cork, Jay Rodriguez, Connor Roberts, Aaron Ramsey, Zeki Amdouni, Luca Koleosho, Jacob Bruun Larsen.
CHELSEA (4-3-3): Robert Sanchez; Marc Cucurella, Axel Disasi, Thiago Silva, Levi Colwill; Conor Gallagher, Moises Caicedo, Enzo Fernandez; Cole Palmer, Armando Broja, Raheem Sterling.
CHELSEA SUBS: Djordje Petrovic, Mykhailo Mudryk, Noni Madueke, Nicolas Jackson, Lesley Ugochukwu, Carney Chukwuemeka, Ian Maatsen, Alfie Gilchrist, Alex Matos.
Burnley make four changes to the side that beat Luton during the week. Jordan Beyer misses out through injury and is replaced at centre-back by Delcroix. Vitinho comes in at right-back and takes the place of Roberts. Tresor and Odobert start in the Premier League for the first time and appear on the wings, with Koleosho and Amdouni dropping into the bench.
Chelsea make one alteration to the team that beat Fulham in their last match. Mudryk scored against the Cottagers but is replaced by Sterling. Jackson is back in the squad after his suspension for accumulating five yellow cards.
Burnley manager Kompany could become the fourth manager to lose his first five Premier League home games in charge, after Mick McCarthy in 2003, Terry Connor in 2012 and Chris Ramsey in 2015. Kompany would be the first to do so from the start of a campaign. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get the game started.
Chelsea get this Premier League clash under way. Broja with the first pass of the game.
Sterling darts down the left and wins an early corner. However, Gallagher's inswinging cross is cleared out of the box. Palmer keeps the ball on the pitch, but he is tackled and Burnley have possession.
Chelsea attack down the left again. Sterling bursts forward with possession before sliding a pass into the path of Colwill, who overlaps him. He is put under pressure by Vitinho and gets a cross into the box, but it comes to nothing.
Palmer drops deep to receive the ball in the middle of the pitch before curling a pass down the left to Colwill. He attempts to flash a low cross into the box, but Vitinho makes a crucial interception. The ball spins off him and bounces back to Trafford.
Burnley are not putting Chelsea's defence under any pressure and are letting them pass the ball from side to side. Disasi looks up and spots the run of Sterling, who rushes behind Burnley defence, but the winger is unable to get it under control.
Palmer shows quick feet to roll past Odobert and move into space outside the box. He attempts to curl a shot across the goal and into the top corner, but his effort goes well over the target.
Palmer has been given a free role in this Chelsea side and appears on the right this time. He switches the ball over to the right, with Sterling controlling it well outside the box. He beats Vitinho, but Tresor gets his body across to win possession.
WIDE! Chelsea are the first team to go close. Sterling collects the ball on the left and darts inside, dribbling past Vitinho. The former Manchester City man then whips a low shot just around the post.
GOALLLL! 1-0 BURNLEY! The hosts have been behind the ball for most of the game but score with their first shot. Foster receives possession on the left and moves inside of Disasi and into the box. He is put under pressure by Silva, but is able to slide a pass across to Odobert. He takes one touch before driving his shot across the goal and into the bottom corner.
Foster moved forward with possession but slowed his run down to allow other players to get forward. He dribbles through Silva and Disasi before finding Odobert, who finishes with composure.
Chelsea have failed to win in their last 19 matches when conceding the opening goal in the Premier League dating back to 1st October 2022 against Crystal Palace.
There has not been a lot of action since Burnley netted the opener. Sterling has made a couple of surging runs down the left, but nothing has come from it. The away side are trying to target Vitinho.
CHANCE! Odobert moves down the left with the ball and cuts inside before clipping a cross into the heart of the box. Tresor gets there ahead of Colwill, but he is unable to direct his effort towards the goal.
Burnley are playing their natural game and are not rushing in possession. They are allowing Chelsea to put them under pressure and are releasing the ball in the final moment before getting tackled.
Fernandez has the ball in the middle of the pitch and tries to chip a pass into the path of Palmer, who rushes inside from the right to try and get onto the end of it. However, Taylor gets across to shield it, allowing Trafford to come out and claim.
Cucurella is shown the first yellow card of the game for a swipe on Odobert, who jumped over his challenge before going to the floor.
Fernandez goes into the book a few seconds later after complaining about the decision. He is still talking to the referee alongside Gallagher.
Fernandez played a lot of simple passes in the early stages of the game but is now attempting to go for a more direct approach. However, the Burnley defence are doing well to deal with the danger and are not allowing Sterling or Palmer to receive it.
Cullen is the first Burnley player to be given a yellow card after pulling Sterling's shirt.
TACKLE! What a challenge from Cullen inside the box. Gallagher has the ball on the right and chips a cross into the box. It goes over the head of Broja but straight to Fernandez, who is unmarked. He takes a touch before Cullen slides across to concede a corner.
Delcroix gives the ball straight to Chelsea inside Burnley's half, with the away side wasting an immediate chance to pounce before recycling possession. Fernandez has it on the right and curls a cross towards Sterling, who tries to get on the end of it. However, Cullen is there and he helps it back to Trafford.
SAVE! Good stop from Trafford. Cucurella, Fernandez and Caicedo combine with some quick passing before the latter of the three sends a pass down the left to Sterling. he drives into the box before blasting a low shot straight at Trafford.
Odobert is shown a yellow card. That's the fourth booking of the half.
Burnley have been behind the ball for most of the half but have looked strong defensively. Their rigid structure has stopped Chelsea from creating many clear chances, with the hosts heading away the majority of their crosses.
OWN GOAL! 1-1! Chelsea score a fortunate equaliser. Sterling receives possession on the left and drives towards the byline before blasting a cross into a dangerous area. The ball hits Al Dakhil and loops over Trafford before going in.
Burnley have conceded four goals in the last 15 minutes of the first half, no team has conceded more in the Premier League this season.
Chelsea are patient with possession outside the box. Sterling then looks to chip a pass over the top of Burnley's defence and into the path of Broja, but he puts too much on it.
There will be three minutes of additional time. Chelsea have momentum in this game after scoring.
Silva is the third Chelsea player to be shown a yellow card after blocking the path of a Vitinho, who was breaking forward.
HALF-TIME: BURNLEY 1-1 CHELSEA
Burnley scored with their only shot on target of the half but are heading into the break level with Chelsea after an own goal from Al Dakhil. The Blues dominated possession across the half but only had a couple of clear opportunities. Sterling whipped a shot just wide of the post before the hosts broke the deadlock. Foster dribbled through the middle of Silva and Disasi before finding Odobert inside the box. He drove his shot across the goal and into the bottom corner. Fernandez was denied a scoring chance after a phenomenal tackle from Cullen before Chelsea netted an equaliser. Sterling dribbled down the left and approached the byline before cutting a cross into the box, with the ball deflecting off Al Dakhil and into the net.
Burnley showed defensive resilience before the break and are slightly unfortunate not to be leading. They defended their box brilliantly and stopped Chelsea from getting shots away from good positions. The Blues' only attempt on target came from Sterling, whose attempt from a narrow angle was never beating Trafford. They countered clinically but have not provided an attacking threat since scoring the opener. As for the away side, they have tried their best to remain patient. They have controlled possession and have shown flashes of quality but have not put Burnley under pressure enough. Sterling has been one of their best players and has constantly looked to beat Vitinho.
Broja struggled to get into the game before the break and is now coming off. Jackson takes his place in the attack.
Al Dakhil scored the own goal that got Chelsea back into the game. He is coming off for O'Shea at centre-back.
Burnley get the ball rolling again.
PENALTY CHELSEA! Sterling isolates Vitinho on the left and pushes the ball past him before bursting around the defender. The right-back makes a late slide tackle and takes him down. There is a quick VAR check to make sure the tackle was made inside the box.
GOALLL! PALMER SCORES! 2-1 CHELSEA! What a start to the half for Chelsea. Summer signing Palmer takes responsibility from the spot and rolls his effort down the right side of the goal. Trafford dives the other way.
Burnley have started the half poorly. They have given possession away on several occasions in their own defensive third and are putting themselves under a lot of early pressure.
SAVE! Burnley have had the ball for the last couple of minutes. Odobert rushes inside from the left and brushes away a defender before curling a shot towards the goal. It goes straight down the middle but it is dipping, forcing Sanchez to push it over.
Palmer receives possession on the right just past the halfway line and curls a pass down the wing towards Gallagher. The captain heads it past Delcroix and gets past the defender before the Burnley man makes a fantastic recovery tackle.
WHAT A MOVE! Chelsea go close to scoring again. The Blues win possession in Burnley's defensive third, with Sterling rushing inside before finding Jackson in the box. The striker delivers a clever flick back to Fernandez, who shoots straight at Trafford.
Chelsea are looking to win consecutive Premier League games for the first time since March, while they last won back-to-back away league games in October last season.
Kompany has seen enough and has decided to make three changes to try and change the outcome of the game. Vitinho has struggled against Sterling and is now being replaced by Roberts.
Tresor has had a quiet game in Burnley's attack. He is comes off for Koleosho.
There is also a straight swap in the midfield. Ramsey replaces Cullen.
Palmer has been impressive in this game and scored the goal to put Chelsea in front, but has a moment to forget as he dribbles the ball straight off the pitch. The home fans enjoyed that.
GOALLL! STERLING SCORES! 3-1 CHELSEA! Sterling was vital in the Blues' first two goals and now has one to his name. Caicedo wins possession just inside Burnley's half and plays a pass into the feet of Gallagher. He rushes forward before sliding a throughball into Sterling, who finishes clinically. There was a VAR check for offside, but the goal stands.
Gallagher has Jackson ahead of him but picks Sterling to his left, with the winger in plenty of space inside the box. He is composed and blasts his shot into the corner.
Burnley have won just one of their 16 Premier League matches against Chelsea (drawing four and losing 11), a 3-2 away win in August 2017 when the Blues were reigning champions.
Chelsea have controlled the game since taking the lead and deserved their third goal. They have progressed through the pitch with pace and have made the most of the space that Burnley have left.
Gallagher drifts out to the right before feeding a pass into Palmer, who is just inside the box. He attempts to poke a pass through to Jackson, but Delcroix gets across to make a tackle.
Burnley are struggling to get out of their own half and after spells of possession, they clear the ball up the pitch when put under pressure down the wings.
Caicedo tries to control the ball under no pressure inside Chelsea's half, but it gets away from the midfielder. He then boots it away in frustration and is shown a yellow card.
GOALLL! JACKSON SCORES! 4-1 CHELSEA! What a goal from Jackson. Sterling holds off a defender before rolling past him. He bursts down the left and flashes a cross into the box that is recovered by Palmer. He plays it back across to Jackson, who turns past O'Shea and fires a low shot into the net.
Palmer adds an assist to his name after scoring. He waits for the right moment to find Jackson in the middle of the box after deciding against shooting. The striker has a defender ahead of him but shows skill to get past him to score.
Having won five and drawn two of his first seven Premier League meetings with Burnley, Chelsea boss Mauricio Pochettino lost his last game against the Clarets, going down 2-1 with Spurs in February 2019. However, the Argentine has won 85.4 per cent of his Premier League games against promoted sides (35/41), the highest ratio of any manager to take charge of at least 10 such matches. He is about to add another win onto his record.
BLOCK! Koleosho twists onto his left foot on the right flank and chips a pass across to Odobert on the edge. His first-time effort is goal-bound, but it gets blocked.
Odobert scored the opener and has shown flashes of quality, but is now coming off. Larsen takes his place.
Roberts launches a throw-in into the middle of the box. It bounces around before Disasi clears it away.
Koleosho has the ball on the edge of the box and unleashes a dipping effort that bounces just ahead of Sanchez. He cannot collect it and lets it hit him, with the ball going behind.
Sterling won a penalty and scored Chelsea's third goal of the game. He is given a warm reception on his way off by the away fans, with Mudryk now on.
Palmer tries to get the better of Delcroix down the right, but the centre-back matches his run. The ball rolls back to Trafford and the winger goes down.
Palmer comes off after an eclectic performance on the wing. Maatsen is on against his former side and is applauded by parts of Turf Moor.
Mudryk displays his pace with a fast run down the left. He gets towards the byline and has a chance to flash a cross into the path of Maatsen on the other side but cuts it back to Jackson in the middle. His touch is poor and his flick back to Fernandez is intercepted.
There will be seven minutes of additional time. Burnley have started to commit a couple of fouls in frustration.
The tempo of the game has lowered since Chelsea netted their fourth goal of the game. Larsen gets onto the end of a long ball forward and is beyond Cucurella, but his touch is poor, allowing the left-back to get back.
OVER! Brownhill has the ball on the edge of Chelsea's box and pokes a pass around Fernandez. Foster collects it and shoots just over the bar.
Foster has made a couple of good runs in the last couple of minutes but has not been found by his team-mates. He sticks his thumbs up after one of the balls through to him escapes his control, with Sanchez coming off his line to gain possession.
FULL-TIME: BURNLEY 1-4 CHELSEA
Chelsea scored three second-half goals to come from behind and beat Burnley at Turf Moor. Sterling curled a low shot from outside the box just wide of the post before Burnley netted the opener. Foster dribbled through Silva and Disasi, with the striker passing the ball across the box to Odobert, who drove his shot into the bottom corner. Sterling blasted an effort at Trafford before playing a crucial role in the Blues' comeback. The winger dribbled towards the byline and put a cross into the box that deflected off Al Dakhil and over Trafford to level the score. Sterling was causing havoc down the left and won a penalty after being fouled by Vitinho. Palmer took responsibility and rolled his spot-kick down the right side of the goal. Fernandez curled a shot into the gloves of the goalkeeper before Sterling bagged Chelsea's third. He got onto the end of Gallagher's throughball and finished the chance with composure. Jackson completed the route on his return after suspension, turning past O'Shea before firing his strike into the net. Foster looked to net a consolation in stoppage time, but he struck his effort just over.
Burnley have been defeated in their first five games at Turf Moor in the Premier League this season. They travel to Brentford after the international break. Chelsea have won their last two games in the league after securing just one victory in their first six outings. They host Arsenal in their next match before games against Brentford, Tottenham, Manchester City and Newcastle United in the top-flight.
That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League clash between Crystal Palace and Nottingham Forest at Selhurst Park!
Following an impressive win at Old Trafford last week, when Crystal Palace consigned Manchester United to a 1-0 defeat, the south London club have picked up seven of their 11 points away from home this season. That haul leaves the Eagles three ahead of today's visitors Nottingham Forest in the table, but they have yet to beat the East Midlands side in six previous Premier League meetings.
Nottingham Forest are aiming to end a three-game winless run ahead of the upcoming international break, having accrued two points from 1-1 home draws against Burnley and Brentford either side of a 2-0 loss at Manchester City. Back on the road today, Steve Cooper's side have picked up only five points from the last 42 available away from home, dating back to January. Nonetheless, Forest arrive at Selhurst Park having not lost there on any of their last six visits.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-3-3): Sam Johnstone; Nathaniel Clyne, Joachim Andersen, Marc Guehi, Tyrick Mitchell; Will Hughes, Jairo Riedewald, Jeffrey Schlupp; Jordan Ayew, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Odsonne Edouard.
SUBS: Remi Matthews, Jadan Raymond, James Tomkins, Ademola Ola-Adebomi, Rob Holding, Chris Richards, Malcolm Ebiowei, David Ozoh, Jesuran Rak-Sakyi.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-3-2-1): Matt Turner; Serge Aurier, Willy Boly, Murillo, Harry Toffolo; Ibrahim Sangare, Orel Mangala, Nicolas Dominguez; Morgan Gibbs-White, Callum Hudson-Odoi; Chris Wood.
SUBS: Odisseas Vlachodimos, Divock Origi, Ryan Yates, Joe Worrall, Neco Williams, Gonzalo Montiel, Cheikhou Kouyate, Anthony Elanga, Andrey Santos.
Compared to the side that started last week's win over United, Crystal Palace make three changes as Joel Ward, Eberechi Eze and Cheick Doucoure drop out, while Clyne, Riedewald and Edouard all come into the lineup. Eze joins Michael Olise, Jefferson Lerma and former Forest 'keeper Dean Henderson on a lengthy injury list for the home side, but Edouard starts up front after overcoming a hamstring problem.
Forest also make three changes, as Moussa Niakhate, Taiwo Awoniyi and Elanga make way for Toffolo, Wood and Gibbs-White. Awoniyi, Danilo and Wayne Hennessey are the visitors' main injury absentees, while Niakhite serves a one-match ban following his red card last weekend.
The players are out on the pitch at Selhurst Park, and kick-off is now just moments away!
Palace kick off, and we are under way in London!
Both sides are taking time to settle into the game, as Palace stroke the ball about in midfield and Nottingham Forest sit back in a well-defined defensive shape.
Ahead of this game, Crystal Palace have lost only two of their last 13 home fixtures in the Premier League - against Manchester City and Arsenal - so Forest could have their work cut out to come away with three points.
It's the home side who are dominating possession at the moment, albeit without creating any openings as yet. Forest have packed the central area and seem happy to defend for sustained spells if required.
From out on the left, where the French forward has started this game, Edouard slings over a no-look cross. However, it sails over Turner's crossbar and out of play for a goal-kick.
Today marks Roy Hodgson's 400th Premier League match as a manager, becoming only the eighth man to reach such a milestone. Can his team celebrate the occasion in style?
Riedewald's corner from the left is delivered into the six-yard box, but no Palace player can make contact on the ball before Andersen commits a foul on Gibbs-White and concedes a free-kick.
A relatively tame opening to the game continues, but Aurier at least forces Crystal Palace to concede a corner by tossing the ball in from the right - Andersen heads it behind.
SAVE! Johnstone drops down to palm away Toffolo's stinging low effort! The Forest full-back let fly from more than 25 yards out, but his low drive was placed too centrally, allowing the Palace goalkeeper to complete a smart save.
Aurier's latest delivery from the right touchline is more wayward than his last - or is perhaps an ambitious shot - and Forest's captain only picks out the waiting gloves of Johnstone inside the six-yard box.
Mitchell makes contact on the ball with his hand, prompting Gibbs-White to appeal for a penalty. However, it had already deflected off his knee beforehand, and there was little the Palace defender could do about it. The referee is not interested.
OFF THE POST! Cushioning a volley towards goal following Murillo's brilliant ball up from the back, Gibbs-White sees his effort bounce back off the left-hand post! He'd lobbed Johnstone, but the goalkeeper can turn around and then collect the follow-up before breathing a sigh of relief! Palace survive a real scare!
Forest continue to improve: Sangare tees up Mangala on the edge of the box, but the latter's shot is wild and spins well over the target.
Cooper may be forced into an early change here, as his captain Aurier seems to be struggling with a muscular injury. As the action is paused, the full-back discusses his problem with Nottingham Forest's medical team.
While Aurier opts to stay on the pitch for now, Palace must make an enforced substitution. Hodgson sends on Rak-Sakyi for the injured Schlupp.
Since the game resumed following injury issues for Aurier and Schlupp, neither side has grabbed it by the scruff of the neck. After a bright enough start, Palace will be disappointed not to have recorded a single shot at goal yet.
Another Murillo ball up from the back picks out Gibbs-White once again, but this time, on the left side of the area, he can't quite bring the ball under his spell; Andersen nips in to extinguish the danger.
Palace hesitate on the counter-attack, allowing to Forest to get back in numbers. Nonetheless, Andersen then picks the ball up outside the box and finds Ayew in space, but the latter fails to control a volleyed effort and sends it off-target.
The hosts are taking a little more initiative now, having become quite passive since nearly being undone by Gibbs-White earlier on. Still without their most integral creative players, though, they are short of inspiration.
First Murillo and then Boly are required to make interventions inside their own box, following a dangerous ball in from the right by substitute Rak-Sakyi.
Aurier's looping cross from out wide on the right sails straight towards Johnstone near the Palace 'keeper's line. Dominguez had no chance of reaching that.
Again making progress down the wing, Rak-Sakyi earns Palace a corner on the right. However, Riedewald's subsequent set-piece is eventually cleared away by the deep-lying Forest defence.
Rak-Sakyi picks the ball up again, to a roar of appreciation from the Selhurst Park faithful. Although the young winger gets a shot off from 15 yards out, he sees it charged down by Toffolo.
Crystal Palace are bossing the ball now, with Forest apparently content to sit back and defend until half-time - they've got plenty of potential on the break, so can afford to absorb a little pressure from their hosts.
In the first of at least three minutes added on for stoppages, Gibbs-White threatens to counter at pace but finds his route down the right blocked by two covering defenders. Forest work it back inside, but their momentum is lost.
SAVE! Johnstone denies Murillo a brilliant solo goal! The Brazilian defender surges up from the back, skips past weak challenges from Hughes and Riedewald, then jinks inside Guehi and lashes a shot goalwards. The Palace 'keeper manages to palm it away!
HALF-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 0-0 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
A half in which the home side have failed to force a single shot on target was short on entertainment, with the only two moments of magic involving the unlikely figure of Murillo, providing some sorely needed inspiration. While Crystal Palace have offered their fans a tepid performance thus far, Nottingham Forest twice came close to taking the lead, once via Murillo's throughball for a Gibbs-White lob that struck the post, then his surging run ended with him being denied by Johnstone. It remains all-square at the break!
Crystal Palace have never beaten Nottingham Forest in the Premier League in six previous attempts, and their last victory over today's visitors in any competition came back in December 2011, when both teams were in the Championship. The first half's evidence suggests the Eagles may have to wait a little while longer to end that streak: they have now failed to score a first-half goal in seven of their eight league games this term.
Having sustained an injury during the first half, Forest captain Aurier has been withdrawn at the interval; Montiel is sent on to replace him at right-back.
Nottingham Forest kick off, and we are back under way at Selhurst Park!
Palace are rewarded for a prolonged spell of possession, as Andersen decides to drive forward and is clipped by Hudson-Odoi around 30 yards from goal. That's a useful place from which to deliver a free-kick.
Not for the first time, Riedewald's cross from a set-piece fails to pick out anyone in particular, and Forest comfortably clear their lines following his free-kick.
Hughes concedes a free-kick midway through his own half, allowing Gibbs-White to load the ball into the box. Guehi rises highest, though, and heads it behind for a corner.
Following Gibbs-White's corner from the right, the ball ultimately breaks to Mangala 20 yards from goal, but he can't get over his hurried strike and sends it well over the crossbar.
Palace build patiently in midfield, but Forest's whole team are banked in front of them. Cooper's side really defend in numbers when required, packing the central areas. Can the Eagles find a way to unsettle them?
Having managed to break through in midfield, Palace are twice denied entry into the Nottingham Forest box, as the away side sit in and invite pressure, hoping to strike on the counter.
Sangare tracks back well to steal the ball from Ayew deep inside his own half, before Wood earns a free-kick by drawing Hughes into a soft foul.
CLOSE! Toffolo clips over a ball from the left to his fellow full-back Montiel, who jumps into a firmly struck volley and sees it blocked just in front of the goal line by Guehi! That's a corner for Forest.
MISS! A great chance is spurned by Mateta! Edouard slips his team-mate in, but the big striker slips as he strikes it goalward from just outside the area, sending the ball zipping narrowly wide of the right-hand post!
Cooper seems to have been spurred into action by that near-miss involving Mateta, and the Nottingham Forest manager is readying at least one substitute by the touchline.
After a quiet game, Hudson-Odoi is withdrawn; Elanga is sent on to inject some urgency into Nottingham Forest's attack.
Rak-Sakyi has a shot blocked on the right side of the area, before Palace recycle the ball and apply further pressure on Forest. As a result, Boly ends up bringing down Guehi and conceding a free-kick 35 yards from goal.
Once more, Riedewald's set-piece delivery is disappointing, as he sends a free-kick over most of his colleagues gathered in the box. Boly comfortably heads it away.
Mitchell sends in an outswinging cross from the left, which is met by Ayew's head. However, he can't get over the ball and glances it over the crossbar from 10 yards out.
Palace continue to make inroads in the final third, and they are shifting the ball out wide more often to good effect. Twice, Forest have to make hurried clearances from the edge of the area.
After Ayew finds Turner's gloves with a tame 20-yard strike, Riedewald drops down to the turf and apparently cannot continue. Another name added to Crystal Palace's injury list, or perhaps just some cramp? Either way, he's coming off.
As Riedewald is unable to continue, Richards is introduced.
Forest take the opportunity to make two changes. First, Sangare makes way for Yates in midfield.
Origi also emerges from the bench, he'll replace Wood up front.
BLOCK! Meeting Toffolo's deflected cross from the left, Montiel volleys an ambitious attempt at goal from just inside the box. Before it can reach Palace 'keeper Johnstone, though, Andersen intervenes to hack it away for a corner!
Ayew slams a shot in from the right side of the area, but Boly does well to divert it behind. Following the subsequent corner, Clyne leans back and sends a shot way over the crossbar and into the stand.
Another stoppage due to injury: Mangala looks set to be the latest player withdrawn today. He is being helped off by a medic.
Due to injury, Mangala comes off; Kouyate will replace him in midfield.
A rather reckless lunge on Guehi near the centre circle results in a yellow card for Yates.
Once again, Toffolo gets in behind his marker near the left byline, and following a couple of deflections his cross drops to ex-Palace man Kouyate. The latter's long-range shot is blocked behind for a corner.
Two Forest corners are cleared away from immediate danger by Crystal Palace, whose attacking intensity has dropped off over the past few minutes. Would a home draw be an acceptable result for the Eagles?
SHARP STOP! Johnstone dives to his right, tipping away a curling strike from the edge of the box by Dominguez! Forest are pushing hard for a winner now! That'll be another corner-kick.
In the first of at least five minutes added on for stoppages, the action is paused again, following a clash of heads between Boly and Andersen deep inside Crystal Palace's area.
Play restarts with a drop ball, and both players are fit to continue for the remainder of this finely-poised game. Can either side now find a late winning goal?
Elanga inadvertently slips through Origi, following a smart reverse pass by Domiguez into the area, but Johnstone comes out quickly to smother the ball - that was a close call, but Palace escape!
Mateta's flick-on from a long ball forward only trickles tamely towards Turner, and that could be that - the referee is set to blow the full-time whistle.
FULL-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 0-0 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
Although both sides occasionally threatened and enjoyed brief spells of dominance, neither could find an all-important breakthrough, so it ends goalless at Selhurst Park. Gibbs-White struck the post during a tepid first half, while Montiel and Murillo also came close later on, but Nottingham Forest must settle for a single point from their trip to the capital. Crystal Palace's wait for a win over Forest goes on, and it's now nearly 12 years since their last victory in this fixture.
Palace go into the international break on a streak of 309 minutes without conceding a Premier League goal, and they still sit three points ahead of Forest in the table, occupying a place in the top half. They will return to action against Newcastle United later this month, while Forest host Luton Town.
That's all from Selhurst Park today, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Everton and Bournemouth at Goodison Park!
Still with just one Premier League victory to their name this season, Everton were beaten 2-1 by Luton Town last time out, swiftly ending a welcome upturn in fortunes. Sean Dyche's side had previously posted their first league win with a 3-1 success at Brentford, before eliminating Aston Villa from the EFL Cup. Not since the final day of their troubled 2022-23 campaign have they kept a clean sheet in any competition, though that game saw Bournemouth beaten by an Abdoulaye Doucoure goal that preserved the Toffees' top-flight status for another year.
After a 4-0 reverse at Arsenal last week, Bournemouth's only wins this term remain a pair of EFL Cup victories over Championship sides Swansea City and Stoke City. The Cherries arrive on Merseyside following an 11-game streak without victory in the Premier League, and they sit second-bottom of the standings. Of particular concern for coach Andoni Iraola will be his team's record of conceding at least twice in all three of their away fixtures this season.
EVERTON (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Ashley Young, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite, Vitalii Mykolenko; Jack Harrison, James Garner, Amadou Onana, Dwight McNeil; Abdoulaye Doucoure; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
SUBS: Joao Virginia, Lewis Dobbin, Beto, Michael Keane, Youssef Chermiti, Ben Godfrey, Arnaut Danjuma, Nathan Patterson, Amadou Onana.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Adam Smith, Illia Zabarnyi, Marcos Senesi, Milos Kerkez; Lewis Cook, Ryan Christie; Marcus Tavernier, Philip Billing, Dango Ouattara; Dominic Solanke.
SUBS: Ionut Radu, Joe Rothwell, Hamed Traore, Luis Sinisterra, Justin Kluivert, David Brooks, Kieffer Moore, Max Aarons, Antoine Semenyo.
Making just one change to the team that started last week's loss to Luton, Everton promote Harrison to the lineup at Gueye's expense; the latter sustained an injury during the warm-up. Captain Seamus Coleman and midfielder Andre Gomes are the Toffees' most notable injury absentees.
Meanwhile, Iraola opts for two changes to a Bournmeouth side thumped by Arsenal last time out, as Aarons and Kluivert make way for Smith and Ouattara. Tyler Adams is set for a further spell on the sidelines due a thigh problem, joining Alex Scott, Lloyd Kelly, Ryan Fredericks and Chris Mepham in missing out today.
The players emerge from the tunnel and out onto the pitch at a sun-soaked Goodison Park, and kick-off is now just moments away!
Bournemouth kick off, and we are under way at Goodison!
A bright start for Bournemouth sees the away side zipping the ball around in midfield with confidence. They've come to play a possession-based game, and it could be quite a clash of styles.
Ending Everton's first attack, Zabarnyi blocks out McNeil's attempted throughball from the left side of the box, and then the Bournemouth defender completes a clearance from the same player's subsequent cross.
McNeil wriggles through two challenges just outside the box, but Smith eventually steals the ball off him and Zabarnyi is again alert to mop up the remaining danger.
EVERTON LEAD! After knocking lightly at the door twice, Everton stride through Bournemouth's defence and open the scoring! Zabarnyi errs to gift the ball to Garner 20 yards out, and the young midfielder drives towards goal before picking out the bottom-right corner! It's 1-0 to the Toffees, and the home fans are delighted!
For a clear - and quite cynical - trip on the pacy Outtara, Everton's veteran full-back Young becomes the first player booked today.
From a tight angle on the right, Solanke attempts to beat Pickford with a rasping drive, but his effort only ripples the side-netting. It was asking a lot to score from there, but he had few other credible options.
Tavernier delivers a free-kick from the left towards Billing at the back post, but after a somewhat panicky initial reaction, Everton ultimately scramble his nod-down away.
Following an exchange of passes by Onana and Doucoure, the ball arrives at McNeil's feet just outside the area, but he drags his low shot well wide of the right-hand post before holding his hand up by way of apology.
DOUBLE CHANCE! First, Harrison's powerful shot is inadvertently blocked by Calvert-Lewin inside the six-yard box, then the ball breaks to Doucoure, who sees a low strike saved by Neto, diving down to his right! Everton are totally on top now!
Smith blocks McNeil's cross out for a corner-kick, which Garner comes across to take. The latter's inswinger brushes Solanke's head at the near post and flies behind for another corner on the other side.
From Everton's third corner-kick in succession, an almighty scramble of bodies in the box results in the ball bouncing out to Harrison around 20 yards from goal. However, he sees another well-struck shot blocked - this time by one of several fast-closing Bournemouth defenders.
A foul on Senesi by Calvert-Lewin results in Everton's latest attack being brought to a premature conclusion by the referee. The hosts sense more goals are theirs for the taking during this first half, but are denied another chance by a rather harsh decision.
After Garner fails to fully clear a cross from Tavernier on the right, Bournemouth toss another ball into the box, which a defender has to hurriedly clear. The away side are finally building some attacking rhythm.
Having played a corner short on the right, Christie ultimately delivers the ball towards the back post from a more favourable angle. Everton are forced to concede another corner-kick, but nothing comes of it.
On the counter, Bournemouth break quickly, as Christie and Cook combine in midfield and the latter picks out Kerkez around 25 yards from goal. The full-back lashes his shot well over, though, via a deflection.
Everton survive successive corners, and for all their bright attacking play they still seem very nervous within the confines of their own area. A second goal would certainly settle things down in that regard, but the Toffees have scored just 11 times in their previous 17 Premier League home games, never netting more than once in that run.
Garner apologises to his team-mates, after an optimistic low strike from outside the box deflects off Zabarnyi and trickles tamely towards Neto in the Bournemouth goal.
After another Tavernier free-kick from the left, Billing again nods the ball down into the danger area, but Ouattara then sends his volleyed effort several yards over the crossbar.
Calvert-Lewin bursts down the right, reaches the byline and then presses Neto into action - the Bournemouth captain prods the ball away with his leg for a corner.
WHAT A HIT FROM HARRISON! Everton lead 2-0! After Neto makes a second punch clear under pressure, the ball drops into the path of Harrison, waiting just outside the area. He takes aim and places a perfectly-struck shot into the net via the bottom of the crossbar! It's a composed finish that gives his side a precious two-goal advantage!
Bournemouth have now conceded nine first-half goals in eight Premier League games this season, more than any other team. Can there be any way back from this for the south coast side?
In behind Bournemouth's defence, McNeil can't quite catch up with a long ball from the back, but he applauds the intention as his chase ends unsuccessfully on the right byline.
Crossed wires between Garner and Doucoure mean the latter fails to connect with a dangerous low cross along the box, having decided to stand and wait for a cutback instead. Then, at the second attempt, Young gets a shot away from the edge of the area - however, it zips wide of the right-hand post.
Summing up Bournemouth's first half, a lively attacking move falters on the right flank, as Outtara fails to connect properly with a cross and rather comically shins the ball straight out of play.
OFF THE BAR! After Doucoure crosses for Calvert-Lewin, the striker climbs highest in the box and plants a close-range header against the top of the crossbar! Then, on the follow-up, Mykolenko's deflected cross is flashed just wide by Onana, who spins to strike at goal!
HALF-TIME: EVERTON 2-0 BOURNEMOUTH
Everton's Premier League losing streak at Goodison could be coming to an end, as the home side have dominated lacklustre Bournemouth during the first half and could quite easily be leading 3-0. Instead, the Toffees' advantage stands at two - thanks to goals from Garner and Harrison - and aside from struggling to deal with a series of corners, they have been in charge for most of the game so far.
The picture looks bleak for Bournemouth at the break, as they've yet to manage a shot on target and star striker Solanke has barely touched the ball. Does Iraola have a 'Plan B' his team can turn to now? Otherwise, Dyche is set to post his sixth straight win over the Cherries.
Making one change at half-time, Bournemouth respond to their first half display by replacing Christie with Rothwell in central midfield.
Everton kick off, and we are back under way at Goodison Park!
CHANCE! Another mistake by Zabarnyi lets Everton in again, but Doucoure places his close-range shot straight at Neto, who makes a straightforward save! That's a real let-off for Bournemouth, who have been abject at the back today.
Once more, Doucoure fails to take advantage of a good attacking situation, as he hesitates when Everton break through the middle, and by the time he decides what to do, their momentum has already evaporated.
Making a clearance from inside his own area, Branthwaite slices the ball behind for a corner. Much to Iraola's apparent frustration, Billing then wastes the set-piece situation.
Kerkez brings down Harrison midway through Bournemouth's half, conceding a free-kick. Garner then plays the ball short to McNeil, who sends in a rather aimless ball towards the penalty spot. That was not the best use of another attacking opportunity.
Bournemouth are yet to test Pickford in the Everton goal, so Iraola seems to be readying another substitute near the touchline - perhaps more support for Solanke up front?
Replaced by another winger, Sinisterra, Ouattara is withdrawn just before the hour-mark.
Solanke hauls back Onana by the arm and receives a yellow card from the referee.
Bringing down a dropping ball upfield, Calvert-Lewin does well to spin inside from the right side of the box, but his subsequent shot is sent spiralling over the crossbar.
3-0 EVERTON! Surely that seals it! A cross is stood up by McNeil from the right, then Harrison's close-range header is blocked on the goal line by Kerkez. The ball then rebounds back off Harrison, and Doucoure lashes it home from five yards!
After his goal-bound header is blocked, Harrison inadvertently deflects the ball towards Doucoure, who nets Everton's third goal of the game.
Due to his complaints following Doucoure's goal, Neto is booked.
McNeil skips away from Zabarnyi on the left, then delivers an inviting ball towards the near post: Doucoure meets it with a volley, but can't control it. Everton are all over their ailing opponents here, and they want more goals!
CLOSE! Really enjoying himself now, McNeil again makes the play, slipping a ball through to Calvert-Lewin, who then chips the ball over a fast-closing Neto but just wide of the left-hand post!
A belated change of approach from Bournemouth: first, Cook comes off and Moore is sent on up front.
A full-back, Kerkez, also departs; creative midfielder Brooks will replace him.
From central midfield, Garner plays Harrison in down the right flank, but the latter's cross is overhit by some distance and Everton's latest attack comes to nothing.
Following dangerous crosses from either side, McNeil sets up Garner to strike from the edge of the box, but the latter sees his shot blocked and Bournemouth launch a quick counter. At its end, Solanke nods straight at Pickford from near the penalty spot.
Looking for a second goal of the game, Doucoure cuts inside Rothwell just outside the box, but he then hurries his shot, which is sent high over Neto's goal and into the stand.
DOUBLE CHANCE! From a tight angle, Onana twice comes close to scoring! First he has a header blocked by Billing at the near post, then Neto denies him with a close-range save! He'll have to settle for a corner!
At the second attempt, Neto gathers in the ball following a stinging low drive by Garner from 20 yards out. It's still a one-way blue tide at Goodison, and Bournemouth are well and truly beaten.
OFF THE LINE! That's Bournemouth's best chance! Billing nods a cross into Zabarnyi's path, but the defender sees his shot hacked off the goal line by McNeil! Then, the Everton winger appears at the end of a rapid counter-attack and tests Neto with a shot!
After putting in a good shift in midfield, Harrison is withdrawn and Patterson comes on to replace him.
Patterson makes an immediate impact, as he races on to Young's throughball and almost picks out Calvert-Lewin with a cutback from the right flank.
SAVE! Pickford prevents Moore from grabbing a consolation! After the Bournemouth substitute beats Patterson in the air near the penalty spot, his flicked header is pawed away by the Everton goalkeeper!
Soaking up warm applause from the home fans, Calvert-Lewin departs, as ex-Udinese striker Beto comes on for the closing stages.
For the second straight game, Everton have fired in more than 20 shots - but this time, their efforts have been handsomely rewarded. Could this prove a pivotal moment for their 2023-24 campaign?
Iraola makes his final change: Smith is replaced by Aarons.
A Sinisterra delivery from the left byline is met by Moore's head at the near post, but he can't change the ball's angle sufficiently and sends it straight behind for a goal-kick.
Beto is frustrated when his run behind Bournemouth's defence is not supplied by a better pass, as the ball trickles through to Neto. Then, at the other end, Pickford gets down well to tip Tavernier's low shot behind for a corner.
Dyche offers another striker a brief cameo, as Chermiti comes on for Doucoure.
In the third minute of at least five added on for stoppages, an alert Neto races off his line to beat Chermiti to the ball, following an incisive throughball by Young.
Patterson's cross is too strong for Beto and flashes wide of the Portuguese forward, who had made his run into the centre. Then, Beto finds the side-netting from a very tight angle on the right, having been played in by the irrepressible McNeil.
FULL-TIME: EVERTON 3-0 BOURNEMOUTH
A commitment to attack and Bournemouth's defensive deficiencies combine to help Everton end their search for a first Premier League win at Goodison this season. The Toffees flooded forward in numbers, aided by their visitors' timid resistance, and they effectively decided the game by scoring twice before the break. Onana then applied the finishing touch during the second half, consigning Bournemouth to yet another away defeat.
After the international break, Everton will go straight into the Merseyside derby versus Liverpool. Meanwhile, beleaguered Bournemouth resume Premier League duty with back-to-back home games against Wolves and Burnley.
That's all from Goodison Park today, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League fixture between Fulham and Sheffield United at Craven Cottage.
An up-and-down start to 2023-24 has Fulham currently sat 13th in the table, having recorded two wins and draws apiece as well as three losses. Their last win came three games ago, having drawn 0-0 and lost 0-2 against Crystal Palace and Chelsea respectively since they beat Luton Town
It could be worse though, and it very much is for Sheffield United, who have picked up just one point from their seven games so far this season. Yet to win and losing six times already, the Blades have scored once and conceded 12 in their three games since a 2-2 draw with Everton, including an 8-0 drubbing by Newcastle.
FULHAM (4-3-3): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Issa Diop, Tim Ream, Antonee Robinson; Alex Iwobi, Joao Palhinha, Andreas Pereira; Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Carlos Vinicius, Willian.
FULHAM SUBS: Marek Rodak, Calvin Bassey, Harrison Reed, Raul Jimenez, Harry Wilson, Tom Cairney, Fode Ballo-Toure, Rodrigo Muniz, Sasa Lukic.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-5-2): Wes Foderingham; Chris Basham, Auston Trusty, Anel Ahmedhodzic; Jayden Bogle, Gustavo Hamer, Vinicius Souza, Oliver Norwood, Luke Thomas; Oliver McBurnie, Cameron Archer.
SHEFFIELD UNITED SUBS: Adam Davies, John Fleck, Rhian Brewster, Benie Traore, Jack Robinson, Anis Ben Slimane, Yasser Larouci, James McAtee, Femi Seriki.
Marco Silva makes three attacking changes to the side defeated 2-0 by Chelsea last time out, as Carlos Vinicius, Bobby De Cordova-Reid and Alex Iwobi, making his first start for the club, come in for Harry Wilson, Raul Jimenez and Harrison Reed.
Sheffield United’s three changes come down the spine of the team, with Chris Basham and Auston Trusty replacing Jack Robinson and injured captain John Egan in the back three, while Ollie Norwood comes into central midfield in place of James McAtee.
The teams head out onto the Craven Cottage pitch, and we're very nearly ready to go in west London!
Iwobi gets the game up and running, as he kicks off for Fulham in the capital!
Willian cuts inside Bogle and shoots from the left side of the box, but Basham is in the way to make the block for Sheffield United.
Sheffield United won both of their most recent league meetings with Fulham in the 2021-22 Championship campaign, last winning three in a row against the Cottagers between 1985 and 1988.
CHANCE!! Robinson and Willian combine to send the left-back racing down the left. He cuts the ball back from the byline, but De Cordova-Reid, coming across from the right, scuffs his attempt on goal and it's deflected behind for a corner!
Carlos Vinicius lays Palhinha's pass off to De Cordova-Reid, whose shot from the edge of the box is blocked wide of the post. Fulham prepare for a third corner of the game, but play is pulled back as Vinicius was offside.
Vinicius Souza does well to beat Robinson and Palhinha before switching play wide to the left, but his cross-field ball is too far ahead of Thomas for the left wing-back to get there.
Fulham have won both of their Premier League home games against Sheffield United, winning 1-0 at Craven Cottage in both the 2006-07 and 2020-21 seasons.
Archer wins possession high up the field and the ball comes back for Thomas. He squares to Hamer looking to open up space for Archer in the box, but the midfielder's first-time pass is overhit and Leno cleans up for Fulham.
A cross-field pass allows Pereira to free up Robinson, but his low cross is cut out and cleared by Ahmedhodzic for the Blades.
Willian gets to the byline and hooks the ball back into the centre, where Trusty cuts it out by volleying wildly behind to concede a corner!
A poor Foderingham clearance goes straight to Willian, who then finds Carlos Vinicius in the box. He cuts onto his left and shoots, but it's a very weak effort which the Blades goalkeeper can easily save.
SAVED!!! Carlos Vinicius shows unbelievable strength to hold off Ahmedhodzic and tee up Willian in the box. Arriving onto the ball at pace, the Brazilian goes for goal, but Foderingham denies him with a fantastic reflex save from close range!
Sheffield United have lost 21 and won just two of their 31 Premier League away games against London sides, beating Chelsea in October 1992 and Crystal Palace in February 2020. Since that victory against Crystal Palace, they've lost their last eight visits to the capital in the top-flight by an aggregate score of 20-3.
A nasty, nasty injury to Sheffield United's Basham has brought the game to a halt, and we could have a lengthy delay coming up as the Blades' captain is seen to.
Jack Robinson is warming up on the sidelines for Sheffield United, with there being no prospect whatsoever of Basham continuing.
The Blades have faced 156 shots in the Premier League this season (22.3 per game), more than any other side. They're currently the only team on record (since 2003-04) to have faced more than 20 shots per game across a Premier League campaign.
The stretcher is ready, and as Basham is carried off, you'll imagine he'll get a massive round of applause from all four sides of Craven Cottage.
We're still at a standstill in west London, as both sides' medical teams give the Blades defender further treatment, and prepare to help him from the field before we can restart here.
Ream was involved in the tussle for the ball that has resulted in this awful injury for Basham, and he hasn't left the Sheffield United captain's side as the defender is eventually carried off the pitch.
Basham's stretcher heads straight down the tunnel as the crowd rises to applaud him, and Jack Robinson is called into action as we get back under way.
Thomas' cross-field ball is nodded down by McBurnie, but Vinicius Souza can't make anything of it before Ream clears for Fulham.
Willian and Iwobi combine to tee up Palhinha on the edge of the box, but the midfielder's first-time shot is sent flying over the top and into the back of the stands!
From a Sheffield United corner, Fulham forward break at speed through Pereira. He dinks a cross into the box with support arriving, but it's headed clear by Ahmedhodzic!
The hosts set off on another counter-attack as Carlos Vinicius charges through the middle. Willian's in space to the left, but the pass between the two Brazilians is cut out by Hamer sliding in from nowhere!
Carlos Vinicius races in behind the defence to latch onto Willian's pass. De Cordova-Reid is the target as he cuts the ball back to the front post, but Foderingham dives off his line to catch the cross!
Fulham beat Luton 1-0 earlier this season, but haven't won consecutive Premier League matches against promoted sides since a run of four between January and October 2011.
A scooped ball over the top from Vinicius Souza is met by Trusty in an advanced position, but the offside flag is up against the USA defender as he picks out a cross into the middle.
We're into FOURTEEN additional minutes at Craven Cottage, the vast majority of which are to alleviate the time lost during Basham's injury treatment.
De Cordova-Reid and Castagne link up down the right and the latter crosses into the box, but Thomas is in the way to block the ball behind for a Fulham corner.
The corner is played short to De Cordova-Reid, but his first-time cross is far too close to Foderingham and the goalkeeper collects.
Robinson wraps around on the left side and fires another low cross into the box, but Trusty gets there ahead of Carlos Vinicius to knock the ball away.
WIDE!!! Ahmedhodzic is dispossessed by Willian, and Pereira and runs into shooting space. He tries to pick out the top corner as he curls an effort goalwards, but it fizzes wide of the left-hand post!
De Cordova-Reid bursts down the right, but he's crunched in a ball-and-all tackle from Robinson that gives Fulham their sixth corner of the match!
OVER!!! A golden chance for the hosts!!! Willian's cross from the right takes a nick off Ahmedhodzic and sits up nicely for Pereira, but he arrives onto the ball too quickly and miscues a shot over the bar when it looked easier to score than miss!
Fulham have lost six of their last 12 Premier League home games, having lost just two of their first 10 following their return to the top flight last season. However, five of these six defeats have come in London derbies, with the other coming against reigning champions Manchester City.
De Cordova-Reid and Willian combine down the right for the latter to drill a low cross into the box, but Carlos Vinicius takes a poor first touch and goes down under little pressure to bring the chance to an end.
HALF-TIME: FULHAM 0-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED.
A goalless first-half sparse with chances comes to an end, sadly marred by that horrific injury to Sheffield United defender Chris Basham. Fourteen added minutes saw the first 45 extended to over 60, but in all that time, neither side was really able to produce much in the way of guilt-edged goalscoring opportunities. Fulham had the lion's share of these chances though, with Foderingham making a brilliant save to deny Willian, and De Cordova-Reid and Pereira both sending close-range efforts wide. Sheffield united have created next to nothing at the other end, and it'll be interesting to see how the Blades react to the absence of club stalwart Basham in the second half.
Fulham's 10 first-half shots have yielded an xG of 1.11 so far, while Sheffield United are yet to register a single attempt at the other end. If the hosts can make their dominance count in the second half, they could well end up cruising to victory here, unless the Blades can get themselves up the other end of the field and creating chances.
Archer resumes proceedings at Craven Cottage, as Sheffield United get the second period underway.
WIDE!! An immediate chance for Fulham as they break forward in numbers. Pereira carries over halfway and shoots from the edge of the box, dragging a fairly poor attempt beyond the far post!
BLOCKED!!! The Blades go close with their first attempt of the match! Archer holds the ball up well and lays it off to Norwood, whose first-time effort takes a deflection off Palhinha, deceiving Leno as the ball bounces wide!
SAVED!!! McBurnie arrives late to meet Norwood's delivery, but the Scotland striker sends his free header straight at Leno!
Palhinha slides in late on McBurnie and catches the striker after he's released the ball, and the Fulham pivot receives the game's first yellow card.
Willian steams forward on another Fulham counter-attack, with Carlos Vinicius running ahead of him. Iwobi arrives late onto the winger's pass, but Hamer gets in the way of his first-time shot to take the ball beyond the near post!
WIDE!!! McBurnie heads the Fulham corner clear, but it's met on an immediate rebound from De Cordova-Reid, which leaves everyone else at a standstill as the well-struck volley whistles over the top!
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Fulham fire themselves ahead!!! Another fast break sees Carlos Vinicius turn and send Pereira away down the left. He scoops a fantastic throughball into the path of De Cordova-Reid, who bides his time before slotting into the bottom corner! The Blades' defence is finally breached, and the hosts lead 1-0 at Craven Cottage!
That ball from Pereira was absolutely sumptuous, giving De Cordova-Reid all the time he needed to pick out a spot and find it.
Sheffield United have failed to win any of their last 17 Premier League matches when conceding the opening goal, dating back to February 2021 against West Brom.
CHANCE!!! Archer beats three players on his way into the box, but his cross into the middle is a fraction too far ahead of McBurnie as it flashes across the face of goal!
Vinicius Souza and Palhinha collide in midfield, with the Sheffield United man coming off worse and heading to the sideline for some temporary treatment.
A cross-field ball from Pereira looks for De Cordova-Reid, but Thomas intercepts with a cushioned header that ends up going behind for a Fulham corner.
CHANCE!!! Willian scoops a good cross into the area with the outside of his foot, which is bravely punched clear by Foderingham before he's clattered by the arriving Carlos Vinicius!
Archer collects a long ball forward from the back but is soon clipped by Robinson, winning Sheffield United a free-kick in a good crossing position.
WIDE!!! Ream's block gifts the Blades a corner, which is nodded down to the edge of the box. Hamer arrives to drill a first-time shot goalwards, but smashes it just wide of the right-hand post!
That missed chance will be Hamer's last involvement of the game, as he's withdrawn for James McAtee.
Yasser Larouci is also on at left-wing-back for the Blades, replacing Thomas, who hasn't had the easiest of times down that side so far.
CHANCE!! Robinson's block on a Willian cross gives Fulham a corner, which is met by the head of Diop at the far post and sent straight into Foderingham's gloves!
GOOOOAAALLL!!! Sheffield United are gifted an equaliser!! The Blades counter and Larouci crosses from the left byline. McBurnie is the target at the far post, but the ball takes deflections off both Castagne and Palhinha before striking Robinson and rolling into the net! It's a goal from nowhere given how little Sheffield United have produced, but they won't care as it's now 1-1!
There's a quick VAR check for offside against Archer, but he's firmly behind the line as Larouci crosses, meaning the goal stands, to the Blades' delight.
Diop pulled up injured midway through that Sheffield United attack, and is sadly forced off, with Calvin Bassey taking his place in central defence.
Pereira also comes off having been at the heart of all Fulham's good attacking play, and club captain Thomas Cairney will replace the Brazilian in midfield.
McBurnie and Palhinha come together again, with the Sheffield United striker getting nowhere near the ball as he slides in wildly to concede a free-kick and earn a booking.
Fulham have managed four shots on target from their 16 attempts so far as they look to re-establish their lead.
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Fulham are back in front!!! Cairney finds space to shoot from 25 yards and lets fly, sending a looping effort goalwards which cannons back of the crossbar, hits Foderingham in the back, and bounces into the net! Another strange goal in this strange, strange game, and the hosts nudge themselves ahead once again to lead 2-1!
De Cordova-Reid's opener could well prove crucial if Fulham can hang on here, as Harry Wilson comes on for the Jamaica international.
Carlos Vinicius has held up the ball superbly in the final third, with Rodrigo Muniz coming on for the hosts tasked with something similar, you'd imagine.
A triple change is completed by Marco Silva, as Harrison Reed replaces Iwobi for the final 11 minutes.
Sheffield United also make a change of their own as Rhian Brewster enters the fray in place of Archer up front.
Sheffield United have now conceded six goals in the last 15 minutes of their second halves this season, the most of any side in the Premier League.
OFF THE UPRIGHT!! Wilson cuts inside from the right with runners ahead of him, but chooses to go for goal himself and fires a shot off the far post and back out again!
BLOCKED!!! Wilson's floated ball to the far post is miscontrolled by Muniz, but Fulham keep the ball alive in the box. Muniz gets a second chance to shoot, but is off-balance when he does and Ahmedhodzic gets in the way of it!
Norwood whips a crossed free-kick into the Fulham box, but Cairney is covering at the front post and stretches to put the ball behind.
Willian drops a shoulder to beat McAtee and shoot with his right foot, but he can't get much power behind the effort and it's straight at Foderingham.
We're getting plenty of added time once again, with just the EIGHT extra minutes to play at Craven Cottage.
Norwood concedes a free-kick for fouling Wilson and boots the ball away, picking up a late yellow card for his troubles.
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! A third goal to seal the points!!! Willian attempts a scooped cross into the box, but it's headed half-clear by the Blades. The Brazilian arrives onto the loose ball and smashes a low shot goalwards, which Foderingham gets a hand to but can't keep out of the bottom corner!! 3-1 to Fulham, and three points in the bag for Marco Silva's men.
That's Willian's first goal of the season, in a game that has seen him attempt five shots on goal for the first time since April of last season!
Muniz and Trusty chase a long ball downfield, with the tussle resulting in the Fulham substitute falling over the advertising hoardings and into the home fans!
Cairney looks to have been clipped in the box by Robinson as he chases a throughball, but neither the Fulham players nor fans get the late penalty they wanted.
FULL-TIME: FULHAM 3-1 SHEFFIELD UNITED.
A game that totalled 160 minutes finally comes to a close, with Fulham recovering from an unfortunate equaliser to see out a comfortable 3-1 victory. The uneventful - Basham's injury aside - first half gave way to a pulsating second, with the hosts opening the scoring just eight minutes after the restart. De Cordova-Reid's opener was cancelled out by Antonee Robinson's own goal 15 minutes later, as Sheffield United got themselves back on level terms with an extreme stroke of fortune. However, that fortune would soon turn against them, as Tom Cairney's long-range effort ricocheted in off Foderingham, and Willian popped up in stoppage time to seal a victory that Fulham very much deserved.
Fulham climb one place in the table to 12th, securing all three points to move seven points clear of the bottom three. That's not much of a gap with plenty of football still to be played, but they're in a much healthier position than Sheffield United, who remain rooted to the bottom of the pile with a solitary point. The Blades fought hard amidst difficult circumstances in the capital, but the task of staying up this season is looking all the more difficult with every passing game.
That's all from us, we hope you enjoyed the game! Until the next one comes around, it's goodbye from us.
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this fixture in the Premier League, as Luton Town host Tottenham at Kenilworth Road.
Coming off the back of a first-ever Premier League victory, the Hatters were defeated 2-1 last time out by fellow promoted side Burnley. Rob Edwards’ side secured that maiden win away at Everton, and will be hoping they notch another in front of their home fans sooner than later.
However, they face a Spurs side who are unbeaten in the league so far this season. Recording five wins and two draws so far in 2022-23, Ange Postecoglou’s men sit second in the table, just a point behind Manchester City after securing a controversial 2-1 win over Liverpool in their last game.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-2-1): Thomas Kaminski; Reece Burke, Tom Lockyer, Mads Andersen; Jacob Brown, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu, Marvelous Nakamba, Alfie Doughty; Elijah Adebayo, Chiedozie Ogbene; Carlton Morris.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: Tim Krul, Ross Barkley, Luke Berry, Cauley Woodrow, Issa Kabore, Tahith Chong, Teden Mengi, Ryan Giles, Joseph Johnston.
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Destiny Udogie; Pape Sarr, Yves Bissouma; Dejan Kulusevski, James Maddison, Richarlison; Son Heung-Min.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Fraser Forster, Oliver Skipp, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Bryan Gil, Emerson Royal, Eric Dier, Giovani Lo Celso, Ben Davies, Alejo Veliz.
Luton make three changes from their 2-1 loss to Burnley last time out, with three defenders taken out of the side. With Amari’i Bell injured and Teden Mengi and Issa Kabore benched, Reece Burke and Mads Andersen come into the back three, while Jacob Brown pushes out to the right flank, allowing Elijah Adebayo to join the attack.
Spurs, meanwhile, make no changes to the side that beat Liverpool in the dying minutes, with opening goalscorer Son Heung-Min leading from the front. Behind him, the attacking trifecta of Richarlison, James Maddison and Dejan Kulusevski should cause Luton plenty of problems.
The two sides trudge out of the Kenilworth Road tunnel, and we're almost ready for kick-off in the first game of this Premier League weekend!
Son gets the match underway for Spurs, and we're off and running in Bedfordshire!
This is the first meeting between Luton and Tottenham in any competition since a goalless draw in the old First Division back in March 1992, the season in which the Hatters were relegated to miss out on the launch of the Premier League.
WIDE!!! Spurs blow the chance to go 1-0 up inside three minutes! Kulusevski cuts inside and whips a cross into the middle. The bounce deceives Kaminski, but Richarlison closing in at the far post can only strike a half-volley wide. That looked easier to score than miss for the Brazilian!
SAVED!!! Maddison turns on the edge of the box to feed Richarlison running in behind the Luton defence, but his low, side-footed shot is parried by the outstretched leg of Kaminski! It's been one-way traffic so far!
Porro races down the right edge before playing a pass inside to Son. He shoots from the edge of the box, but Mpanzu is in the way of it for Luton.
WIDE!!! Son and Porro play successive one-two's to give the full-back a clear run into the box. He engages Kaminski as he darts in behind, but skews a poor effort wide of the post with the goalkeeper beaten!
Morris comes forward on the break for Luton, and holds up the ball as the support arrives. He cuts it back for Adebayo in the middle, but Romero steps in to cut the pass out and come away with possession!
OVER!!!! Porro's long cross-field pass is nodded down by Maddison, and the recipient Son smashes a half-volley which whistles over the top!
Spurs are unbeaten in nine league games against Luton, winning five since a 2-0 away defeat in November 1987; with Ian Allinson scoring a brace for the Hatters that day.
Richarlison and Udogie exchange passes down the near touchline as the Brazilian looks to run in behind, but he's shunted over by Brown off the ball, and wins a free-kick in a promising position for Tottenham.
Tottenham have won 12 of their last 14 Premier League games against promoted sides, and have already beaten Burnley and Sheffield United this season. They've not lost to a side in their debut season in the competition since a 3-1 defeat by Blackpool in 2010-11.
Van de Ven comes forward and has space to shoot from 30 yards. He does so, but the jeers from the crowd begin almost immediately afterwards as the ball sails into the stands.
SAVED!!! Kulusevski's whipped-in low cross towards Maddison is scythed away by a sliding Lockyer, but the ball drops kindly for Son in the box. He shoots, but it's straight at Kaminski and the Hatters 'keeper makes a comfortable save!
Lockyer steps in to cut out another Spurs attack, but Richarlison picks up the scraps and curls a shot high and wide from the edge of the box.
Lockyer slides in to dispossess Maddison but gets nowhere near the ball as he takes the Spurs playmaker down on the edge of the box, and receives the first booking of the game.
Porro is dispossessed by Morris, who feeds Mpanzu running wide to his right. His low cross towards Adebayo is half-cleared by Spurs, but Nakamba's follow-up shot is not-so-marvellous and skews well wide.
Brown pops up on the left flank and fires a cross towards the near post, which flies into the side-netting for a goal-kick despite the hosts demanding a corner!
Ogbene bursts past Porro to race into the left side of the Spurs box, but his cut-back for Mpanzu on the edge is thwarted by Sarr!
Luton win their first corner of the game following a Romero deflection behind, but Morris' front-post header is wayward and loops over the top.
Tottenham have won six of and are unbeaten in their last eight Premier League games, with no side currently on a longer run without defeat.
SAVED!!! Sarr latches onto a loose ball and drives through the middle into the final third. He spreads it wide to Kulusevski, whose first-time shot across the face of goal is tipped wide by Kaminski at full stretch!
Ogbene does well to bring down and lay off Nakamba's aerial ball into the box, but Doughty's floated cross back in is easily caught by Vicario!
Maddison twists and turns away from Nakamba, but has his shirt dragged back by the Zimbabwean to win Spurs a free-kick which is well within their number 10's shooting range.
Maddison steps up to take the free-kick he won for Spurs, but his curling effort is whipped up and over the top of Kaminski's goal!
The two number nines come together as Morris accidentally clips Richarlison in the air, and the Luton striker is shown a yellow card for the challenge.
Luton have won just one of their last 10 home league games against London sides, beating Championship side QPR 3-1 in October last season.
Spurs pile numbers forward as they look to open Luton up, but neither Udogie, Richarlison or Porro can get a cross or shot away into the Hatters' packed box.
Ogbene does well to dispossess Porro, but doesn't get very far before being clipped late by Bissouma. He's shown a yellow card, and having picked up five bookings in just eight games this season, the Spurs midfielder will receive a one-match suspension!
BALL IN THE NET!!! Doughty's free-kick is headed across goal by Morris, and Adebayo flicks the ball towards goal. It flies up into the air and bounces back off the post, where Lockyer nods it in to potentially put Luton ahead! However, Adebayo had pushed Romero in order to reach the initial ball, and so it's a Spurs free-kick rather than a Luton goal!
Both Lockyer and Morris picked up knocks to the head during that sequence of play, and as they're assessed on the touchline, Luton are down to just nine players for the moment!
Tottenham have had more shots than any other Premier League side this season (138), with their average of 19.7 shots per game their highest on record in a single campaign. They've had at least 20 efforts in three of their last four league games, as many times as they had done in their previous 28, and so far at Kenilworth Road, Spurs have managed to fire off 11 already!
Andersen concedes a corner as he steps in to cut out a Richarlison chance, but Maddison's delivery from the set-piece is headed clear at the front post by Burke!
We're into three additional minutes at Kenilworth Road as Spurs continue to chase that all-important opening goal!
CHANCE!!! Richarlison's low cross into the box is collected by Son, who then tees up Maddison from the edge of the box. The England playmaker has time to pick his spot, but blazes a curling effort wide of the mark!
HE'S OFF!!! Bissouma drives through the middle before going down under pressure on the edge of the box. It wasn't enough pressure though, says the referee, who shows the midfielder a second yellow card for simulation and then produces the red! After a first-half they've dominated, Spurs will now have to play out the rest of the game a player down!
HALF-TIME: LUTON TOWN 0-0 TOTTENHAM.
It's all square at the break, with the hosts holding on despite a plethora of Tottenham chances! Kaminski has made saves from Richarlison, Son and Kulusevski, with the former, Porro and Maddison also firing wide as Spurs laid siege to the Luton box at times! The Hatters haven't been without chances of their own though, and saw a scrappy Lockyer goal disallowed thanks to a foul on Romero. Luton will have renewed confidence going in to the second half too, not only having kept Spurs at bay so far, but also facing a side down to 10 men after Bissouma received a second yellow card late in the first.
12 shots to three having generated 1.72 xG shows just how freely Spurs have attacked in the first half, but with a zero in the goal column, and without Bissouma for the second half, Ange Postecoglou's side need to find a breakthrough and put this game to bed sharpish.
With Spurs needing a re-shuffle following Bissouma's sending off, and Richarlison is sacrificed for Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg to come on to and bolster the midfield.
Adebayo resumes proceedings at Kenilworth Road, and we're back underway hoping the first goal isn't too far away!
Kulusevski turns and bursts away from Nakamba to feed Son on the counter, but Burke steps in with a well-timed interception to cut out the Spurs captain's pass for Maddison in the box.
WIDE!!! What a chance for the Hatters! Ogbene gets rid of Udogie before crossing low towards the far post. An unmarked Adebayo closes in with Vicario scrambling, but he puts the effort wide with the goal at his mercy!
Luton have now failed to score a first-half goal in seven of their eight games this season, more often than any other Premier League team.
Maddison drills a Spurs corner into the middle, but it's nodded away by Luton. Hojbjerg follows in with a half-volley from the edge of the box, but Burke's block sends the ball behind for another corner.
GOOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Spurs finally make the breakthrough!!! Taking a short corner from the opposite side, Kulusevski and Maddison play a one-two which catches Luton off-guard. The latter cuts the ball back towards Van de Ven, whose first-time shot beats Kaminski and nestles in the back of the net!! After a plethora of chances, the 10-man visitors lead 1-0  at Kenilworth Road!
Maddison's movement there was too much for Luton to handle, and he managed to squeeze the ball into Van de Ven's path for the centre-back to drill the opener home.
A loose Nakamba touch sees him stretching to reach the ball, and he's very lucky to avoid a card after catching Porro very late in the 50-50.
WIDE!!! Mpanzu floats a cross to the back post where Doughty is closing in, but the wing-back's left footed volley flashes across the face of goal and behind with Vicario beaten!
Maddison has now been directly involved in 22 goals across his last 23 away Premier League appearances, either scoring (three) or assisting (seven) in seven of his last eight on the road and managing another seven contributions in his last five games. Fulcrum.
There's a break in play following an injury to Andersen, who is eventually replaced in the Hatters' defence by Teden Mengi.
SAVED!!! Luton win possession in the final third and Adebayo tees up Morris to his left. The striker shoots from a tight angle, and the ball stings Vicario's fingertips as the goalkeeper makes the near-post save!
WIDE!!! Udogie drifts in-field and links up with Sarr, who passes right to Porro. The right-back shoots from the edge of the box with the outside of his boot, and sends a curling shot inches wide of the post!
OVER!!! Doughty whips in a cross from the left with Brown the target, but the forward's effort is sent over the top despite having a free header!
After a Luton penalty shout comes to nothing, the Hatters make a triple substitution. Brown is first off, and will be replaced by Luke Berry in midfield.
Adebayo also comes off following a determined if profligate performance up front, and Cauley Woodrow is on for the final 23 minutes.
Mpanzu is the third player taken off, and Tahith Chong enters the fray in place of Luton's longest-serving player.
SAVED!!! A poor header from Van de Ven allows Morris to flick the ball into Woodrow's path, but the striker scuffs his shot after running in behind and Vicario makes the save!
Ogbene glides past Hojbjerg with the ball, but is stopped soon afterwards by the Spurs midfielder's late challenge, which results in a yellow card for the Dane.
Following Van de Ven's opener, Tottenham have now had 167 different players score for them in the Premier League (excluding own goals), more than any other side in the competition's history (Newcastle & West Ham United each have 166).
Successive Luton corners are won on the right-hand side by Woodrow, but both crosses from Doughty don't reach Morris as Spurs head each one clear.
BLOCKED!!! Luton keep the ball alive from their latest corner and Doughty cuts inside from the right, but his curling shot takes a nick off Porro and flashes behind for another corner!
Ange Postecoglou is keen to protect his side's slender lead, and brings Emerson Royal onto the field in place of his captain Son.
Maddison also comes off as Spurs' objective becomes a defensive one, with Oliver Skipp on in the midfielder's place.
Tottenham have scored at least twice in all seven of their Premier League games under Ange Postecoglou – no manager has ever seen his team score 2+ goals in his first eight games in charge in the competition before.
Ogbene's cross drops for Doughty, who is forced wide but still manages to get a shot away, and the ball is deflected behind off Romero to give Luton yet another corner!
Luton captain Lockyer is taken off, and the introduction of an attack-minded midfielder in the form of Ross Barkley shows just how much the Hatters want to turn this game around.
Udogie is off in Spurs' latest alteration, and it's a direct replacement at left-back as Ben Davies enters the fray.
Spurs are unbeaten in eight matches under Ange Postecoglou this season, though one of their three draws saw them eliminated from the League Cup on penalties. It's the best unbeaten start any Tottenham manager has had in the club's history, and it could be extended if they manage to hold on here!
There's less than five minutes of normal time left for Spurs to maintain their slender lead, but having made a raft of defensive substitutions, could that come back to bite them if Luton do manage to find an equaliser here?
In the second half, Luton have had eight efforts on goal to Spurs' three, showing the turnaround in attacking narrative since half-time. However, despite six of these coming from inside the box, they've generated just 0.69 xG, and at the other end, Spurs have scored with one of their three attempts!
FIVE added minutes to play at Kenilworth Road, and with just one goal in it, there could still be plenty of twists and turns to come!
Kulusevski has been up front alone for the last few minutes, and is replaced late on for Alejo Veliz to do that job for Spurs in the dying minutes.
Porro has stayed down following an aerial clash with Chong, but play carries on until a free-kick is blown against Barkley for a foul on Emerson.
CHANCE!! Sarr races forward on the break and beats both Nakamba and Burke before finding Veliz in the box, but the substitute loses his footing as he goes to shoot and the chance is snuffed out by Luton!
Hojbjerg has trudged off injured for Spurs, leaving his side down to nine for the final 30 seconds of this contest!
Luton look to exploit Spurs' reshuffled defence and Mengi knocks it forward for Ogbene, but Vicario races out of his box to thump the ball clear!
Morris' last-gasp ball into the box is blocked and doesn't quite sit up for Chong, and the follow-up from Mengi flashes over the top as the full-time whistle goes!
FULL-TIME: LUTON TOWN 0-1 TOTTENHAM.
It's all over at Kenilworth Road, as Spurs seal the three points in a backs-to-the-wall second half! After dominating the first half to no avail, the visitors finally broke through eight minutes into the second, with Van de Ven's well-taken strike putting his side 1-0 up. From there though, it was all Luton, who peppered the Spurs goal through chances for Adebayo, Doughty, Brown, Morris and Woodrow. Vicario made saves from the latter two as Spurs clung on to their slender lead, and despite having chances of their own through Porro and Veliz late on, it would remain a one-goal game which ended in Tottenham's favour.
A sixth victory in eight sees Ange Postecoglou's Spurs side climb to first in the table, maintaining their best start to a Premier League season. Luton remain above the bottom three (for now) on goal difference, but having produced a fantastic, yet fruitless second-half performance against one of the division's best sides, it won't be long until that first home win is secured.
That's all from us, we hope you enjoyed the game! Until the next one comes around, it's goodbye for now.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League fixture as under-fire Manchester United face Brentford at Old Trafford!
What a crucial game this could be for Erik ten Hag. His United side have made a terrible start to 2023-24, losing back-to-back games to open their Champions League campaign and approaching this match 10th in the Premier League table with nine points from seven outings. The Red Devils have lost their last two league games on this ground against Crystal Palace and Brighton, and another home humiliation would turn up the pressure on Ten Hag.
Brentford have also made an underwhelming start to the season, with Ivan Toney's suspension being compounded by injuries to key players including Kevin Schade, Ben Mee and Rico Henry. Thomas Frank's team have only won one of their seven Premier League matches this term despite taking the lead on five occasions, though they could leapfrog United in the table with a win here!
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Victor Lindelof, Harry Maguire, Jonny Evans, Diogo Dalot; Sofyan Amrabat, Casemiro; Bruno Fernandes, Mason Mount, Marcus Rashford; Rasmus Hojlund.
MANCHESTER UNITED SUBS: Altay Bayindir, Anthony Martial, Christian Eriksen, Alejandro Garnacho, Antony, Facundo Pellistri, Donny van de Beek, Scott McTominay, Hannibal Mejbri.
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Thomas Strakosha; Nathan Collins, Ethan Pinnock, Kristoffer Ajer; Mads Roerslev, Mathias Jensen, Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt, Aaron Hickey; Bryan Mbeumo, Yoane Wissa.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Ellery Balcombe, Neal Maupay, Zanka, Saman Ghoddos, Frank Onyeka, Yehor Yarmolyuk, Kim Ji-Soo, Michael Olakigbe, Ethan Brierley.
Maguire and Evans are brought in as Ten Hag makes two changes to the team beaten 3-2 by Galatasaray on Tuesday. Raphael Varane misses out with a minor issue after starting that game, while Mejbri drops to the bench. It's a first league start of the season for former skipper Maguire, but it remains to be seen how United will line up – it could be a back three, or Lindelof could fill in at full-back.
Brentford's selection issues show no signs of abating as Mark Flekken is ruled out through illness and Keane Lewis-Potter misses out with an injury. Frank is thus forced into two changes from the team held to a 1-1 draw at Nottingham Forest last Sunday as Strakosha makes his Premier League debut between the sticks and Roerslev comes in at right wing-back, in what looks like a 3-5-2 shape.
United could lose three successive home league games for the first time since 1979 here. The Old Trafford faithful have yet to turn on Ten Hag, but patience might wear thin if they are beaten again in this one. Can United pick up a vital three points? Kick-off is approaching and we're about to find out!
After the players take the knee in support of the Premier League's 'no room for racism' initiative, United get the ball rolling at a sun-soaked Old Trafford!
There's no back three for United here. Lindelof has started at left-back with Amrabat and Casemiro forming a double pivot in midfield. There's a few groans as Onana is pressed by Wissa, but United play through the press calmy on this occasion!
Now it's Strakosha's turn to be put under pressure as Hojlund presses him ferociously, but he gets a rushed clearance away and Brentford can enjoy a spell on the ball.
Brentford win the first corner of the game as Wissa latches onto Jensen's long throw in behind before a quick exchange of passes allows Roerslev to have a cross deflected behind.
OVER! Brentford work the corner neatly, finding Hickey on the edge of the box with a routine straight off the training ground. He looks to bend a shot into the top-left corner, but it's just too high to trouble Onana!
Danger! Now Strakosha's poor clearance gifts United possession in a good area. Casemiro whips a deep cross towards Rashford, but his header at the far post is poor and it runs behind.
United have lost six of their 10 games across all competitions so far in 2023-24 while conceding 18 goals, the most they have shipped at this stage of a season since 1966-67 (20). They desperately need an improved showing here.
We've had a high-octane start at Old Trafford, with neither team being shy in demonstrating their attacking intent. Mount tracks back well this time to prevent Collins from breaking over halfway.
Hickey goes into the book after losing possession to Fernandes, taking one for the team by hauling the United captain back to prevent the counter.
United get forward to win a corner on the left, which is swung in by Mount. It's a poor delivery, but he'll get another chance as Norgaard nods it behind.
There are load groans around Old Trafford as Mount sends in another poor kick, which Norgaard clears again. Wissa looks to break down the right, but Rashford gets back to recover the loose ball.
United have looked dangerous in recent minutes. Evans floats a long ball into the box, looking for Casemiro's run to the far post, but Hojlund doesn't read it and the striker flicks a header comfortably wide.
Hojlund goes down as Pinnock's clearance smashes into his face, but he's quickly back to his feet and will be okay to continue.
Maguire is involved for the first time as he steps up following good hold-up play from Mbeumo, and the England international trips Hickey on halfway to grant Brentford a free-kick.
Wissa finds space to dart into the box from the right-hand side, with his low effort deflecting behind for a corner. Brentford find Hickey again with the same set-piece routine and he shoots from 20 yards out… but he drags this one a couple of yards wide!
United put Brentford under pressure with a sustained spell of possession deep inside the Bees' territory, but Mount's clever flick around the corner is intercepted ahead of Fernandes.
Brentford are struggling to get out at the moment. Dalot's shot from 20 yards out is charged down, then Rashford speeds past Ajer on the left before winning a corner off the former Celtic man.
Danger! Rashford's tame corner is headed clear, and Lindelof's second knock-down is also smashed away. Mbeumo then leads a rapid Brentford break, and Mount drags Jensen down off the ball to grant the visitors a free-kick 25 yards out, just to the left of the D.
Mbeumo's free-kick is delivered towards the back post, but nobody gets a touch and it runs all the way through.
Heroic defending from Pinnock! Onana's long ball over the top finds Fernandes, who checks back before offloading to Mount. He looks to pull the trigger from the right side of the box, but Pinnock flies across to make a crucial block.
Nervy play! Onana takes a short goal-kick to Evans, who is dispossessed by Wissa. Wissa looks to tee up Mbeumo for a tap-in, but the referee blows for a foul on Evans. Onana will go long from the resulting free-kick!
United have won three of their four Premier League meetings with Brentford (L1), beating them in both home games without conceding (3-0 in 2021-22, 1-0 in 2022-23).
GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLL! BRENTFORD LEAD THROUGH JENSEN! Old Trafford is stunned into silence once more – and it's another catalogue of defensive errors! Casemiro's awful pass allows Brentford to create a four-on-four situation. Wissa's pass is cut out by Lindelof, but it rebounds back off Wissa and falls for Jensen, who places a finish just beyond Onana's dive! 1-0!
Wissa gets the assist, though he didn't know much about it as it rebounded off him before landing at Jensen's feet. Having seen the replays, this goal might go down as another error from Onana...
Onana has his head in his hands again, he should definitely have done better there as Jensen's finish was nowhere near the corner!
United look to respond immediately through Rashford, who is crowded out on the edge of the area. The home fans are growing restless as Mount fails to control Casemiro's driven cross.
Brentford are not happy as Wissa is left in a heap by Evans on halfway. The referee waves play on, however, as the Bees look to play through United's high press.
It's another demoralising start for United, but there may be hope yet… Brentford have won just one of the five previous Premier League games in which they've taken the lead this season, drawing with Tottenham, Crystal Palace, Bournemouth and Forest.
Collins goes up for a deep free-kick, which is taken by Strakosha. The Irishman appeals for a corner as it's flicked behind, but the referee rules he had the final touch.
Lindelof goes down awkwardly, holding his back after going over the top of Amrabat and Roerslev. The stand-in left-back is back to his feet to take a throw-in and he looks okay to continue.
Ajer flies into a booming 50-50 with Amrabat and comes out on top, then a careless foul grants Brentford a free-kick. Hickey drives over halfway as the Bees go forward, but his pass towards Roerslev slides out of play.
SAVE! Lindelof slips a pass into Rashford's feet on the left corner of the box. He's somewhat fortunate to get through Roerslev's challenge, but a nice drop of the shoulder then opens up space for a shot… only for Strakosha to hold it at his near post!
ALMOST 2-0! Norgaard feeds Mbeumo in an inside-right position. He opens up his body before bending a shot towards the bottom-left corner with Onana scrambling, but it curls just wide!
Hojlund jumps into a poor challenge on Wissa with his studs showing, and he's perhaps fortunate not to make firmer contact with the Brentford man. If he had done, a card would have been shown.
We're into the last five minutes of the opening period with the Old Trafford crowd growing restless. United haven't carved out a clear-cut chance since falling behind.
Rashford runs at Ajer, who slips and brings his opponent down. United have a free-kick near the left corner of the box, with Fernandes standing over the dead ball…
CLOSE! Fernandes hammers the free-kick goalwards, with Wissa looking to clear in front of the diving Strakosha. He sends a firm header over his own crossbar, but that could have gone anywhere!
United fail to make anything of their corner, and Brentford win one of their own at the other end as Roerslev makes an underlapping run before crossing behind off Lindelof.
CHANCE! Mbeumo's corner is glanced on by Norgaard at the front post, with Ajer and Collins attacking it at the back. They're just unable to make contact, and it drops narrowly wide. Onana wasn't getting across!
Wissa is allowed space to shoot from 30 yards out, but he lashes wildly off target. United, however, cannot be affording their opponents that sort of space and time.
We're into two minutes of first-half stoppage time as United look to carve out a chance.
Casemiro nods Fernandes' cross back towards the far post, where Hojlund is waiting to turn it home. However, Pinnock just eases him out of the way and Strakosha can claim before the offside flag is belatedly raised.
Another offside flag leads to further frustration for United as Maguire goes too early from Onana's long punt forwards.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 0-1 BRENTFORD.
Boos greet the half-time whistle at Old Trafford, where yet another surprise result is on the cards! United have underwhelmed at both ends of the pitch once again, and both Casemiro and Onana will have to assume responsibility for Jensen's goal, which has given Brentford a 1-0 lead. The Brazilian's misplaced pass set Brentford on the break, and Onana was unable to keep Jensen's finish out despite it being far from the corner. At the other end, Rashford shot straight at Strakosha from United's best opening, but they have really struggled to carve out clear-cut chances. This is an absolutely pivotal team talk for Ten Hag!
United can have few complaints about the half-time scoreline. They have only hit the target with one of six shots totalling 0.37 expected goals (xG). Ten Hag's team have lacked width with Rashford being tightly marked on the left and Fernandes constantly drifting in from the right. What can the Dutchman do to turn the tide?
Ten Hag has made a change at the break, with Casemiro hooked after another poor display in midfield. Eriksen is on in his place, against his former club.
We're under way for the second half! Can United turn this game around, or will it be another chastening defeat for Ten Hag?
No Premier League side has dropped more points from winning positions in the Premier League this season than Brentford (eight). Will it be a similar story here, or can they hold on?
Norgaard brings Hojlund down with a sliding challenge in midfield, and he becomes the second Brentford player to see yellow.
Jensen looks for Mbeumo's run in behind, but Onana races from his line to claim the loose ball. United then come forward through Fernandes, but his loose pass sees the attack break down.
Rashford links up with Mount, who pushes a pass out to Dalot on the overlap. He crosses low, but Brentford's defence stands firm again. They haven't given anything away inside their own area.
Ten Hag has tweaked things in attack here, with Mount going out to the right and Fernandes tucking inside behind Hojlund. Neither player managed to impact the first half, so let's see if that switch changes things.
Save! Eriksen goes for goal from range, and his low effort is only parried by Strakosha. Hojlund is lurking, but Collins gets back to clear the loose ball.
United have conceded first in four successive Premier League matches at Old Trafford for just the third time, having also done so between February and March 2014 and between July and September 2020.
OFF THE LINE! Goalscorer Jensen hurls a massive throw-in into the United area, where Ajer gets a flick-on at the front post. It looks to be creeping past Onana's dive, but Dalot is there to hammer it clear! So close to 2-0!
Wide! Now Rashford cuts inside before curling a right-footed effort beyond the far post. That attempt was closer than it initially looked!
Lindelof gets forward on the overlap before cutting it back towards Fernandes, but a navy shirt is there to clear behind for a corner. Fernandes' set-piece delivery is a deep one beyond Strakosha, but it's headed away.
United are enjoying plenty of possession, but they're resorting to crosses which are being easily dealt with by Brentford's back three of Ajer, Collins and Pinnock. A loose pass in midfield allows the Bees to relieve the pressure as Wissa scampers over halfway.
Rashford shows great feet to beat his man on the left-hand side before cutting back, but Janelt intercepts before Mount fouls him inside the Brentford box.
More good defending! Hojlund twists and turns as he attempts to find shooting space inside the visitors' area, but he's eventually crowded out. Wissa breaks, but his pass towards Mbeumo is overhit and it runs all the way through to Onana.
OVER! Eriksen's cross-field ball is knocked down by Mount, allowing Dalot space to shoot, but his poor effort floats over the crossbar. He should have done better.
Ten Hag makes two further changes. Antony comes on for his first Premier League appearance since taking a leave of absence. The ineffective Mount is withdrawn.
Well, well, well. Rashford is the other player to make way, with Garnacho on. Perhaps surprisingly, there are big cheers from the home fans, presumably directed towards Garnacho's entrance, rather than the decision to take Rashford off.
Side netting! Hojlund escapes his marker in the left-hand channel, reaching the area before blasting a shot at goal, but he only manages to find the side netting as another opportunity goes begging.
Wissa embarks on a brilliant run down the right before looking for Mbeumo sliding in at the far post, but Onana makes a crucial claim, falling on the ball and holding on.
Collins sees yellow for an off-the-ball foul to halt a United counter. Eriksen lines up the resulting free-kick... but his absolutely terrible delivery is beyond everyone in the area!
Now Janelt practically climbs on Amrabat's back to stop him escaping over halfway. He joins Collins in the book.
Strakosha is down and in need of treatment. Frank is preparing a couple of substitutions, though those will be in the outfield positions.
Onyeka replaces Janelt, who had just gone into the referee's book.
Meanwhile, Maupay is on for Wissa up front. He has been excellent on the break and played a key role in Jensen's goal.
Strakosha is back up and able to continue, getting the game restarted with a goal-kick.
BIG SAVE! Fernandes pushes the ball through Jensen's legs before hammering a shot at goal from 25 yards out. His strike is a sweet one, but Strakosha is equal to it, diving to his right to push the ball to safety.
Ten Hag is going for broke here as United chase an equaliser. Martial is on for Lindelof.
Brentford have just 17 minutes plus stoppage time remaining as they look to hold on. To be honest, United haven't created a real clear-cut chance all game, with Fernandes' long-range effort the closest they have come since the break. They desperately need some inspiration from somewhere.
Garnacho tries to take a quick free-kick, but Ajer intercepts before setting Mbeumo on the break. Evans gets over to smash the ball out, and Jensen is taking his time over the resulting throw-in.
BRILLIANT DEFENDING! Ajer flicks Jensen's throw on, but United clear and have a three-on-two situation on the break. Antony curls a lovely pass towards Hojlund, but Pinnock chases the striker back, wins the battle for possession then goes down to earn a free-kick for his team.
POOR FINISH! Brentford are penned back as Amrabat works the ball out to Garnacho on the left side of the box, but the youngster is leaning back as he sends his finish just over the bar! United need to make these chances count!
The Old Trafford faithful are urging their team on as United look to up the tempo. Hojlund offloads for Martial, who goes down inside the box under no contact whatsoever. The referee rightly shakes his head.
CLOSE! United keep the pressure on as Fernandes looks for the top-right corner from just outside the area, but he bends his effort just wide of the target! Strakosha wouldn't have gotten to that one.
Maupay is booked for a foul on Evans as we approach the final 10 minutes of the 90.
Unlucky! Brentford are having to do a lot of defending, but they're always a threat on the break. Evans and Maguire have no chance as Mbeumo speeds into the area, but his cross-shot is just ahead of Maupay and it drifts wide of Onana's right-hand post.
Time is running out for United to find a response here. Brentford have all 10 outfielders behind the ball, and their low block is proving difficult for the hosts to break down.
ONANA WITH A BIG SAVE! Hickey drifts infield before looking to curl a pass out to Mbeumo. Evans intercepts but Maupay is on the scene to claim the loose ball before firing at goal from 25 yards out. His shot is just dipping towards the top-left corner, but Onana tips it over to keep the game alive.
Brentford make a change. Ghoddos replaces goalscorer Jensen as they take their time over this corner.
ANOTHER SAVE! Norgaard is inexplicably allowed a free header from the left-wing delivery, and Onana has to be alert to push it over!
Nothing comes of Brentford's second corner and United break downfield. Ghoddos is perhaps fortunate to avoid a booking for a tactical foul, but the Red Devils can look to build some pressure with five minutes of regular time to play!
You could cut the tension at Old Trafford with a knife. Another patient move ends with Antony cutting inside to shoot, and it deflects behind off Collins for a corner!
Ten Hag makes another substitution. McTominay replaces Amrabat as United look to pose more of an aerial threat.
Strakosha punches the corner all the way out for a throw-in on the United right. Dalot takes a leaf out of Jensen's book as he winds up for a long throw… but it barely reaches the area before being cleared. It's panic stations for United now.
GOOOOAAAAAALLLL, BUT WAIT, THE FLAG IS UP! Brentford concede a free-kick on the United left. Fernandes hammers a shot at goal, forcing Strakosha to push it out to Garnacho, who crosses from the byline. Martial flicks it on and McTominay's touch comes off Ajer before finding the net, but the celebrations are cut short by the linesman's flag! The VAR will take a look… but Martial did look to be offside.
NO GOAL! The on-pitch decision is upheld! Martial was clearly offside as he backheeled Garnacho's low cross into the danger zone, where it came off Ajer before beating Strakosha. United are still 1-0 down!
We're into SIX additional minutes here as United try to avoid another humiliating home defeat. Ajer wins a goal-kick, and Brentford are closing in on three points!
'You're getting sacked in the morning' is the chant from the Brentford fans, who are taunting Ten Hag. His job might not be in any imminent danger, but he'll know how important these next four minutes are.
GOOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLL! MCTOMINAY WITH A DRAMATIC LEVELLER! Garnacho beats Roerslev to reach the byline before crossing for Dalot. His close-range effort is only parried by Strakosha, and McTominay is there to volley the rebound into the bottom-left corner. It's 1-1, and United will be pushing for a winner now!
There's a quick VAR check to ascertain whether Garnacho kept the ball in play on the left wing, but it's soon cleared! The goal stands, and Old Trafford sense another potential twist to come...
STRAIGHT AT THE GOALKEEPER! Brentford are clinging onto their point now as Pinnock blocks Eriksen's cross, but it drops straight to Martial. He shoots first-time, but it's too close to Strakosha!
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MCTOMINAY AGAIN! WILD SCENES AT OLD TRAFFORD! What a huge moment this could be for Ten Hag! United win a deep free-kick, which is hoisted towards Maguire at the far post. He helps it into the centre, where McTominay escapes his marker to nod home! Strakosha got a touch, but he could only divert it against the post and in. From 1-0 down, United lead 2-1 courtesy of two stoppage-time goals!
Maguire gets a vital assist on his first Premier League start of the season, heading the free-kick across for McTominay to get his brace!
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 2-1 BRENTFORD.
Wow. What a difference four minutes can make. United were starring down the barrel of a third successive home defeat in the Premier League, one which may have had huge implications for Ten Hag's future, after Onana failed to keep Jensen's shot out in the first half. However, McTominay's late introduction proved the turning point, with the Scot levelling in the 93rd minute with a close-range volley, before beating Strakosha with a 97th-minute header to provoke wild celebrations. It's absolutely gutting for Brentford, but what a relief for United!
The United players stay out to soak up the atmosphere at Old Trafford, where McTominay has played the role of super-sub to fire the Red Devils to a potentially season-defining result. They move up to ninth in the Premier League table with four wins and four losses this term, while Brentford slump to 14th. Frank's men are now winless in eight games across all competitions.
We hope you've enjoyed our coverage of the most dramatic of stoppage-time turnarounds. It's goodbye from us, and we'll see you next time!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between West Ham and Newcastle United at London Stadium!
Making it three straight wins in three different competitions, West Ham's most recent victory came on Thursday, as the Europa Conference League champions beat Bundesliga side Freiburg 2-1 in the Europa League. Last weekend, the Hammers saw off struggling Sheffield United with a 2-0 Premier League win, and they occupy seventh place in the table with seven matches played. However, ahead of today's game, the London club have won just one of their last eight league meetings with Newcastle United.
Newcastle arrive in the capital having stunned Europe with their 4-1 thumping of Paris Saint-Germain in midweek. Following the Magpies' biggest-ever victory in the Champions League group stages - plus a recent 8-0 thrashing of Sheffield United, an EFL Cup success over Manchester City and a 2-0 Premier League defeat of Burnley - they now seek their fifth straight win in all competitions. Such a result would help Eddie Howe's men leapfrog West Ham in the table.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Kurt Zouma, Nayef Aguerd, Emerson; Edson Alvarez, Tomas Soucek; Jarrod Bowen, James Ward-Prowse, Lucas Paqueta; Michail Antonio.
SUBS: Lukasz Fabianski, Said Benrahma, Thilo Kehrer, Pablo Fornals, Angelo Ogbonna, Mohammed Kudus, Divin Mubama, Danny Ings, Maxwel Cornet.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Nick Pope; Kieran Trippier, Jamaal Lascelles, Fabian Schar, Dan Burn; Sean Longstaff, Bruno Guimaraes, Sandro Tonali; Miguel Almiron, Alexander Isak, Elliot Anderson.
SUBS: Martin Dubravka, Paul Dummett, Javi Manquillo, Jacob Murphy, Matt Targett, Callum Wilson, Matt Ritchie, Tino Livramento, Lewis Hall.
In their final fixture before the upcoming international break, West Ham make five changes to the team that won in Germany last time out. Most notably, Antonio returns from injury to start up front, captain Zouma is selected at the back, and Areola replaces Fabianski in goal.
Newcastle also have one of their main marksmen back in the fold today, as Antonio's good friend Wilson returns from a thigh problem and starts on the bench. Lascelles continues to deputise for Botman after captaining the Magpies on Wednesday. Meanwhile, Anthony Gordon has already accumulated five Premier League yellow cards so serves a suspension; Anderson replaces him.
The players are out on the pitch at a sunny London Stadium, and kick-off is now just moments away!
The hosts kick off, and we are under way in London!
Bowen and Soucek combine on the right, but Newcastle's defence quickly close them both down to nip any potential danger in the bud. Otherwise, the visitors have had more of the ball so far.
Trippier floats over a cross from the right, but as Anderson attempts to meet it at the back post, he comes under intense pressure from Coufal and can only steer his header off target.
West Ham may have scored in all of their Premier League home games throughout 2023 so far, but not since March 2019 have they managed to defeat Newcastle in front of their own supporters. Can they end that barren run today?
Burn forces Bowen to concede a throw-in near the touchline, as Newcastle continue to impose themselves on the home side, who are yet to find any rhythm.
WEST HAM LEAD! Against the early run of play, the Hammers go 1-0 in front! Paqueta flicks a lovely ball over the top for Emerson to gather near the left byline, and the full-back then plays a low pass inside to Soucek, who beats a flailing Pope and calmly finds the bottom-right corner!
Taking Paqueta's lofted pass into his stride, Emerson cuts the ball back from the left byline and sets up Soucek's goal.
With Soucek's third goal in eight Premier League appearances against Newcastle, West Ham have now scored in 10 successive top-flight games. What a start for the home side!
Despite falling behind, Newcastle have resumed their patient passing approach - there's no sign of panic. The goal came out of the blue, really, and it had been an encouraging start for Howe's men until that point.
West Ham have had just 26 per cent of possession so far, and they are sitting inside their own half, aiming to frustrate Newcastle and pounce on the break. It's an approach that's already borne fruit today.
Anderson sends a throughball straight out of play, much to the home fans' delight, and Newcastle are yet to force a significant opening in West Ham's defence.
Having gestured towards the referee, asking for his opponent to be shown a yellow card, Emerson joins Bruno Guimaraes in the referee's notebook.
A clear trip on Emerson results in Bruno Guimaraes receiving the first yellow card of the game.
After making another potentially bookable challenge and conceding a free-kick, Bruno Guimaraes is perhaps fortunate not to see a second yellow card in the space of a few minutes. A long chat with the referee lets him know that's his last warning.
Suddenly afforded some space, Paqueta drills a low ball across from the left side of the box, but Schar intervenes and Newcastle manage to get the ball clear.
Longstaff is caught narrowly offside when receiving a throughball from Trippier on the right flank, ending another unconvincing Newcastle attack: they've yet to find any fluency in the final third.
After Burn nods a dangerous cross behind for a corner, Ward-Prowse delivers an inswinging cross. Pope punches it clear from inside his six-yard box, then the whistle blows for a foul on the goalkeeper by Antonio.
Due to an alert sprint from the goal-line by Pope, Antonio can't quite connect with a ball into the box. Newcastle's number one claims it and snuffs out the danger.
CLOSE! Tonali drives forward and then feeds Almiron out on the right. Although faced with a difficult angle and still nearly 25 yards from goal, the Paraguayan lets fly with a powerful shot that zips narrowly wide of the left-hand post!
Badly mistiming his tackle, Paqueta brings down Lascelles midway through West Ham's half and concedes a free-kick out on the right.
JUST WIDE! Flicking a header just past the left-hand post from inside the box, Burn comes close for Newcastle! As ever, Trippier's set-piece delivery from the right picks out a runner, but the full-back can't quite apply the right finish.
From a deep free-kick, Zouma launches a long ball towards the Newcastle area, but the visitors easily mop it up and that was a waste of possession.
For halting Isak's speedy run with a crude challenge, Antonio becomes the latest player booked by the referee. There have been plenty of tackles flying in so far today.
Having failed to test Pope since going one goal ahead, it has been 30 minutes since West Ham last attempted a shot. Their latest attack sees Antonio flagged for offside as he seeks to meet Paqueta's throughball.
Crossed wires between Areola and Zouma result in the latter hacking the ball clear from near his goal-line following Tonali's cross. It was perhaps a bit panicky, but at least got the job done.
Picking up the ball from Trippier on the right side of the box, Bruno Guimaraes looks up and aims to pick out a team-mate at the back post. However, his pass is overhit and sails straight out of play - he then raises his hand by way of apology.
Trippier fells Antonio midway through West Ham's half, but the referee declines to issue a yellow card. It's been a frustrating first half for Newcastle so far, and they don't really look much like scoring.
As a minimum of two minutes stoppage time are announced, neither side seem any closer to adding to the only shot on target we've had at London Stadium today - Soucek's early goal.
HALF-TIME: WEST HAM 1-0 NEWCASTLE UNITED
Having soaked up some early pressure and then clinically struck on the counter, West Ham have been content to sit in and defend their lead, which sees them lead Newcastle United at the break. Despite having less than 30 per cent possession, the Hammers have controlled events with their disciplined defensive shape, and it's been a David Moyes masterclass so far. Newcastle, meanwhile, are perhaps suffering a Champions League hangover, as they've lacked fluency and are yet to record a single shot on target.
West Ham have now stopped the opposition from scoring a first-half goal in six of their eight Premier League games this season - only Crystal Palace and Wolves have done so more often. Also with a record of three wins from four when leading at half-time, the Hammers are in a great position at the break.
Newcastle kick off, and we are back under way at London Stadium!
Some 21 goals have been scored across the last five editions of this fixture, five of which went to Newcastle in a 5-1 win here back in April. Events so far today don't suggest that tradition will continue - there's been no goalmouth action as yet in the second half.
A delicious first-time pass by Paqueta splits Newcastle's centre-backs, but just as Bowen is set to pounce, Burn intervenes and turns the ball behind for a corner.
MISS! Spurning a great chance to extend West Ham's lead, Alvarez nods wide from close range! The midfielder dives down to meet a Ward-Prowse cross, but his diving header spins just wide of the left-hand post!
Almiron surges to the right byline, causing a moment of concern in West Ham's massed defence, but he then overruns the ball and it trickles behind for a goal-kick to West Ham.
Newcastle are applying some sustained pressure now, as West Ham resume their deep defensive line. Will this approach get the home side over the line, or can the Magpies eventually break through?
SUPER SAVE! Areola dives down low to keep out Burn's close-range header, following a clever stood-up cross by Isak from the right! Great goalkeeping, but what a chance missed!
NEWCASTLE ARE LEVEL! After Trippier sends a free-kick into the box from deep, Isak benefits from a deflection off Alvarez and sweeps the ball past Areola and into the top of the net! It's 1-1 at London Stadium, and Newcastle's pressure has paid off!
GOAL STANDS! Isak faced a worrying wait as the VAR analysed his goal for a possible offside, but as the ball came off a West Ham player before he steered it in, the Swedish striker was onside.
ISAK STRIKES AGAIN! Another Trippier delivery sets up Isak to put Newcastle in front! A volleyed pass from the right byline perfectly picks out the Magpies main man up front, leaving a simple task to turn the ball in from close range! All of a sudden, it's 2-1 to Newcastle - how will West Ham respond?
Cushioning a superb volleyed cross towards Isak in the six-yard box, Trippier adds another assist to his lengthy list.
Trippier has provided more assists (12) and created more chances than any other Premier League defender since the start of last season. His five assists so far this term have come in his last three league games.
Arriving at the back post, Anderson meets a cross from Trippier, but Coufal intervenes and does just enough to stop the Newcastle man striking cleanly at goal. It's still all Newcastle.
After blocking Aguerd's attempt to take a defensive free-kick, Almiron picks up a booking.
Burn steals the ball from Antonio deep in Newcastle territory, and despite the home fans' calls for a free-kick, play continues. West Ham continue to lack teeth in attack, so surely Moyes will make some changes soon.
Paqueta is shown a yellow card for vociferously demanding that Antonio was fouled by Burn.
Unexpectedly, set-piece specialist Ward-Prowse plays a free-kick short to Coufal just inside Newcastle's half, but the latter's high ball into the box is easily gathered by Pope.
OFF THE POST! Isak just misses out on a hat-trick! Receiving the ball on the edge of the box, he sits down Areola with some silky skill and then shoots from a tight angle on the right. However, it bounces back off the near post and then hits Aguerd, resulting in a Newcastle corner.
Moyes makes his move: having just returned from injury, Antonio cannot complete the game, so Benrahma replaces him.
Opening goalscorer Soucek also departs, as Kudus comes on to add some more variety in attack.
A clash of shins between Longstaff and Emerson leaves both men down on the turf. After a brief pause in proceedings, though, the action can resume - and Ward-Prowse will have a good chance to shoot from a 20-yard free-kick.
For delaying West Ham's free-kick by moving forward from the defensive wall, Longstaff joins the list of players booked today.
CLOSE! With a whipped free-kick from just outside the area, Ward-Prowse sends the ball curling narrowly over the crossbar! He was perhaps a little too close to get it up and down in time to hit the target, but it was a typically good attempt.
Another energetic shift from Almiron is brought to its end, as Howe sends on Murphy to add fresh legs to Newcastle's front line.
For the first time today, West Ham are pressing forward with purpose, and their substitutions seem to have livened up a moribund attack. However, after failing to make the most of a corner, they then see Paqueta's chipped throughball drift straight through to Pope.
Having come so close to a second-half hat-trick, Isak departs with two game-changing goals to his name. Wilson completes his return from injury by arriving off the bench.
Just introduced to the action, Wilson loves playing West Ham: he has scored more Premier League goals against them than against any other opponent, netting 12 times in 13 previous appearances. Only Wayne Rooney (14) and Michael Owen (13) have scored more often against the Hammers in England's top flight.
WEST HAM PULL LEVEL! After Coufal sprints down the right and cuts back a sharp ball inside, Kudus takes one touch to set himself and then lashes a low left-footed strike into the bottom corner! Pope had no chance, and that's quite a way to score his first Premier League goal: 2-2!
Summoning up one last surge of energy to burst down the right, Coufal then coolly pulls the ball back for Kudus, who hauls the Hammers level.
SHARP STOP! Pope keeps his side level! Bowen cuts in from the right, then drives a low shot towards the far post, forcing Newcastle's goalkeeper to dive full length and tip the ball wide! Benrahma fails to make contact with the rebound, so it's just a corner-kick.
Howe decides to stiffen things up out wide, so Anderson is withdrawn and a full-back, Targett, is sent on.
In the fifth minute of at least six added for stoppages, West Ham continue to push for a late winner. What a turnaround at London Stadium - they'd barely ventured into Newcastle's defensive third before going 2-1 down!
Trippier hangs up a free-kick from the right touchline towards Lascelles, but the Newcastle captain's header is then swallowed up in a packed penalty area. West Ham ultimately get the ball clear, and it seems it'll be one point apiece.
FULL-TIME: WEST HAM 2-2 NEWCASTLE UNITED
Despite dominating the ball and improving offensively after a barren first half, Newcastle United can't follow up their landmark win over PSG with another Premier League victory, as West Ham snatch a late leveller. Isak's clinical finishing earned the Magpies a 2-1 lead heading into the closing stages, but substitute Kudus struck a superb equaliser with time running out and the spoils are shared at London Stadium. All things considered, perhaps that's the fairest outcome.
West Ham still lead Newcastle by a point going into the international break, after which the Hammers will visit Aston Villa for an all claret-and-blue clash in Birmingham; meanwhile, Newcastle next host Crystal Palace and then Champions League opponents Borussia Dortmund.
That's all from London Stadium today, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of this Midlands derby from the Premier League, as Aston Villa make the short trip to Molineux to face Wolves!
While neither club sees this game as their biggest local tussle, West Bromwich Albion and Birmingham City's absence from the Premier League means there is still plenty at stake here! Gary O'Neil's Wolves approach the game in positive spirits after Hwang Hee-chan's goal made them the first team to beat Manchester City this season, taking them to seven points from seven matches to start the campaign. With all three promoted teams and Bournemouth losing on Saturday, this represents a chance to put a buffer between themselves and those at the bottom of the table.
Aston Villa, meanwhile, recorded a memorable victory of their own last week as Ollie Watkins' hat-trick helped them thrash Brighton 6-1, their 10th consecutive Premier League win at Villa Park. Taking that form on the road is the challenge now for Villa, who needed a stoppage-time strike from John McGinn to overcome Zrinjski Mostar in the Europa Conference League on Thursday. Villa have so far failed to beat Wolves under Unai Emery, drawing once and losing once – can they end that hoodoo here?
WOLVES (3-4-3): Jose Sa; Maximilian Kilman, Craig Dawson, Toti Gomes; Nelson Semedo, Joao Gomes, Mario Lemina, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Pedro Neto, Matheus Cunha, Hwang Hee-chan.
WOLVES SUBS: Dan Bentley, Matt Doherty, Santiago Bueno, Boubacar Traore, Fabio Silva, Sasa Kalajdzic, Jonny Otto, Tommy Doyle, Pablo Sarabia.
ASTON VILLA (3-4-3): Emiliano Martinez; Ezri Konsa, Diego Carlos, Pau Torres; Matty Cash, Boubacar Kamara, Douglas Luiz, Lucas Digne; Moussa Diaby, Ollie Watkins, John McGinn.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Robin Olsen, Youri Tielemans, Bertrand Traore, Calum Chambers, Clement Lenglet, Nicolo Zaniolo, John Duran, Leon Bailey, Leander Dendoncker.
Wolves are unchanged from last week's win over the champions, for which O'Neil reverted to a back three. Toti, who got the winner in this exact fixture in May as Julen Lopetegui's Wolves made certain of Premier League survival, keeps his place alongside Kilman and Dawson. The only alteration comes on the bench, where City loanee Doyle replaces Joe Hodge. Jean-Ricner Bellegarde serves the last game of his three-match ban.
Having rotated for Villa's midweek win in Europe, Emery makes six changes to his lineup for this one. Last week's hat-trick hero Watkins joins Cash, Luiz, Torres, Kamara and Diaby – who has overcome a knock – in returning to the team. Lenglet, Bailey, Tielemans, Zaniolo, Duran and former Wolves man Dendoncker all drop to the bench. It looks like Emery might match Wolves' 3-4-3 shape here, though it could be that Cash plays a more advanced role – we'll find out soon enough!
Across every team's last 20 Premier League games ahead of matchday eight, only Manchester City (52) won more points than Aston Villa's 42 (W13 D3 L4). Will they maintain their strong run here, or will the formbook go out of the window on derby day? We're about to find out – kick-off is fast approaching!
We're under way in the Molineux sunshine as Wolves get the ball rolling on derby day!
Kilman finds the run of Semedo with a lovely floated ball down the right, and the wing-back is supported by Neto. However, McGinn blocks his initial cross and Wolves fail to make anything of the resulting throw-in.
Villa, donning their white away kit, are put under pressure as Hwang chases a pass back to Martinez. The World Cup winner finds Konsa on the right, who draws a foul from Cunha.
Villa win the first corner of the game as Digne gets down the left to cross, and the bouncing ball is headed behind by Ait-Nouri with Cash lurking at the far post.
Digne goes short to Diaby after the referee has a word with Lemina and Torres, who were wrestling inside the six-yard box. Diaby's cross is flicked towards Torres at the back, but he's caught offside as he struggles to keep the ball in play.
Luiz looks to turn Toti on the edge of the box, but the Wolves man wins the ball to initiate a counter-attack. Kamara pulls Cunha back on halfway and receives the game's first yellow card.
GREAT SAVE! Villa should be 1-0 up as McGinn floats a cross over to Cash, who is attacking the far post. He meets it with a well-struck volley, but Sa is equal to it to turn it past his near post!
Close! The corner is worked short again, and Diaby's cross is cleared as far as McGinn. He takes aim from 30 yards out, and his strike barely whistles past Sa's left-hand post. That was a close call!
Villa look to have started with a back four when in possession, with Cash pushing high and Konsa covering for the Poland international at right-back. It's a flexible system, however, so we'll see if it changes as the game progresses.
McGinn is fortunate to avoid being penalised for a challenge on Semedo, as he looked to have a handful of the wing-back's shirt as he slid in to win a throw-in. The ball is swiftly recovered by Wolves, however.
The early exchanges have been played at a high tempo, as you'd expect of any derby game. Gomes presses high to steal possession for Wolves, before seeing a shot clatter off his own man and behind for a goal kick.
Wolves have won three of their last four Premier League games against Villa (one draw in January), as many as in their first 12 against them beforehand (four draws, five defeats). Toti's goal was the difference when these teams last met here in May.
Villa enjoyed most of the possession early on, with Wolves sitting back in their 3-4-3 shape. The hosts are enjoying a better spell on the ball now, however.
Gomes finds Neto with a searching pass out to the right, and the in-form winger skips past McGinn before being fouled by the Scot. Wolves have a free-kick near the right corner of the box, which Neto looks set to deliver into the penalty area.
After some more pushing and pulling leads to another talking-to from the referee, Neto delivers his free-kick towards Toti at the back. It's just too high for the Portuguese defender, however, and it runs out of play.
Over! Diaby faces up to Ait-Nouri on the right of the Wolves box before picking out McGinn on the edge of the D. He has space and time to shoot, but he lifts his effort comfortably over Sa's goal.
Konsa drives forward to win a corner on the Villa right. It's cleared and Wolves break through the energetic Cunha, who crosses behind off Diego Carlos for a corner at the other end.
McGinn has gone down holding his face under absolutely no contact from Dawson, as the players await the set-piece delivery. It's far to say the Molineux crowd aren't taking kindly to that.
Neto's delivery is overhit, but Gomes keeps it alive and Wolves eventually win another set-piece as Konsa clears behind ahead of Dawson.
Now Dawson is down in the box ahead of the corner being taken. Referee Robert Jones has yet another conversation with those involved before Neto swings the set-piece in… and beyond everyone.
Semedo looks for the run of Hwang with a cute ball in behind, but it's just cut out ahead of the South Korea star. This is a better spell for the hosts, who started slowly.
Hwang has scored five of Wolves' last nine Premier League goals. Nine of his overall 12 goals in the competition have either drawn Wolves level (two) or put them one goal ahead (seven). Can he make another telling contribution here?
Cash wins possession from Ait-Nouri before looking for Watkins' run in behind the home defence, but captain Kilman comes across to make a crucial interception and stop the attack at source.
Dawson goes into the book now, stepping out of defence to challenge Watkins from behind and catching the Villa striker's heel.
It's definitely a hybrid system for Villa, with Konsa, Diego Carlos and Torres spreading wide as a back three in certain spells of possession. In other moments, Digne drops in and Konsa pushes across to right-back, allowing Cash to play high.
McGinn goes into the book for catching Neto late on the touchline, leaving the winger in a heap off the pitch. McGinn and Dawson have been getting stuck in so far, but now both men are walking a disciplinary tightrope.
We're past the half-hour mark on Molineux, and it's been a start high on intensity and application but low on quality in the final third. Cash's early volley – kept out by Sa – remains the best chance.
Villa have lost five of their last six away games against Wolves in the Premier League and the Championship, winning the other 1-0 in the 2020-21 Premier League season, behind closed doors.
CHANCE! Lemina wins possession on the edge of Villa's box before offloading to Hwang on his left. Hwang drives a low cross into Ait-Nouri, who just gets too much whip on his finish and sees it bend away from the far corner. That's Wolves' best opening yet.
Ait-Nouri is down and in need of treatment on halfway following a collision with Cash. The Villa man's shoulder appeared to crash into Ait-Nouri's face. There was no ill intent, but it's a painful one.
Both coaches take the chance to pass on instructions to their players as Ait-Nouri continues to receive medical attention. The Algeria international is now back on his feet.
Ait-Nouri will have to leave the pitch momentarily, but it looks like he's going to play on. Wolves restart the game, temporarily playing with 10 men.
Villa win a free-kick deep inside their own half and Ait-Nouri can re-enter the field of play.
Semedo catches Digne with a high foot on halfway and concedes a free-kick. On second viewing, both men had raised their boots and there was little real contact. There referee opts against brandishing a card.
The game is becoming stretched now as Kilman shows excellent composure to feed Lemina, who advances across halfway. He eventually loses possession, however, and Cunha breaks up the counter-attack with a tactical foul.
Diego Carlos advances forward from the back but becomes frustrated by a lack of movement, gesticulating furiously at his team-mates. McGinn goes over the top to Digne, but Kilman comes across to halt his advance.
Villa are gifted a corner as Luiz's volley takes a massive deflection before looping high into the air. It takes a big bounce upon landing, preventing Sa from keeping it in play.
CHANCE! The corner is only headed as far as Luiz, who lines up a shot from just inside the area. He strikes it low, but two gold shirts converge on him to make a crucial block.
We're into a minimum of four minutes of first-half stoppage time, as McGinn shoves Semedo over to concede a foul in Wolves territory.
Hwang latches onto Kilman's outstanding pass over the top, but he's just forced out to the left side of the box. He looks to volley it across with Neto and Cunha joining him, but Konsa makes the block and Villa clear the second ball.
HALF-TIME: WOLVES 0-0 ASTON VILLA.
The half-time whistle sounds at Molineux, and it's still goalless in this Midlands derby between Wolves and Aston Villa. There has been plenty of effort from both teams, but neither has created much by way of clear-cut chances, with just one shot on target being recorded overall. That came early on as Cash met McGinn's cross with a firm volley at the back post, only for Sa to keep it out. Wolves have shown plenty of tenacity but struggled at the other end, with Ait-Nouri missing their best chance after good work from Lemina and Hwang. More to come after the break!
Wolves have managed two shots to Villa's eight so far, failing to hit the target, though seven of the visitors' efforts have also been wayward, and half of them came from outside the area. Both teams have been pretty risk-averse so far, but will that change as the game goes on? Don't go anywhere, we'll be back shortly.
Wolves have made a half-time substitution, likely an enforced one after Ait-Nouri's earlier head injury. Doherty come on in a makeshift left wing-back role, with Hugo Bueno absent.
Villa get the ball rolling for the second half. Can either team step things up in the final third after a pretty tame first 45 minutes?
SA DENIES WATKINS! Big chance for Villa as McGinn flashes a low cross into the path of Watkins. An outstanding touch with the outside of his boot helps it goalwards, but Sa tips it over the top with an acrobatic stop!
Villa's resulting corner is cleared, then play stops as Hwang is caught and goes down with a head injury on the Wolves right.
Only Erling Haaland (23) and Harry Kane (17) have scored more Premier League goals than Watkins in 2023 (16). He went so close to the opening goal there, but Sa made a brilliant reflex save!
Hwang is still down and receiving treatment after appearing to be caught with a flailing arm by Luiz. It was certainly unintentional from the Villa man.
Hwang slowly climbs back to his feet. He's been patched up after being caught on the nose, and he'll have to step off the pitch temporarily as Villa restart.
Cash takes advantage of a mix-up between Toti and Doherty at the far post to receive a high cross. His volley goes straight into the ground and Dawson can help it over for a corner.
Over! McGinn's inswinging delivery is a decent one, but Luiz can't keep his header down from 10 yards out.
GOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLLLL!!! HWANG FOR WOLVES! 1-0! It's another goal for the South Korea international, and another assist for Neto! Neto receives a pass into feet just inside Villa's half before bursting past Torres to reach the byline. He knocks a simple ball across the face of goal, and Hwang darts across the front post to tap it home!
That's Neto's fifth assist of the season, and it came from a run so similar to that which forced Ruben Dias' own goal last week!
GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLL! TORRES LEVELS IMMEDIATELY! Wolves' lead did not last long! Villa win a deep free-kick, which is hoisted in by Luiz and only cleared as far as Watkins. He digs out a first-time cross to the far post, where Torres slides in to poke it across goal and past Sa! 1-1!
Watkins has his second assist in as many Premier League games. His left-footed cross was perfectly placed for Torres to bundle the ball home.
Out of absolutely nowhere, this game has burst into life. We only had one shot on target in the first half, but we've seen two hit the net within 10 minutes of the restart.
Wolves win a free-kick in a crossing position on the left. Neto's delivery is cleared but Wolves keep the pressure on and Diaby and Cash have to combine to stop another Neto cross.
Semedo steps ahead of Watkins to stop a long ball from floating in behind, then Dawson flies into a brilliant challenge to send the ball back towards Sa. Watkins clatters into him as he does so and both players go down, but they're swiftly back to their feet and okay to continue.
Wolves aren't happy as Semedo is penalised for a challenge on McGinn, with the ball breaking neatly for Cunha after the Wolves wing-back appeared to make clean contact. Villa can build from the free-kick.
Lemina goes into the book for a late challenge on McGinn in midfield.
Emery makes his first change and it comes in attack as Zaniolo replaces Diaby.
A deep free-kick from Luiz is nodded behind by Dawson with Diego Carlos lurking. Villa win a corner on their left flank, but Luiz's delivery is headed out by Kilman at the far post.
Wolves goalscorer Hwang is down again, this time holding his throat following a collision involving Luiz off the ball. We've just seen the replay, and Luiz unwisely pushed his hands into the attacker. VAR will take a look at this incident…
NO RED CARD. The VAR decides against advising a pitch-side review, which appears the right call as the contact was minimal. However, Luiz took a risk by raising his hands and will be breathing a sigh of relief.
Wolves break in menacing fashion as Neto cuts inside from the right. His low cross is cleared and Zaniolo can break, but Semedo hauls him down just short of the halfway line.
Semedo is booked for that foul on Zaniolo.
Strong play from Hwang, who escapes a tight position with some neat footwork to get Wolves moving forward. Cunha is the target of a long ball forward, but Martinez can claim it untroubled.
O'Neil opts for a change in midfield, with Boubacar Traore replacing Gomes, who has been tidy here.
We're into the final 20 minutes of the 90 and this Midlands derby remains delicately poised. Are there further twists and turns to come?
Neto charges between two challenges to enter the box before going down and throwing his arms aloft, but the referee is not interested in his protests. He looked to go down somewhat softly with Diego Carlos and Kamara chasing him.
We've just seen that penalty appeal back, and there was very little in it. It was another electrifying run from Neto, however. What a season he's having!
HOW IS IT NOT 2-1?! Semedo breaks in behind and the flag surprisingly stays down. He sends Torres down by rolling his studs over the ball, then shoots straight at Martinez on his weaker left foot! There was certainly a question of offside there, but he still should have put the ball in the net.
McGinn scoops a pass out to Digne, who keeps it in play to hook a cross into the area. Boubacar Traore meets it with a booming clearance, sending two Villa players down and provoking protests from the away fans, but there was nothing in that.
O'Neil freshens up his attack now as towering striker Kalajdzic replaces Cunha.
Cunha, as ever, got through plenty of work off the ball in this game and helped drag his team up the pitch a few times. The arrival of six-foot-seven striker Kalajdzic might signal a new approach from Wolves.
MASSIVE CHANCE FOR WOLVES! That should have been 2-1! Kalajdzic times his run to perfection to reach Hwang's pass in behind before sending an early low cross in for Neto. Neto only has Martinez to beat, but he lifts his rushed attempt over on his weaker right foot. Big let-off for Villa!
Emery is about to make some changes as we enter the final 10 minutes of regular time. Bailey is one of two Villa substitutes preparing to enter the action.
The home fans appeal for handball as Watkins brings down a long pass forwards, but the referee declines to blow his whistle. Watkins gets into the area before seeing his cross cut out by Kilman, but Kalajdzic subsequently concedes a free-kick in the right-back position.
Bailey comes on in place of Cash on the Villa right.
Tielemans is also sent on, with Kamara making way.
McGinn's free-kick is delivered nicely with Diego Carlos attacking it, but it's a gold shirt that gets there first to clear.
Chance! Wolves break through Neto once again. This time, he cuts inside before offloading to Kaladjzic, whose shot lacks power and is blocked by a white shirt. Lemina then goes for goal from range, but Martinez can fall on it to his left.
There's a brief stoppage now with both Hwang and Zaniolo down. Zaniolo looks like he'll attempt to continue, but Silva looks set to replace the Wolves goalscorer from the bench.
Silva replaces Hwang as O'Neil makes his fourth substitution.
We're into the last five minutes here as Villa restart the game through Martinez, and it's still all to play for between these Midlands rivals!
Doherty steps inside after taking down Toti's pass before shaping to shoot… but a white shirt gets a foot in and Silva fouls Bailey as they contest the loose ball.
Kilman slices a clearance to give Zaniolo a second chance to cross from the left, but the Wolves captain recovers to block the delivery at source, then Zaniolo fouls Semedo in the corner.
The home fans are urging their team on as Traore almost intercepts a lax pass from Martinez. Silva is then penalised for a foul as he looks to chase a long ball down the left channel.
Wow, we weren't expecting that! There will be 12 minutes of stoppage time at Molineux! Injuries to the likes of Hwang, Zaniolo and Ait-Nouri have contributed to that total.
BIG CHANCE! Watkins gets in behind Doherty inside the Wolves area before pulling the trigger… but he only hits the side netting! There's a brief VAR check to ascertain whether Doherty clipped the England striker, but that is swiftly cleared.
RED CARD FOR LEMINA! WOLVES ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN! Lemina surges over halfway before mistiming a pass towards Neto, allowing Zaniolo to intercept. The Italian darts forward, and Lemina is penalised for pulling him back by his shorts. The referee has no choice but to show a second yellow card!
Luiz sends a wild 30-yard strike well wide. Villa still have seven minutes to play against numerically depleted opponents – can they make it count?
Lemina received a good ovation from the Wolves fans as he embarked on the long walk to the dressing room. He will miss Wolves' trip to Bournemouth after the international break, though he would have done so regardless of his second booking after bringing up five for the season with his first.
Wolves are struggling to hold onto the ball since Lemina's red card. Neto is filling in as an auxiliary midfielder as O'Neil has used up his three substitution windows.
We've got four minutes to go as Villa patiently probe for an opening. McGinn holds off his man to tee up Luiz, but a Wolves shirt gets their to block his low effort. That was a huge intervention! Corner for Villa.
SO CLOSE! The corner is flicked on to the back post, where Zaniolo hooks a right-footed volley back across goal. Sa is rooted to the spot… but it just rolls wide of the bottom-right corner!
Semedo takes his time over a throw-in on the right, before committing a foul throw! The ball is back with Villa as we enter the last two minutes of stoppage time.
BIG SAVE FROM SA! McGinn backs into Toti to hold the ball up for Luiz, who finds Digne to his left. The Frenchman cuts it back for Konsa, whose left-footed finish is blocked by the Wolves goalkeeper!
OFF THE POST! INCREDIBLE! Watkins almost wins it with the last touch of the game! The referee lets the contest tick into the 103rd minute as Digne crosses from the left. It's a beautiful delivery which is nodded downwards by Watkins, and it bounces off the base of the post! Wolves escape with a point.
FULL-TIME: WOLVES 1-1 ASTON VILLA.
Yellow Card Saša Kalajdžić
The referee blows for full-time, and 10-man Wolves survive a Villa onslaught to take a point from this fiercely contested Midlands derby at Molineux! Villa missed the only real chance of a drab first half as Sa denied Cash, but the game exploded into life after the restart. Another incredible solo run from Neto allowed Hwang to put Wolves ahead, but that lead was short-lived as Torres prodded in the equaliser. Watkins and Neto exchanged misses before Lemina put Wolves' hopes in danger with a second yellow card in stoppage time, and Wolves had to ride their luck through 12 additional minutes. Sa denied Konsa from close range, then Watkins headed against the post at the death. A dramatic game finishes all square!
That result takes Wolves to eight points from as many games to kick off the 2023-24 season, a tally O'Neil may be content with given his team have already played five of last term's top seven. They are 14th going into the international break, while Villa are fifth with 16 points, above Brighton on goal difference after the Seagulls drew 2-2 with Liverpool.
We hope you've enjoyed our coverage of another hard-fought Premier League encounter. It's goodbye from us for now, and we'll see you next time!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League game between Bournemouth and Wolves at the Vitality Stadium!
Still seeking their first Premier League victory of the season, Bournemouth are one of only two teams yet to win in the English top flight this term. The Cherries have recently suffered three successive league defeats, conceding nine goals in the process; with a 3-0 loss at Everton deepening their woes just before the international break. Indeed, Andoni Iraola's side have scored as many goals in two EFL Cup games as in eight league matches so far (five). While Bournemouth have won just one of their six Premier League meetings with Wolves, it was the clubs' most recent encounter, at Molineux in February.
Wolves may have won just one of their six away games against Bournemouth in the league, but they are unbeaten at the Vitality Stadium in Premier League fixtures. After a run of six losses from eight top-flight matches, the West Midlands club have since gone undefeated in their last three, most recently playing out a 1-1 draw with Aston Villa before international football intervened. However, they have won just one of their last 12 away games in the league ahead of today's contest, in which head coach Gary O’Neil reconvenes with his former employers.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Max Aarons, Lloyd Kelly, Illia Zabarnyi, Milos Kerkez; Lewis Cook, Alex Scott; Marcus Tavernier, Philip Billing, David Brooks; Dominic Solanke.
SUBS: Ionut Radu, Adam Smith, Joe Rothwell, Marcos Senesi, Kieffer Moore, Dango Ouattara, Ryan Christie, Justin Kluivert, Antoine Semenyo.
WOLVES (3-4-3): Jose Sa; Max Kilman, Craig Dawson, Toti Gomes; Matt Doherty, Boubacar Traore, Joao Gomes, Rayan Ait Nouri; Pedro Neto, Matheus Cunha, Hwang Hee-Chan.
SUBS: Daniel Bentley, Tommy Doyle, Fabio Silva, Sasa Kalajdzic, Santiago Bueno, Nathan Fraser, Joe Hodge, Jonny Castro Otto, Pablo Sarabia.
Though Tyler Adams has been ruled out for the rest of the year, fellow midfielder Scott makes his Bournemouth debut today. The latter has been sidelined with a knee injury, but now plays for the first time since joining from Bristol City. In all, Iraola makes four changes from the loss to Everton, as Aarons, Brooks and Kelly also come in.
Meanwhile, Wolves have had to make two changes to the team that drew with Aston Villa, as both Nelson Semedo and Mario Lemina are ruled out by suspension; Doherty and Traore are promoted to the starting XI. Five-goal top scorer Hwang features in the visitors' attacking trident, alongside Neto and Cunha.
The players are out on the pitch, and kick-off at the Vitality Stadium is now just moments away!
The home side kick off, and we are under way in Bournemouth!
Making his first Premier League start today, Scott picks up the ball in Wolves' half and tries to pick out Tavernier's run down the left, but Kilman cuts it out and kills Bournemouth's attack stone dead.
Solanke slips the ball across to Tavernier just outside the box, and when the latter rolls it across for Brooks, arriving on the right side of the area, the Wales international can only shoot tamely straight at Sa.
OFF THE BAR! A mazy run inside from the right by Pedro Neto ends with a stunning strike towards the top corner, but his effort crashes back off the crossbar! Cunha then prods the follow-up straight at Neto! Bournemouth escape!
Wolves continue to push forward, having been boosted by coming so close to an opening goal, but Bournemouth then break at speed before becoming bogged down in central midfield.
Not only have Bournemouth failed to win any of their last 12 Premier League games, dating back to the end of April, they are also without a home victory in their last six league games at the Vitality Stadium. Can they finally end both streaks today?
From near the right byline, Pedro Neto picks up a lovely throughball by Kilman, but his cross towards Hwang in the centre is overhit and ultimately drifts out of play on the left-hand side.
Traore lets fly with a speculative shot from outside the box, which Zabarnyi heads wide for a corner. After a couple of attempts at delivering a dangerous cross, Wolves see their attack ended when Neto is then able to dive low and gather the loose ball.
Just as it seems Bournemouth are about to breach the Wolves defence, Billing takes a heavy touch around 20 yards from goal and the ball bobbles away from him. As the home fans groan, he bows his head in frustration.
BOURNEMOUTH LEAD! The Cherries strike first! Played in by Brooks on the right side of the area, Billing receives the ball and cuts it across for Solanke, who cutely slots in his fifth goal of the season! It's a fine flicked finish to a lovely move: 1-0!
Getting his head up in the area and picking out Solanke's run, Billing's low pass sets up Bournemouth's opener.
Solanke has now been involved in five of Bournemouth's six Premier League goals this season (four of his own and one assist), boasting the highest ratio of any player in the division this term.
Arriving just too late to steal the ball, opening goalscorer Solanke is penalised for a clear foul on Dawson just outside Wolves' area, and that will be a free-kick to the away side.
Traore is too eager to win the ball off Solanke in midfield, and the Wolves midfielder brings his opponent tumbling down to the turf. It's another free-kick, as a previously wide-open game starts to lose its momentum.
Cunha sends a simple crossfield pass to Doherty on the right touchline straight out of play, and both men make it clear to each other that they think they weren't personally at fault. It's more frustration for Wolves.
Though Doherty manages to block Cook's driving run towards the area, Solanke picks the ball up and nearly forces his way through into a shooting position. However, nothing ultimately comes of the situation.
CLOSE! Sweeping forward at speed, Pedro Neto reaches the edge of Bournemouth's area and lays the ball off for Cunha on the left. Instead of shooting, though, the latter inexplicably pulls it back towards his colleague and allows Billing to block it behind for a corner. What a waste!
Kelly is harshly penalised for felling Doherty as Wolves try to break down the right, and a free-kick is awarded to the visitors, who have yet to manage a shot on target - although Pedro Neto did strike the crossbar.
Too concerned about keeping his hands behind his back in an effort to avoid conceding a penalty, Kerkez fails to close Pedro Neto down just inside Bournemouth's box. He is spared, though, as the Wolves winger fires well over the top.
Sending Cunha sprawling out on the touchline, Zabarnyi commits a clear foul and leaves his opponent needing medical treatment. That's the first booking of the game.
After being assisted by the Wolves medics, Cunha is able to continue and resumes his role up front for the visitors. The action resumes.
After Dawson does well to nod behind a dangerous cross from the left by Tavernier, the ball is then delivered in from the right by the latter. Once again, Dawson dominates in the air.
From the right, Pedro Neto swings in a whipped corner-kick to the back post, but Dawson's header strikes Kelly and bounces behind for another corner. Nothing comes of it.
Launching a counter-attack, Cunha drives forward through the middle and slides a low pass through for Pedro Neto. However, the latter then curls his cross straight at Neto between the sticks, and the Bournemouth captain gratefully grasps hold of the ball.
For showing dissent towards the referee, Cunha is shown a yellow card.
Proceedings are halted again, as Dawson is left down on the turf and requires medical attention. He looks in some discomfort here.
Dawson trots back onto the pitch as four minutes of first-half stoppage time are indicated by the fourth official. Can Wolves finally force a shot on target, or perhaps even level matters before the break?
Caught flat-footed by Doherty's surge inside, Kerkez wipes his opponent out with a rugged challenge and is booked by the referee.
Catching Tavernier with an ill-timed sliding challenge in midfield, Kilman becomes the latest player to see yellow flashed his way. That's now four bookings in this first half.
HALF-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 1-0 WOLVES
Following a sluggish start, during which Wolves struck the crossbar, Bournemouth's most fluent move of the match produced a goal that separates the sides at half-time. Once again, the Cherries' talisman Solanke found a neat finish to put them in front, and the visitors have failed to truly test Neto at the other end. Before today's game, no team had conceded more first-half goals in the Premier League than Bournemouth, so Iraola will be relieved to keep a clean sheet thus far; O'Neil has plenty of thinking to do at the break.
Bournemouth are unbeaten in their last three Premier League matches when leading at the interval, winning on all three occasions; however, this season's evidence suggests it could still be a nervy 45 minutes ahead for the home side, who are yet to take maximum points in 2023-24.
Wolves have made a midfield change at half-time, as Doyle comes in for Gomes.
Wolves kick off, and we are back under way in Bournemouth!
WOLVES LEVEL IT! Straight after the break, substitute Doyle feeds Pedro Neto, who embarks on a driving run through the centre. He puts Bournemouth's defence on the back foot, and plays in Cunha to steer home the equaliser! He finds the top corner: 1-1!
Pedro Neto records his sixth assist of the season - already equalling his personal best - by sprinting forward through the middle and playing in Cunha to score.
After Dawson wins the ball in midfield, it breaks to an enlivened Cunha, who snaps a 20-yard shot straight at his Brazilian compatriot Neto in the Bournemouth goal. Wolves have certainly torn into their hosts since half-time!
As Wolves continue to push forward, Aarons has to turn the ball behind for a corner. Neto punches it well clear from inside his six-yard box, and Bournemouth eventually clear their lines.
The red mist descends and a red card results: Cook responds to Hwang's shove by landing a headbutt on his opponent. He's off, and Bournemouth go down to 10 men!
For his part in Cook's dismissal - twice barging his opponent - Hwang is shown a yellow card.
It's all unravelled following the break, and Bournemouth are in danger of imploding now. Already a man down, Scott charges into a reckless challenge and concedes a free-kick. From Pedro Neto's set-piece, Hwang heads the ball well over.
Forced to change tack, Iraola makes a double substitution: first, Brooks makes way for Christie.
Bringing his Premier League debut to an early end, Scott is also withdrawn. Rothwell replaces him.
Cunha slides a ball through for Hwang down the left side of the area, but rather than shooting, he plays in Ait-Nouri, who has his shot blocked behind from a tight angle.
Not only have Wolves taken each of the last five shots in this game, their share of possession since half-time stands at 73 per cent. What a turnaround for the visitors!
Pedro Neto again pins Bournemouth back with a direct run, and after he delivers a cutback from the right byline, Kelly and then Kerkez intervene to scramble the ball away.
Billing concedes a corner by hanging out a leg when Hwang tries to guide through a pass for Pedro Neto inside the area. Then, Wolves earn another one, which also comes to nothing - this time due to a loose touch by Cunha.
It's still all Wolves: Cunha rises highest to meet Doherty's inswinging cross from the right, but he can only glance it wide from 10 yards out when a firmer header would have found the target.
Bournemouth's 10 men are stuck inside their own half, and they cannot seem to find any rhythm. It appears all they can hope to do is hang on grimly for a point, or perhaps steal a winner from a counter-attack or set-piece.
SAVE! Having been untested for the second half so far, Sa drops low to his right in order to keep out Christie's low strike! In truth, it lacked sufficient pace and precision to beat the Wolves goalkeeper, but at least Bournemouth are starting to pose more of a threat.
After Doyle zips a ball through to Cunha on the right side of the area, Kelly intervenes with a block. Solanke then clears the subsequent corner-kick away at the near post.
MISS! Following a sharp save by Neto, who dives right to paw away Cunha's 20-yard strike, Hwang has a chance to slot home the rebound but instead slices it well wide of the left-hand post! That's a good opportunity missed!
Bournemouth make their third change, as Tavernier is replaced on the wing by Ouattara.
O'Neil also takes the opportunity to make another substitution: Toti is off; Sarabia comes on.
Catching Bournemouth unaware with a corner-kick taken short and quick, Doyle finds Pedro Neto on the edge of the box, but the latter's shot is blocked by a fast-closing Christie. That'll be Wolves' 11th corner of this match.
Billing is penalised for a clear foul on Doyle in midfield, but as he rather sheepishly retreats, the referee decides against dipping into his pocket again. No booking, it's just a free-kick.
MISS! At the end of a lovely multiple-pass move, Ait-Nouri receives the ball on the left byline and pulls it back towards the penalty spot, where Pedro Neto is waiting. Failing to get his body lined up for the shot, the Wolves forward can only swipe the ball over the crossbar!
Wolves goalscorer Cunha departs as O'Neil makes a change up front, seeking a late winner. Kalajdzic comes on to replace him.
Arriving a little too late into a 50-50 challenge with Rothwell, Traore clips his opponent and sees yellow as a result.
Iraola plays his final two cards: first, Senesi comes on for Kerkez.
A straight swap up front sees Moore replace Solanke.
After popping up unexpectedly on the edge of Bournemouth's box, Dawson curls a tame shot straight at Neto - it was always unlikely he'd score from there.
The home side have not given up hope of a first Premier League win just yet: Rothwell has a shot blocked, then Billing sees the follow-up saved by Sa.
WOLVES GO IN FRONT! It's an awful goal for Bournemouth to give away! Once Neto plays his team into trouble with a foolish pass out from his six-yard box, Hwang pounces and then plays in Kalajdzic. The substitute makes an almost immediate impact, striding through to beat Bournemouth's skipper with a cool finish into the bottom-right corner! It's 2-1 to Wolves!
Hwang gets the assist as Wolves turn the game around by slipping a neat pass into the path of Kalajdzic, who finishes coolly!
Due to timewasting, Pedro Neto joins a long list of players in the referee's notebook.
The ball rolls towards Sarabia on the left side of the area, but he can only shoot timidly at Neto. Then, he becomes involved in an argument with Aarons.
Following a needless coming-together with Aarons deep inside Bournemouth's half, Sarabia is booked by the referee.
Shortly after scoring what could be the winner, Kalajdzic has to head away Bournemouth's second successive corner, for which goalkeeper Neto had wandered up from the back, seeking redemption for his mistake at the other end.
With one minute of stoppage time remaining, Bournemouth are desperately trying to send the ball forward. However, Wolves keep winning possession back and are in no hurry to use it.
FULL-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 1-2 WOLVES
Turning the game on its head following half-time, Wolves consign Bournemouth to another home defeat, as they fight back to win 2-1 after trailing at the break. The visitors came out snarling from the start of the second half, and goals from Cunha and his replacement Kalajdzic saw them over the line against depleted opponents. Cook's moment of madness reduced the Cherries to 10 men, and despite a few flashes of danger at the other end, Wolves were able to secure a much-needed three points. While Bournemouth meet Burnley next time out in a contest that could prove crucial for both teams' hopes of survival, Wolves will host Newcastle United in seven days' time. That's all from the Vitality Stadium today, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Aston Villa and West Ham at Villa Park.
The hosts have picked up 16 points from their eight Premier League games this season, their highest tally at this stage of the competition since the 2009-10 campaign, and they will leapfrog Newcastle United into fifth if they avoid defeat here. They have been formidable at home of late, winning their last 10 Premier League games at Villa Park.
The Hammers are also enjoying a strong start to the season, currently ninth but with the opportunity to go as high as fifth with a victory in this game. They have had the upper hand in this fixture in recent years, unbeaten in 10 Premier League meetings between the sides, and David Moyes will be looking to come out on top against Villa again here.
ASTON VILLA (4-4-2): Emiliano Martinez; Ezri Konsa, Boubacar Kamara, Pau Torres, Lucas Digne; Matty Cash, Nicolo Zaniolo, Douglas Luiz, John McGinn; Moussa Diaby, Ollie Watkins.
SUBS: Calum Chambers, Bertrand Traore, Omari Kellyman, Robin Olsen, Leander Dendoncker, Diego Carlos, Youri Tielemans, Clement Lenglet, Leon Bailey.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Kurt Zouma, Nayef Aguerd, Emerson; James Ward-Prowse, Edson Alvarez; Jarrod Bowen, Tomas Soucek, Lucas Paqueta; Michail Antonio.
SUBS: Konstantinos Mavropanos, Angelo Ogbonna, Mohammed Kudus, Divin Mubama, Danny Ings, Said Benrahma, Thilo Kehrer, Pablo Fornals, Lukasz Fabianski.
Unai Emery makes just the one change from his team's last outing, a 1-1 draw away at Wolves before the international break, as Zaniolo comes in for Carlos while Kamara moves to centre-back.
Moyes names an unchanged starting XI from the side that drew 2-2 with Newcastle last time out as Antonio continues to lead the line, supported by Bowen, who has scored in all four of West Ham's away league games this season.
The two teams make their way onto the pitch at Villa Park ahead of this huge Premier League game.
The visitors kick us off and we are underway!
Martinez makes a great save to deny Bowen, though a delayed flag goes up for offside and the goal would not have counted anyway.
It has been a lively start at Villa Park, with both teams looking to get on top of the early exchanges.
West Ham have named the same starting XI in five consecutive Premier League games for the first time since the 1993-94 season, when they named the same starting XI in six consecutive Premier League games.
Douglas Luiz gets down the right before fizzing a cross into the penalty area, though the delivery is too close to Areola and the West Ham goalkeeper intercepts it.
10 minutes on the clock at Villa Park, and neither side has been able to fashion a real clear-cut chance so far.
Bowen wriggles into the Villa box, but he gets himself in a bit of a tangle and nudges the ball out of play.
SAVE! Douglas Luiz's curling effort from distance looks to be flying into the top corner, until Areola makes an acrobatic stop to tip it wide at full stretch. That is the closest either team has come so far.
Bowen's dipping drive is gathered relatively comfortably by Martinez down to his right.
A neat move gives Digne the ball on the left of the box, but his cross is cut out by a well-placed Ward-Prowse.
WHAT A MISS! Another slick passage of play sees Diaby pick out Watkins, who takes a touch before lashing at goal. It looks like he cannot miss, but he somehow manages to fire past the left post and harmlessly wide. That is a huge let-off for the visitors!
West Ham have won their last three league matches at Villa Park, but they have never won four consecutive league matches away at Villa.
The Villans are on top at the moment, with West Ham largely penned back deep in their own half. Can the hosts take advantage of this spell of pressure?
Villa have lost their last three Premier League home games against West Ham, as many as they had in their first 21 against them (nine wins, nine draws).
25 minutes gone at Villa Park and while the hosts have been on top, they have not yet found a way through this Hammers defence.
Diaby drags a shot well wide of the target from 25 yards out. A player of his quality will expect to have done better there.
GOAL!!! DOUGLAS LUIZ FIRES VILLA IN FRONT!!! The hosts have been on top and now they have netted the opener, with Watkins showing great composure to cut the ball back for Douglas Luiz. The midfielder hits it first time, and while Areola gets down to his right to try and save, the power on the effort takes it in to put the hosts 1-0 up!
Watkins did well to play the ball back for Douglas Luiz to lash home.
Villa are smelling blood here as Watkins blasts a shot into the side netting, before McGinn's deflected shot goes over moments later.
Douglas Luiz has scored in each of his last six Premier League matches at Villa Park (six goals). He is the first Villa player to achieve this feat.
A nicely worked free-kick routine opens up the space for McGinn to shoot from distance, but the Scotland international fires well wide.
Although they lost their last away league game 3-1 at Liverpool, West Ham have won two of their last three such matches, as many as their previous 18 on the road beforehand (four draws, 12 defeats).
Alvarez's powerful drive comes off the arm of Konsa, inches away from penalty area. Villa have been very fortunate there, though Ward-Prowse is standing over the resulting free-kick.
Ward-Prowse, usually so dangerous from dead-ball situations, sends his free-kick off the wall, much to the home fans' relief.
Antonio's shot from a tight angle smashes into the side netting. It has been a decent spell for the Hammers, though they remain a goal down.
There will be two minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
HALF-TIME: ASTON VILLA 1-0 WEST HAM
Villa take a deserved 1-0 lead into the break after Douglas Luiz netted for the sixth home Premier League game in a row to put them ahead. They had been threatening, and with half an hour gone, Watkins cut the ball back for Douglas Luiz to thump home. The midfielder had already gone close with a long-range curler, while Watkins spurned a golden opportunity shortly after as he shot wide. West Ham improved before the break, though they have it all to do in the second half if they are to come away with a result.
His team did show signs of life late in that first half, but Moyes will surely be very unhappy with his side's display so far. He has options on the bench with the likes of Kudus and Benrahma, so how long will he leave it before looking to his substitutes?
The hosts get the ball rolling again for the second half.
Douglas Luiz's first-half opener was his 15th Premier League goal, which takes him to number 15 on the list of Brazilians with the most goals in the competition, above Robinho, Elano, Geovanni and David Luiz (all on 14).
PENALTY TO VILLA!!! Paqueta gives the ball away in a terrible area and Konsa races onto it, taking a touch towards the byline. Alvarez tries to nip the ball away from Konsa but ends up taking the former Brentford man out, and the referee takes a moment before pointing to the spot!
DOUGLAS LUIZ SCORES FROM THE SPOT!!! The midfielder grabs his second of the game as he smashes his penalty down the middle, and Villa are 2-0 up! It is a long way back for West Ham now.
No player in the Premier League this season has scored more penalties than Douglas Luiz's three (level with Mohamed Salah).
Emerson cynically wipes out Cash and receives a yellow card for his troubles. That is his fifth booking of the season and therefore, he will miss next weekend's game against Everton.
GOAL!!! WEST HAM ARE BACK IN IT!!! Bowen cuts onto his left foot before firing goalwards from outside the box, receiving a huge slice of luck as the shot takes a wicked deflection off Digne. It completely wrongfoots Martinez and flies into the bottom corner, and the score is now 2-1 to Villa!
Alvarez laid the ball off to Bowen before the deflection took the ball into the back of the net.
Bowen has joined Thierry Henry and Salah as the only players to score in each of their first five away appearances from the start of a season in the Premier League.
Half an hour left at Villa Park, and the hosts appear a little nervy having looked so comfortable prior to Bowen's goal. Can they steady the ship to secure the three points?
There is a brief pause in play for Zaniolo to receive treatment for a head injury, though he is swiftly back to his feet.
Cash makes a big block to nod Aguerd's acrobatic volley over the crossbar and out for a corner.
Bowen sends a header well over the crossbar from Ward-Prowse's corner delivery.
Moyes looks to his bench for the first time, bringing on Kudus for Soucek.
20 minutes to play at Villa Park, and the visitors are ramping up their search for an equaliser.
West Ham win a couple of corners in quick succession, though Emery's men are able to scramble them away as their 2-1 lead remains intact.
GOAL!!! WATKINS PUTS VILLA 3-1 UP!!! McGinn lofts a delightful throughball over the top for Watkins, who races onto it before a couple of stepovers create the space to let fly. The power on the strike gives Areola no chance, rifling into the foot of the net to potentially put this game beyond West Ham's reach!
McGinn's pass was excellent to pick out Watkins before the striker thumped home.
Emery makes his first change, replacing Zaniolo with Bailey.
Bowen has scored more Premier League goals against Villa than any other side with five. In his career across all competitions, he has only scored more goals against Preston North End and Queens Park Rangers - six goals against each.
Antonio stings the palms of Martinez with a fierce drive as the visitors try to find a way to reduce the deficit again.
Bowen is nearly the beneficiary of another deflection as his cross takes a nick before arrowing towards the top corner, though the ball goes the wrong side of the bar for West Ham and onto the roof of the net.
This is the second time Watkins has both scored and assisted in a Premier League game this season, the first player to do so more than once this term.
Emery makes a substitution as he looks to get his team over the line, with Tielemans coming on for Diaby.
Paqueta makes way for Ings.
No team in the Premier League has had more instances of a player scoring a brace or more this season than Villa with three. Watkins, Cash and Douglas Luiz have all scored two or more goals in a single league match this season.
GOAL!!! BAILEY MAKES IT 4-1!!! Just moments after coming off the bench, Bailey collects the ball off Tielemans before some nifty footwork takes him past Aguerd. He keeps his composure to fire past Areola to surely make the points safe.
Tielemans fed the ball into Bailey before he brilliantly did the rest.
Antonio is replaced by Fornals.
We are into seven minutes of additional time at the end of this game, and Villa are still pressing to add to the scoreline.
Kudus' shot from a difficult angle is easily saved by Martinez.
Coufal is down receiving treatment for a head injury after a coming-together with Digne.
After receiving some medical attention, Coufal is back on his feet and play has resumed.
FULL-TIME: ASTON VILLA 4-1 WEST HAM
The full-time whistle blows to bring a dominant Villa performance to an end as they claim a 4-1 win over West Ham, their first victory against the Hammers since the 2014-15 campaign. Douglas Luiz put Emery's men in control as he thumped home the opener with half an hour on the clock before scoring from the spot after Konsa was felled by Alvarez. West Ham did pull a goal back through Ward-Prowse's deflected strike, but Watkins would restore Villa's two-goal advantage with an emphatic finish before Bailey capped the win off the bench. The win takes Villa up to fifth, just two points off leaders Manchester City, while defeat means West Ham remain ninth. Both sides are in European action next week, when Villa travel to take on AZ in the Europa Conference League while the Hammers will play away at Olympiacos in the Europa League. That is all from us at Villa Park, so thanks for tuning in and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Brentford and Burnley at the Gtech Community Stadium!
Brentford haven't hit the heights that they managed to last season, after winning just one of their matches in all competitions so far (D5 L4), which was a 3-0 victory over Fulham in the second weekend of the Premier League. The Bees are currently winless in their last eight outings (D4 L4) and come into this on the back of a heartbreaking last-minute 2-1 defeat to Manchester United last time out.
Burnley are also struggling so far this season, having just one win on the board in the league since their promotion (D1 L6), and find themselves in the relegation zone. That lone victory came in their last away match though as they beat Luton Town 2-1 at Kenilworth Road but followed that up with a heavy 4-1 defeat to Chelsea just before the international break.
BRENTFORD STARTING XI (4-3-3): Mark Flekken; Kristoffer Ajer, Nathan Collins, Ethan Pinnock, Frank Onyeka; Mathias Jensen, Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt; Bryan Mbeumo, Yoane Wissa, Neal Maupay.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Saman Ghoddos, Zanka, Ben Mee, Mads Roerslev, Michael Olakigbe, Kim Ji-Soo, Thomas Strakosha, Ethan Brierley, Yehor Tarmoliuk.
BURNLEY STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): James Trafford; Connor Roberts, Ameen Al Dakhil, Dara O'Shea, Charlie Taylor; Sander Berge, Josh Cullen; Mike Tresor, Zeki Amdouni, Wilson Odobert; Lyle Foster.
BURNLEY SUBS: Josh Brownhill, Arjanet Muric, Hannes Delcroix, Luca Koleosho, Jack Cork, Nathan Redmond, Jay Rodriguez, Jacob Bruun Larsen, Anass Zaroury.
ThomasFrank makes three changes to the side that lost to Manchester United last time out. Flekken has recovered from illness to start in goal, with Onyeka and Maupay also coming in. Strakosha and Roerslev start on the bench, as does Mee after recovering from a calf injury. Aaron Hickey is suspended after getting his fifth booking of the season in that game.
Vincent Kompany also makes three changes from their defeat to Chelsea two weeks ago as Roberts, O'Shea and Amdouni are all brought in. Delcroix and Brownhill drop to the bench, where Redmond is also named after returning from injury. Vitinho isn't included in the squad.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Amdouni gets the game under way for Burnley!
CHANCE! Norgaard wins an early free-kick, and Jensen takes it quickly, sliding it into the right of the box for Maupay. He meets it first time but drills his shot wide of the far post.
Brentford have made a bright start to this game, and they're putting a lot of early pressure on Burnley. Mbeumo looks to thread it forward for Jensen this time, but the Dane just sets off too early.
It's better from Burnley here as they enjoy their first spell of possession. Trafford lifts it forward for Foster, who breezes past Onyeka before being stopped in his tracks by Norgaard.
NO GOAL! Mbeumo curls a deep free-kick into the far post and Collins stretches out a leg to volley it back across the face of goal. Maupay makes a late run across to turn it in from close range, but the flag goes up. VAR is having a look at this...
There were two Brentford players standing offside when the teams lined up for the free-kick, but it looked like Collins had timed his run. VAR agrees with the linesman that there was an offside in there and the onfield decision stands.
CLOSE! Burnley manage to pass their way through Brentford's compact midfield, and Tresor has a run down the right before cutting inside. He has a go from just outside the box, but drills his low shot wide of the near post.
Brentford won their last league game against Burnley 2-0 in May 2022, ending a run of four straight defeats against them. They last won back-to-back meetings with the Clarets in December 1996.
It's a poor pass out from the back by Pinnock as he gifts it straight to Tresor. There's no space down the right, so he switches out to the left before trying to lift a cross in, but it's cleared.
Three players are down here - Mbeumo was caught and the ball smacked Jensen in the face before Roberts hurt himself sliding in to block a run. All three are back on their feet without needing treatment though.
SAVE! It's cushioned out to Mbeumo on the right, and he floats a great cross into the middle where Onyeka has a completely free header. He can't generate any power in his header though, and it's a comfortable save for Trafford.
Burnley are asking for a penalty here as Tresor went down in the box under a challenge from Onyeka. It looked like the Nigerian lost his footing and slipped over, causing the trip to happen, and the referee waves play on.
Brentford are just starting to up the pressure again here as they push higher upfield. They're switching it from side to side in an attempt to open up Burnley.
GREAT BLOCK! Mbeumo's cross is half-cleared, and Janelt keeps it alive on the far side. The ball pinballs through the crowd before Norgaard stretches to volley a shot on goal, and O'Shea is in the right place to make the block.
WIDE! There's a nervy moment at the back for Burnley as it's played back to Trafford, and he doesn't see Wissa closing him down. The forward slides in to block the pass, but it flies just wide of the post to the keeper's relief.
WISSA SCORES! Brentford win it back in midfield again and Maupay threads it into Mbeumo down the right of the box. He plays it straight back across goal to the far post, and it's got just enough weight on it to find Wissa, who is left with a simple tap-in. 1-0 Brentford!
It's a brilliant throughball into Mbeumo, but he doesn't even need to glance up to know Wissa is in support - the low cross is perfectly-weighted between Al Dakhil and Trafford.
Burnley have looked really shaky at the back in the last few minutes and they just can't keep hold of the ball when they try to advance over the halfway line.
SAVED AND OFF THE LINE! There's another mix-up at the back as Al Dakhil is caught on the ball by Wissa. He touches it into Maupay, whose low shot is only half-dealt with by Trafford and O'Shea races back to clear it off the line.
GOOD SAVE! Brentford are truly on top now and Mbeumo has space down the right again. When he isn't closed down, he cuts inside and goes for goal himself, firing towards the near post, but Trafford pushes it away.
Onyeka pushes his way past Berge, who drags him back by his shirt. He's shown the first yellow card of the game.
Brentford win another corner and it's whipped in by Jensen. Ajer rises highest at the near post to flick it on, but Collins can't react quick enough at the back to get something on it.
It's better from Burnley here as Tresor bundles it forward before picking out Cullen's run down the left. He helps it onto Roberts, who clips it in from the byline, but Collins clears it in the middle.
Foster pulls it back to Odobert, who opens up a pocket of space when he checks back onto his right foot. He curls a shot towards the far post, but doesn't test Flekken as it flies wide.
Mbeumo is getting a lot of joy down Brentford's right side and he gets the better of two more Burnley players as he breezes down the wing. He does too much in the end though, losing control at the byline.
GOOD SAVE! Trafford doesn't get any distance on his punch as he stops it from reaching Onyeka, and Mbeumo keeps it alive on the edge of the box. Norgaard drills a shot which deflects off Wissa, and Trafford reacts quickly to get a strong hand to it.
Roberts is complaining that it should've been a Burnley throw-in, and he's booked for dissent.
GREAT SAVE! Again, Burnley don't deal with the ball into the box, and Maupay does well to hold off O'Shea as he spins before scooping a shot towards goals. It's always rising, but Trafford still has to dive to tip it over the crossbar.
Burnley win their first corner of the game, but it's a poor delivery from Tresor as it hits the first man. Norgaard clears his lines, but the Clarets quickly win it back.
GOOD SAVE! Burnley quickly work it to the edge of the box and Amdouni is completely unmarked. He hits his shot first time whipping it around the defender in front of him, but Flekken reacts quickly to push it wide.
Cullen has two attempts at clipping Wissa's heels, succeeding the second time. He's not happy with the free-kick, and he's booked for dissent.
HALF-TIME: BRENTFORD 1-0 BURNLEY.
Wissa's goal gives Brentford a 1-0 advantage over Burnley at half-time. The Bees had a great first half and thought they'd taken the lead early on through Maupay, though his goal was ruled out for an offside in the build-up. Brentford kept the pressure on though and Mbeumo set Wissa up for a close-range tap-in 25 minutes in. Trafford has made big saves to deny all of the hosts' front three, while Flekken was alert to keep out Amdouni's whipped effort just before the break.
Thomas Frank will be pleased with that first half and will be hoping they can keep it up in the second half. Mbeumo, in particular, has looked dangerous and it looks like the hosts have more goals in them. Burnley had a few bright moments, but have looked quite shaky at the back. Kompany will be looking for a way to get them back into the game, while also steadying them at the back.
Burnley are making a change at the break as they look to get back into this game. Odobert goes off, with Koleosho on in his place.
Brentford get us back under way for the second half!
Koleosho has the beating of Ajer, and the right-back's last attempt at catching him is to slide in. He's booked for the challenge.
Mbeumo makes another driving run into the box, but he's closed down by O'Shea and Trafford before he can pick out a cross. He goes to ground under the pressure but doesn't get the penalty he's asking for.
Burnley have made a much better start to the second half and they're keeping Brentford under pressure here. Tresor puts the latest cross into the box and Ajer glances it out just ahead of Koleosho.
CHANCE! It's a poor bit of control by Pinnock as he gifts the ball to Amdouni on the edge of his own box. He spins before firing a shot on goal, but it's always rising and doesn't test Flekken.
Onyeka is late getting across to Amdouni, and just steps across his path. He picks up a yellow card.
Brentford are trying to regain some of their first-half control here, but they're struggling to get out of their own half. Burnley are closing them down much quicker and closing down the channels well.
This time, Norgaard manages to get a long ball forward and Ajer is unmarked as he chases it down the right. He pulls it back from the byline, fizzing it into a dangerous area, but nobody's there for Brentford.
The hosts are just starting to ease back into the game here as Burnley start to drop deeper. It's patient play from Brentford as they work it out from the back.
Thomas Frank is complaining about a foul on Mbeumo that wasn't picked up and it's caught the referee's attention. He's booked for dissent.
MBEUMO SCORES! It's Onyeka that drags Brentford forward down the right this time, and he squares it into the box. Ajer helps it onto Maupay, who cushions it into Mbeumo. He gets it out of his feet before curling a lovely effort past Trafford and into the top corner. 2-0 Brentford!
Maupay has his back to goal when it's laid off to him, but he sees Mbeumo in space, so cushions it into his path to set up the goal.
BLOCK! It's a lovely spin from Jensen between two Burnley defenders before he squares it into the box. Maupay drags Trafford off his line, but the keeper pushes it to Jensen. He's rushed into his shot by Al Dakhil and he blazes it over the bar.
Burnley are making a double change as they look for a way back into this game. Tresor is the first to go off, with Bruun Larsen on for him.
And Berge is also taken off, with Brownhill replacing him.
Trafford is down receiving treatment for what looks like a knee injury. The physios are taking their time going through the checks, but the keeper is going to carry on.
Jensen just pushes Brownhill off the ball, and then walks away with it to prevent the quick free-kick. He's booked for time-wasting.
It's better from Burnley and their pressure results in them winning a corner. Their crosses into the box have been letting them down though, and this is no different as Pinnock clears.
Brentford win it back high upfield once more and Maupay is slipped through by Norgaard. He hits his shot straight against Taylor, and a loose touch prevents him from getting a second bite at it.
WHAT A CHANCE! Burnley break quickly on the counter, and Foster surges down the left. Five Brentford players and the keeper get drawn towards him so he squares it to Koleosho, who has an open goal to aim for, but he scuffs at the chance.
Brentford are making their first changes now. Jensen is going off for Yarmolyuk.
And Ajer also makes way, with Roerslev replacing him.
There's a change for Burnley too as Redmond comes on for Amdouni.
ROBERTS IS OFF! Flekken goes long over the top to try and pick out Wissa's run off the back of Roberts. It's a clumsy challenge from the right-back as he has a handful of the winger's shirt as he wrestles him down. He's saying he got the ball, but it's not going to stop him from being shown a second yellow card. Burnley are down to 10 men!
The resulting free-kick is taken by Mbeumo, and he curls his shot around the outside of the wall. It's too close to Trafford though, and he holds onto it comfortably.
Bruun Larsen, who only came onto the pitch 15 minutes ago is having to be sacrificed for another defender here as Delcroix is brought on.
Burnley are enjoying a good spell of possession here, though it's all in front of Brentford. They're patiently working it forward, trying to draw the hosts out of their compact shape.
Third change for Brentford now, and it's Ghoddos that's coming on for Onyeka.
Janelt is late getting across to Redmond, and picks up a late yellow card.
GHODDOS SCORES! And what a goal it is! Wissa and Norgaard link up well down the left, with the Dane clipping a cross into the middle. Al Dakhil heads it clear but only gets it as far as Ghoddos. He brings it down on his chest and takes on the shot from distance. It swerves away from Trafford and goes in off the inside of the far post. 3-0 Brentford!
Brentford are making their final change following that goal. Maupay is taken off, with Olakigbe replacing him.
CHANCE! There's another nervy moment at the back for Burnley as Trafford's pass is picked off by Norgaard. He unselfishly tries to square it to Wissa, but that gives Trafford a chance to atone as he quickly gets down to cut it out.
Janelt's cross is only half-cleared by Delcroix and it falls to Ghoddos on the edge of the box once more. He can't recreate his goal though as he slices this shot high into the stands.
Ghoddos picks up a late booking for his mistimed tackle.
Brentford are still looking to add to their tally here as it's lifted over the top towards Ghoddos. He's off balance and goes skidding across the slick surface as Brownhill clears his lines.
Delcroix's attempted pass is straight at Norgaard, and the rebound off him falls at Mbeumo's feet. He takes it to the byline before looping a cross in, but nobody in the box can get near it.
FULL-TIME: BRENTFORD 3-0 BURNLEY.
Brentford get back to winning ways as they cruise to a 3-0 victory over 10-man Burnley. Maupay thought he'd given the Bees the lead inside 10 minutes, only for it to be chalked out for an offside in the build-up. Wissa did get them in front though, tapping in from close range. Trafford kept his side in the game, but a wonderful curling strike from Mbeumo eventually beat him just after the hour mark. Roberts was sent off for two yellow cards, leaving Burnley to finish the game with 10 men, and Ghoddos came on to rifle an excellent swerving shot in off the post to round things off. That win lifts Brentford up to 14th in the table and they travel to Chelsea next time out. Burnley stay in the relegation zone and travel to fellow strugglers Bournemouth next weekend. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to the live commentary of the Premier League clash between Chelsea and Arsenal at Stamford Bridge.
Chelsea return to action after the international break aiming to continue their momentum, having posted three straight wins in all competitions. After a difficult start to the campaign, Mauricio Pochettino and his men found life with a win over Brighton in the EFL Cup before defeating Fulham and Burnley in the Premier League. Another victory over Arsenal would signal that the Blues are starting to find their form under the Argentine.
Arsenal would not have wanted the international break to come after securing a huge win over Manchester City on matchday eight. Gabriel Martinelli struck late in the game at the Emirates Stadium to end the Gunners' poor run of form against the champions. It could be a result that Mikel Arteta and his team look back on as a key moment in the title race come the end of the term. Now, they must retain their focus against the Blues, who they have won six of their last seven games against. Another victory would allow them to sustain their momentum and send them to the top of the table.
CHELSEA (4-3-3): Robert Sanchez; Malo Gusto, Thiago Silva, Levi Colwill; Marc Cucurella; Conor Gallagher, Moises Caicedo, Enzo Fernandez; Cole Palmer, Raheem Sterling, Mykhailo Mudryk.
CHELSEA SUBS: Axel Disasi, Benoit Badiashile, Noni Madueke, Nicolas Jackson, Chimuanya Ugochukwu, Reece James, Dorde Petrovic, Ian Maatsen, Deivid Washington.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Martin Odegaard, Jorginho, Declan Rice; Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Jesus, Gabriel Martinelli.
ARSENAL SUBS: Thomas Partey, Emile Smith Rowe, Eddie Nketiah, Jakub Kiwior, Takehiro Tomiyasu, Leandro Trossard, Reiss Nelson, Kai Havertz, Karl Hein.
Chelsea have made two changes to the side that beat Burnley 4-1 last time out. Gusto missed that game due to suspension and gets the nod to return at right-back ahead of Disasi. Armando Broja is out with a knee injury and is replaced by Mudryk in the final third. Captain James is back on the bench after recovering from a hamstring injury.
Arsenal have made two changes to their side following their win over Manchester City last time out. Saka returns from injury to take his place on the right flank as he replaces Trossard, who drops to the bench. Martinelli also comes back into the starting lineup in place of Nketiah.
The players are out on the pitch, so we should be under way shortly.
We're under way at Stamford Bridge.
CHANCE! Chelsea put early pressure on the visitors as Zinchenko fails to clear. Gallagher sees two efforts charged down before Fernandez latches onto a loose ball and curls his effort over the top.
Rice gifts the ball straight to Palmer, but the forward sends his offload on the counter behind Sterling on the edge of the Arsenal box.
The Blues have made a settled start to the contest in their bid to disrupt Arsenal's possession game.
Saka has a run at Cucurellla down the right flank, but the Chelsea defender holds well up and draws a foul.
Palmer catches Jesus on the ankle with an outstretched boot and goes into the book.
Palmer goes down under pressure from Rice in the middle of the park. Chelsea get the free-kick, but there's no further action from the referee.
Colwill slips and almost allows Odegaard to pounce, but the Blues get men back to crowd out the Arsenal skipper before he can strike at goal.
Zinchenko brings down Mudryk with a loose challenge and goes into the book.
PENALTY SHOUT! Mudryk attacks a cross from the right flank that strikes Saliba on the arm. The referee shakes his head, but the decision will be looked at again by the VAR!
VAR! PENALTY TO CHELSEA! After looking at the screen at the side of the field, the referee overturns his initial decision and awards a penalty.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! PALMER CONVERTS!!!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!!!!! The Blues take the lead as Palmer holds his composure and buries his spot-kick. Palmer places his effort low into the left side of the net and Raya dives the wrong way. Chelsea break the deadlock.
Palmer's goal has ended Arsenal's run of 335 minutes without conceding away from home.
Rice is played into space down the left flank by Odegaard and he presses inside the box. He opts for a cross with the outside of his boot that flashes across the face of goal with no red shirt there to convert.
Odegaard looks to release Jesus in the final third, but he overhits his throughball out for a goal-kick. Arsenal are not clicking at the moment.
Martinelli was caught in the build-up to Odegaard's misplaced pass by Thiago Silva. He takes his time to get up after being caught on the leg.
Jesus beats Sanchez in a footrace to the ball down the right flank. He tries to force an effort towards an empty net, but Chelsea get men back behind the ball to thwart the Gunners. Jorginho does have time to fire towards goal, but he opts for a pass instead.
BLOCK! White forces a low ball into the feet of Jesus in the Chelsea box. He shoots on the turn, only to see his effort diverted behind by Thiago Silva.
INCHES WIDE! Palmer latches onto a throughball from Gallagher and fires a left-footed strike early through the legs of Gabriel and just wide of the right post.
Arsenal are struggling to make an impact in the final third. There's no fluency to their play at the moment.
Chelsea have been on their game since kick-off and their early press on the Gunners has given them confidence to dominate the midfield.
Caicedo, Fernandez and Gallagher are winning the battle in the middle of the park. There's plenty of energy out there for the Blues.
Gallagher latches onto Fernandez's header in the box and turns to shoot, only to see his effort saved by Raya. The offside flag goes up late anyway.
Odegaard is not on his game. He collects an offload from Jorginho, but sends his first-time pass the wrong side of Jesus.
Chelsea have an important few minutes ahead of them before the break. They've been excellent in the first half and now need to see out their advantage until the whistle.
OVER! Palmer turns the ball around the corner for Sterling and he surges down the right flank. He cuts a pass back to Gusto in support, but he sends his left-footed effort over the top.
Thiago Silva brings down Jesus and goes into the book.
Rice is caught offside from Odegaard's pass from the resulting free-kick. It has not been Arsenal's half.
There will be two minutes of added time.
Fernandez gets forward in support in the final third and lines up a curling strike that Raya claims with ease.
HALF-TIME: CHELSEA 1-0 ARSENAL
Chelsea lead Arsenal 1-0 at the break in their Premier League clash. Cole Palmer scored from the penalty spot after referee Chris Kavanagh was advised to overturn his initial decision to not award a spot-kick following a handball by William Saliba in the box. The Blues have been the better side and the Gunners have been off the pace from kick-off at Stamford Bridge. An important 45 minutes awaits both sides.
Mikel Arteta will not be happy with his side at the break. They've been lacklustre in and out of possession and have failed to threaten Robert Sanchez's goal. The Gunners need a response in the second half to maintain their unbeaten record.
Zinchenko makes way for Tomiyasu at the break.
We're back under way at Stamford Bridge.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! MUDRYK CATCHES RAYA COLD!!!!!!! 2-0 CHELSEA!!!!!!!! The Blues double their lead as Mudryk catches Raya off balance at the near post as his attempted cross finds the back of the net. Chelsea break with numbers down the left flank and Gallagher feeds the Ukraine international. He looks for Sterling at the back post, but his cross soars over Raya and into the back of the net.
Gallagher feeds Mudryk down the left flank and the winger does the rest as his cross finds the net.
Mudryk is just the second Ukrainian to score against Arsenal in the Premier League, and first since Sergiy Rebrov for Tottenham in December 2000.
Arsenal are struggling to compete in the middle of the park. Chelsea are winning the 50/50 battles across the pitch and have a deserved two-goal lead.
WIDE! Martinelli cuts inside from the left flank and aims a strike towards the far corner, but his effort is deflected wide of the target by Thiago Silva.
Sanchez flaps at a corner from Odegaard and Arsenal are able to send another set-piece into the box. Gabriel meets the delivery from Martinelli at the back post, but he sends his headed effort wide.
Arsenal win another corner down the left flank, which is cleared as far as Jorginho. He sees his effort blocked before Tomiyasu places his follow-up over the top.
CLOSE! Raya almost makes another terrible mistake at the back as he places a pass straight to Palmer. The goalkeeper manages to recover to block his effort wide of the target. The Arsenal shot-stopper is all over the place!
Colwill heads over in an offside position from the resulting corner. Arsenal are so nervy at the back.
Sanchez is not much better at the other end for the Blues! He comes miles off his line to attack a free-kick from Odegaard and gets nowhere near the ball, clattering Colwill and Jesus in the process.
The two 'keepers are not covering themselves in glory today. Raya's mistake has cost Arsenal, while Sanchez is treading a fine line in the Chelsea net.
Martinelli twists and turns down the left flank and lifts a cross to the back post that Cucurella heads behind.
Mudryk got a tad lucky with his goal, but he deserved it after a tireless performance. He makes way for Jackson.
Sterling releases Jackson one-on-one with Raya, but the Arsenal 'keeper holds his ground and smothers the ball at his feet.
Jesus is replaced by Nketiah in the final third for the Gunners.
Jorginho has been fairy ineffectual and is replaced by Smith Rowe in the Arsenal midfield.
Chelsea keep the pressure on as Sterling tries to force an effort towards goal, but Saliba holds his ground. Palmer then tries to bend an attempt from distance, only to send his strike wide.
Cucurella brings down Saka on the charge and goes into the book.
Chelsea have been dogged at the back and have not allowed the Gunners to sustain a period of pressure. Arteta's men have not been able to register a shot on target.
This is the first time that Chelsea have scored two or more goals in three consecutive league games since October 2022 (run of four).
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! A SANCHEZ MISTAKE HANDS RICE A SIMPLE GOAL!!!!!! 2-1!!!! Arsenal are back in the game as Rice capitalises on an error from Sanchez to fire home. Sanchez misplaces a simple pass out from the back to Rice, who takes on his strike first-time and finds the bottom-left corner. A lifeline for the Gunners out of nowhere!
Odegaard is withdrawn by Arteta and is replaced by the former Chelsea man Havertz.
Trossard enters the action for Martinelli in the final third.
We're heading towards a thrilling final 10 minutes at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea have been in complete control, but Sanchez's mistake has given Arsenal hope.
Rice's goal was Arsenal's first shot on target in the game.
James is on for Palmer for the final six minutes.
Madueke replaces Sterling in the final third for the hosts.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! TROSSARD EQUALISES!!!!! 2-2!!!!!!! Arsenal level the scores as Trossard steers Saka's cross home at the back post! Saka is afforded space and time to sweep a dangerous ball to the back post from the right flank. Trossard times his run to perfection and pokes the ball past Sanchez. The travelling fans are going wild behind that goal, we're level again!
Saka puts the ball on a plate for Trossard at the back post with a precise left-footed cross.
INCHES WIDE! White floats a ball over the top for Nketiah to chase in the inside-right channel. He connects on his right foot and fires his effort across goal, but it trickles inches wide of the left post.
Arsenal are winning all the 50-50 battles on the pitch now and are pressing for a winner. Arteta's men have dug out an equaliser, but can they get more?
Nketiah catches Caicedo on the boot and he goes into the book.
There will be seven minutes of added time.
White goes into the book for the visitors, having fouled Madueke.
Arsenal have scored five goals via substitutes in the Premier League this season, only Brighton (seven) have scored more.
Jackson makes a burst down the right flank. He finds space to break into the box and shoots low and hard, but Raya makes a solid stop.
There's still time for a winner. Can either side force the issue?
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 2-2 ARSENAL
Arsenal come from behind to maintain their unbeaten record in the Premier League this season, securing a 2-2 draw against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. The Blues went ahead from the penalty spot through Cole Palmer after the VAR adjudged that William Saliba had handled the ball in the box. Mykhailo Mudryk then capitalised on a mistake from David Raya to put his side two goals to the good as his cross found the net. But, Chelsea 'keeper Robert Sanchez made an error of his own to allow Declan Rice to bring Arsenal back into the game before Leandro Trossard converted Bukayo Saka's cross at the back post to earn the Gunners a share of the spoils. Chelsea return to action next Saturday against Brentford at home in the Premier League, while Arsenal travel to face Sevilla in the Champions League on Tuesday. Thanks for joining us today, until next time, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Liverpool and Everton at Anfield!
Liverpool have the chance to go top of the Premier League table with a victory here today, and Jurgen Klopp will be looking to get his team back to winning ways. Their seven-match winning run in all competitions came to an end with a controversial 2-1 loss to Tottenham, and the Reds were most recently held to a 2-2 by Brighton. However, history is on their side in this fixture as they've lost just one of their last 25 league meetings with Everton (W11 D13), though that was a 2-0 home defeat in February 2021.
As for Everton, things are starting to look up for them. After a very slow start to their season, they've now managed to win three of their last four outings in all competitions (L1). Their first win of the campaign came away at Brentford, but they got their first victory at Goodison Park last time out as they brushed aside Bournemouth 3-0 just before the international break.
LIVERPOOL STARTING XI (4-3-3): Alisson; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil van Dijk, Kostas Tsimikas; Dominik Szoboszlai, Alexis Mac Allister, Ryan Gravenberch; Mohamed Salah, Diogo Jota, Luis Diaz.
LIVERPOOL SUBS: James McConnel, Callum Scanlon, Wataru Endo, Joe Gomez, Caoimhin Kelleher, Jarell Quansah, Joel Matip, Harvey Elliott, Darwin Nunez.
EVERTON STARTING XI (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Ashley Young, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite, Vitalii Mykolenko; Jack Harrison, James Garner, Amadou Onana, Dwight McNeil; Abdoulaye Doucoure; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
EVERTON SUBS: Michael Keane, Youssef Chermiti, Ben Godfrey, Arnaut Danjuma, Joao Virginia, Nathan Patterson, Lewis Dobbin, Idrissa Gueye, Beto.
Klopp makes four changes to the side that drew with Brighton last time out. Konate, Tsimikas, Gravenberch and Jota, who returns after serving a one-match ban, all come in. Matip, Elliott and Nunez drop to the bench, where Kelleher is also named after recovering from a knee problem. Andy Robertson is out with a shoulder injury he sustained on international duty.
Sean Dyche was clearly impressed with his team's performance in the win over Bournemouth two weeks ago as he names an unchanged line-up here. They are boosted by the return of Gueye, who is on the bench after recovering from a heel injury.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Doucoure gets the game under way for Everton!
McNeil whips a brilliant cross into the box for Calvert-Lewin to attack, but his header is straight at Alisson. The keeper sets Salah away down the right, and he drives past Mykolenko, but a heavy touch shows too much of it to Pickford.
Gravenberch dinks a lovely ball over the top for Salah, who is in space on the right of the box, but he snatches at his shot, hitting it across the box instead. Jota wasn't expecting it and can't bring it under control.
Tsimikas has acres of space down the left and he whips a wonderful, early delivery in. Gravenberch manages to flick it on while turning, but it flicks off Szoboszlai's chest and Pickford punches it away.
Having won five of their first 11 Premier League games against Liverpool (D4 L2), Everton have now won just five of their last 51 against them in the competition (D21 L25).
Liverpool comfortably deal with an Everton free-kick and then break quickly on the counter. Salah surges down the right before it's switched out to Diaz on the left. Young cuts that out to give away a corner, but nothing comes of it.
GOOD BLOCK! Van Dijk clears Everton's corner, and it's swept out to Szoboszlai to break on the counter down the left. He carries it a long way before laying it off to Diaz, but Young slides in with a brilliant tackle to deflect his shot over the bar.
It's a very open game here and Doucoure is steadily making his way up the pitch before he helps it out to Harrison on the right. He's trying to find space for a cross, but can't get around Tsimikas.
Everton's free-kick is taken quickly, and Tsimikas is slow to close Harrison down this time. He checks back to float a good cross to the edge of the six-yard box, but Konate clears it just in front of Calvert-Lewin.
Liverpool eventually scramble Everton's corner away and Salah hooks it forward for Diaz. The Reds have four against three as Diaz squares it across, but Onana slides in with an excellent block to stop it from reaching Gravenberch.
Young steps across Diaz to stop him from getting into the final third, and he's shown the first yellow card of the game.
It's a wonderful switch from Mac Allister to pick out Salah, but a heavy touch gets away from him. Everton patiently work it out from the back and win a free-kick, but it comes to nothing.
Everton just can't clear their lines and Gravenberch manages to poke it forward for Jota. He's trying to get a sight of goal when he's tripped by Tarkowski in the D, and Liverpool have a free-kick in a dangerous position.
Salah rolls the ball slightly to the right to give Alexander-Arnold a slightly better angle from the free-kick. He gets a lot of power into it, but he strikes it straight into the Everton wall.
Doucoure nicks it off Gravenberch, only to run straight into Szoboszlai and lose out once more. It's more patient from Liverpool at the moment, and they're keeping Everton penned back in their own half.
Garner slides in to win it off Gravenberch, and Onana spots Alisson a long way out of his box. He attempts an audacious effort from the edge of the centre circle in his own half, but slices at it, causing the keeper no problems.
CHANCE! Alexander-Arnold touches it into Salah, who checks back onto his left foot before whipping a shot towards goal. He can't keep it down though and it sails over Pickford's crossbar.
Everton just can't keep hold of the ball at the moment. Pickford goes long from a goal-kick, and Young just manages to keep it in play, but from there Liverpool quickly win it back once more.
Young takes a loose touch which sends the ball straight out of play, and then he kicks it away to stop Liverpool from being able to take a quick throw-in. The Liverpool fans in front of it are asking for a second yellow card, but it doesn't come.
Tarkowski is late getting across to Gravenberch and cuts out his run. He can have no complaints about the booking.
SAVE! Szoboszlai lays it off to Mac Allister, and the space opens up for him through the middle, so he tries his luck. He drills a powerful shot at Pickford, who initially spills it but reacts quickly to get there ahead of Jota.
Everton are looking a little shaky at the back, but at the moment they're doing enough to frustrate Liverpool. Branthwaite wins it back and hooks it upfield for Doucoure, but Van Dijk gets to it first.
YOUNG IS SENT OFF! Diaz goes up against the right-back and just manages to get a yard on him. Young slides in trying to make sure he doesn't get into the box, but catches Diaz's leg when he shields the ball. The Liverpool fans are asking for a second yellow and the referee shows him one. Everton are down to 10 men!
GREAT CHANCE! Liverpool are piling the pressure on the visitors now and Van Dijk sees a header deflected out for a corner. Tsimikas' outswinger is cleared as far as Alexander-Arnold, who catches it sweetly on the volley, and it flies just over the crossbar.
GOOD CHANCE! McNeil has three Liverpool defenders around him, but he manages to find a pocket of space as he curls a shot on goal. It takes a slight nick off Van Dijk which has Alisson scrambling, but it sails over.
Tarkowski got in the way of Szoboszlai's shot and goes down winded, but Liverpool carry on. Szoboszlai picks out Alexander-Arnold, who fizzes a delightful cross into the box, but none of his team-mates can get a touch.
Tsimikas' corner is flicked on by Diaz, and Onana does well to hook it away under pressure. The left-back gets it once more and takes it to the byline before putting another cross in, but again, Onana is there to clear the danger.
Pickford lifts it over the top for Calvert-Lewin, but it hits his chest and rolls back to Alisson. He sets Liverpool on the counter once more, and Szoboszlai takes on a powerful shot from just outside the box, but there isn't enough dip on it.
Jota slaloms his way into the box before tripping over Doucoure, who is already on the floor. There are cries for a penalty from the Liverpool fans and players, but the referee says no.
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 0-0 EVERTON.
It's goalless at the break as 10-man Everton hold on against Liverpool. The Reds dominated the first half, but it could've been a much different story had Calvert-Lewin scored his first-minute header. Young received two yellow cards for fouls on Diaz, with the second seeing him dismissed in the 37th minute. Alexander-Arnold and Szoboszlai both came close for the hosts, but Pickford only had one save to make in the first half, denying Mac Allister.
Klopp will be urging his side to pick up where they left off as they look to use their man advantage. His side have looked dangerous on the attack, but they need to test Pickford more often. As for Dyche, he'll be pleased that they managed to get through to the break without conceding - it'll be all about staying strong defensive as they look to try and see this out in the second half.
Everton are making a double change at the break, and they're both defensive as it looks like they'll be switching to a back five. Harrison is the first to go off, with Keane on for him.
McNeil is the other player that's making way, with Patterson on for him.
Liverpool get us back under way for the second half!
As expected, Liverpool have started the second half on the front foot and are keeping Everton penned back in their own half. The Reds are having to be patient due to their opponents' compact shape.
Onana knocks the ball past Konate, and the Liverpool defender clumsily brings him down to stop the counter. He goes into the book.
DOUBLE BLOCK! Patterson intercepts Szoboszlai's cross, but his clearance goes as far as Salah. Tarkowski stretches to block his shot before throwing himself in front of Gravenberch's follow-up effort.
There are big shouts for a penalty for a handball against Keane from the Liverpool faithful. VAR has a quick look at it, but it would've been harsh as a deflection off Gravenberch sent it towards the defender's arm, which was by his side.
Everton have a rare chance to get forward here, but Mykolenko's cross is cleared by Konate. He gets it as far as Garner, who snatches at a first-time shot from outside the box and sends it high into the stands.
Onana races across to shield Diaz out of play, and his pace takes him over the advertising boards. It's an awkward fall over the edge by the midfielder, but after a little while he gets back to his feet without needing treatment.
Everton just can't get out of their own half, and Mac Allister wins it back on the halfway line. He helps it onto Jota, who flicks it into Salah's path. Branthwaite does get across, but the offside flag is up anyway.
Both sides are making changes here, starting with Everton. Calvert-Lewin is taken off, with Beto replacing him.
It's a double swap for Liverpool. Tsimikas is the first to go off, with Nunez on for him.
And Gravenberch is also making way, with Elliott coming on in his place.
Liverpool's latest attack is cleared and Garner slides it forward for Beto to chase. Konate puts an arm across him to stop the run and Everton are incensed that he isn't being shown a second yellow card for it.
SAVE! Alisson goes long and Nunez brings it down with a lovely first touch as the space opens up for him. He drills a shot straight down the middle, but Pickford gets behind it.
As soon as the free-kick for Konate's foul was taken, Klopp decided he wasn't going to take any chances. Konate is taken off, with Matip on for him.
Dyche is still arguing about what should've been a yellow card for Konate. The referee has had enough and the Everton manager is booked for dissent.
Everton are still sitting deep in their own half, but they're comfortably dealing with the crosses coming in from both sides at the moment. Diaz and Salah both curl the ball in, but it's met by a blue shirt.
More big shouts from the home fans for a penalty as Diaz goes down under a challenge from Patterson. There was very little contact and the Colombian went down dramatically. A VAR check confirms no spot-kick.
The Anfield crowd is up once more as Diaz's cross strikes Keane's outstretched arm. The defender isn't too far away from it, but it's the positioning of the arm that could be the problem. A Liverpool corner is given, but VAR is having a look at it...
PENALTY TO LIVERPOOL! The referee is called over to have a look at the incident himself, and although there's nothing deliberate about it, Keane's arm was outstretched and Craig Pawson comes back on, pointing to the spot.
SALAH SCORES! And Liverpool finally have the breakthrough! It's a confident spot-kick from the Egyptian as he powers it into the right side of the net. Pickford barely moves off his line, but even diving the right way, there's no saving that. 1-0 Liverpool!
Everton look to try and make a quick response straight from the kick-off. Mykolenko pulls it back to Beto on the edge of the box, but he slices his shot well wide of the far post.
Liverpool are back to dominating possession here, and it's worked out to Nunez on the left. He swings a cross into the middle, but it's too high for Salah at the far post.
More changes for both sides, starting with Everton. Onana, who has had a good game, goes off for Danjuma.
And for Liverpool, Gomez is brought on in place of Diaz.
SAVE! Liverpool win another corner which is put in by Alexander-Arnold and Jota meets it in the middle of the box. He thumps his header towards goal, but it's straight at Pickford.
Salah has either scored (nine) or assisted (nine) a goal in 14 of his last 15 Premier League games, and each of his last 13 at Anfield (13 goals, three assists).
Liverpool are just happy to keep possession in front of Everton as they try to see out this win now. They're in no hurry to push forward, and the Toffees aren't attempting to press either.
BLOCK! Everton don't get the free-kick they're asking for, and Liverpool break quickly on the counter once more. Nunez bursts down the left before pulling it back from the byline, and Patterson just manages to head it wide, avoiding his own goal.
The final roll of the dice for Everton sees Chermiti come on for Mykolenko.
GREAT SAVE! It's more patient build-up from Liverpool, but Elliott injects some pace into it as he checks onto his left foot and whips a shot on goal. Pickford sees it late, but gets a strong hand behind it to tip it wide.
WIDE! Jota carries it a long way down the left, and it looks like he's going to tee up Nunez through the middle, but he chooses to go it alone instead. He fires his shot towards the near post, but only hits the side netting.
Chermiti's shot is blocked by Van Dijk, and Everton win a corner. Pickford is asking to go up, but with five minutes still to go, Dyche isn't allowing it. Garner swings it in, but it misses everybody in the box.
Szoboszlai weaves his way down the left and Jota's run opens up some space for him to get into the box. He tries to curl it into the top corner, but his effort flies high and wide.
SALAH SCORES AGAIN! And that will do it for Liverpool! Everton committed a lot of bodies forward in search of an equaliser, and they're caught out. Chermiti loses the ball and Szoboszlai slides it forward for Nunez, who surges through the middle. He has Tarkowski ahead of him so he lays it off to Salah, and he rifles a second goal past Pickford at the near post. 2-0 Liverpool!
Tarkowski is trying in vain to get across to Nunez, who races through the middle. He could've gone for goal himself, but unselfishly picks out Salah instead.
The Everton fans are starting to file out of the stadium as Liverpool mount another attack here. Elliott looks to loop it forward for Jota, but Branthwaite is tight to him to stop him from bringing it down.
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 2-0 EVERTON.
Salah's late double helps Liverpool to a 2-0 win over 10-man Everton. Calvert-Lewin could've made things very different if his first-minute header wasn't saved by Alisson, but the game was dominated by the Reds after that. Young was sent off just 37 minutes in for a second yellow card, but Liverpool still struggled to break the visitors down. The hosts also could've been down to 10 after the break, but Konate somehow managed to avoid a second booking. VAR then awarded a penalty for a handball against Keane, which Salah confidently rifled in, and the Egyptian then finished off a counter-attack in the 97th minute to seal the points. Liverpool go top of the table and now turn their attention to Toulouse, who they’ll face in the Europa League on Thursday. Everton stay in 16th and will be looking to bounce back at West Ham next weekend. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Manchester City and Brighton.
Manchester City host Brighton at the Etihad Stadium as Pep Guardiola’s side look to avoid a third consecutive Premier League loss, after they suffered back-to-back defeats to Arsenal and Wolves before the international break. City have won each of their last 20 games in all competitions at home, and they could climb to the top of the table with three points today. The Sky Blues haven’t lost three Premier League games in a row since 2016, so they will be desperate to steer clear of matching that unwanted statistic here.
Brighton will be hoping to leapfrog a host of teams to get into the Champions League places, but it certainly won’t be easy for Roberto De Zerbi’s side against the champions of England. The Seagulls haven’t won in four games in all competitions, and they are yet to win away from home against Man City in a league fixture after 13 attempts (D2 L11). The away side will be hoping to regain some momentum after a poor run of form, and a victory over Guardiola’s team could be the perfect opportunity to boost their confidence after the international break.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-2-3-1): Stefan Ortega; Josko Gvardiol, Manuel Akanji, John Stones, Kyle Walker; Rodri, Bernardo Silva; Jeremy Doku, Julian Alvarez, Phil Foden; Erling Haaland.
SUBS: Ruben Dias, Kalvin Phillips, Nathan Ake, Mateo Kovacic, Jack Grealish, Sergio Gomez, Matheus Nunes, Ederson, Rico Lewis.
BRIGHTON (4-2-3-1): Jason Steele; Solly March, Igor Julio, Lewis Dunk, James Milner; Pascal Gross, Carlos Baleba; Kaoru Mitoma, Danny Welbeck, Simon Adingra; Joao Pedro.
SUBS: Bart Verbruggen, Adam Webster, Mahmoud Dahoud, Billy Gilmour, Adam Lallana, Evan Ferguson, Jan Paul van Hecke, Ansu Fati, Joel Veltman.
Guardiola has opted to make five changes from Man City’s defeat to Arsenal in the Premier League last time out. Ederson, Ake, Kovacic, Dias, and Lewis all drop to the bench with Stones, Rodri, Akanji, Doku, and Ortega coming in. Rodri has returned to the starting XI after serving his three-game ban for a sending-off against Nottingham Forest.
Meanwhile, De Zerbi has made three changes from Brighton’s 2-2 draw with Liverpool before the international break. Steele, Welbeck, and Milner come into the side, with Verbruggen, Ferguson, and Veltman all having to settle for a place on the bench.
The teams are out on the pitch as we edge closer to kick-off!
Welbeck gets the game under way at the Etihad!
Walker gives away an early foul on Mitoma deep inside his own half. Brighton will now look to pack the box and create an opportunity in the opening few minutes, but it comes to nothing.
Pedro finds Mitoma inside the Man City box with a neat throughball. However, the Brighton winger struggles to find a team-mate with his cross and the move breaks down.
Early chance for City. Foden dances through the Brighton midfield, cutting inside onto his favoured left foot. He finds Doku in space on the edge of the box, but his curling effort goes wide of the post.
GOOOOAALLLL!!! 1-0 CITY!!! Alvarez with the finish! Doku receives the ball out wide and stands up his marker, before dribbling between the Brighton defenders and bursting into the box. The Belgian winger finds Alvarez in space near the penalty shot, and he scuffs a shot into the roof of the net beyond Steele. It's the ideal start for Guardiola's side!
Doku evaded multiple challenges on the left-hand side, dancing through the Brighton defence, before laying the ball on a platter for Alvarez.
Doku is causing major problems on the City left so far. Once again, he darts beyond Milner and gets to the byline, but his cross is comfortably dealt with by Dunk and the danger is cleared.
Silva does well to link up with Gvardiol deep inside the Brighton half. The Croatian finds himself in space on the edge of the box and has a go from range with his weak foot, but it's easily saved by Steele.
Welbeck is struggling with an injury and the play has stopped so he can receive treatment. It could be an early blow for De Zerbi if the Brighton forward has to be substituted.
Brighton are forced into an early change as Welbeck is unable to continue. Ferguson enters the fray.
GOOOAAAALLLL!!! 2-0 CITY!! Haaland with a superb finish! Guardiola's side pressed high and pounced on Baleba in midfield with Silva winning possession in a dangerous position. The ball fell to Haaland, who charged towards the Brighton penalty area and unleashed a thunderous strike from outside of the box. It's a nightmare start for De Zerbi and his team, they have a mountain to climb now!
Doku again makes things happen in the final third. He receives the ball out wide and Milner starts to back off. The City winger finds a yard of space and drills the ball into the Brighton box, but it evades every attacker and the Seagulls can clear the danger.
City have enjoyed more of the ball in the early proceedings, having 52.9 per cent of the possession with Brighton struggling to deal with Guardiola's attack.
VAR is checking an incident involving Alvarez off the ball. After a short delay, the game resumes with no action taken.
The Seagulls are struggling to get out of their half as City continue to pressure De Zerbi's defence at every opportunity. The Brighton manager won't be happy with his team's performance so far.
Foden looks to find the run of Haaland in behind the Brighton defence, but Igor is equal to it and glances a header out for a corner. The Norwegian striker was lurking and it's an important interception from the defender. City don't appear to be satisfied with just the two goals so far today!
Doku once again evades multiple challenges from the Brighton defence, cutting inside and looking to cause problems in the final third. He darts towards the penalty area and tries to find Alvarez with a throughball, but Dunk deals with the situation well and clears.
Brighton have tested Ortega in the City goal just once so far this game with one shot on target. Guardiola's side have managed three so far, with two of them finding the back of the net.
March is the first player to go into the referee's book for a poor challenge in the middle of the pitch. He can have no complaints.
City once again look to test Brighton's defence as Doku finds Silva in the box with a smart throughball. The Portuguese midfielder dinks it over the goalkeeper but after a scramble in the penalty area, the ball is cleared.
Rodri picks up a booking for kicking the ball away after Doku was flagged for offside.
Doku bursts into the box, using his pace to leave Milner for dead before getting to the byline once again. He cuts it back, looking to find a City attacker, but Dunk slides in and clears the ball away. Guardiola's side have remained on top throughout the first half and are pushing to get a third.
Brighton continue to try and play out from the back despite City pressing high and regularly winning the ball in the final third. They're going to need to improve drastically in the second half to avoid conceding more goals.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of four minutes of added time in the first half.
The pace of the game has started to slow down as City appear to be content with going into the break with a 2-0 lead. Guardiola's side are keeping possession and staying patient, with Brighton sitting back and absorbing the pressure.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 2-0 BRIGHTON
City go into the break with a 2-0 lead over Brighton. Guardiola's side opened the scoring early in the first half, with Alvarez finding himself in space in the box after some excellent work down the left from Doku. The Argentine dispatched the ball beyond Steele with an unorthodox finish. The Seagulls struggled to get going and their day got worse after Welbeck suffered an injury shortly after the first goal. The Sky Blues doubled their lead later in the half as Haaland pounced on a mistake in the middle of the pitch and found the back of the net from just outside the box.
De Zerbi won't be happy with his team's performance in the opening 45 minutes and they will need to see a vast improvement to be able to get something from this game. City have looked back to their best after two consecutive Premier League defeats before today. Doku has been the standout player so far, and it was a difficult half for Milner, who has the task of dealing with the tricky winger. A reaction is needed from Brighton, and Guardiola will be hoping to see a carbon copy of the first half when the players return to the pitch.
Brighton make their second change of the game as Veltman comes on for Milner at the break.
The second half is under way at the Etihad!
Brighton are enjoying more of the ball in the opening few minutes of the second half. De Zerbi's side need to show more of an attacking threat to get back into this game.
Doku goes down under the challenge of Veltman and looks in some discomfort. Thankfully, the City winger doesn't need treatment and he looks as though he will be able to carry on.
CHANCE! Adingra finds Gross inside the City box in space with a superb throughball between the defenders. The Brighton midfielder evades the offside trap and closes in on Ortega, but he gets his shot all wrong and it goes wide of the post. He should have done better!
Foden uses his pace to skip past March on the right-hand side and finds himself inside the Brighton box. His cross deflects off the defender and almost creeps behind for a corner, but Steele collects and the Seagulls regain possession. March had to be careful not to bring the England international down after his early booking in the first half.
It's been a second half of few opportunities for both teams. Neither side have managed more than one touch in the opposition box since the game got back under way.
Igor makes a reckless challenge on Stones on the edge of his own box and City are awarded a free-kick. Alvarez and Silva are standing over it as Steele sets up his wall. Alvarez looks to curl it towards the top corner, but it flies over the bar.
Foden and Doku link up well deep inside the Brighton half as the former latches onto a throughball in the penalty area. He fires a cross into the danger zone, but Steele gets a hand to it and diverts it away from the City attackers waiting in the middle.
Mitoma darts through the middle of the pitch before Akanji brings him down with a professional foul, picking up City’s second booking of the game.
Igor is the latest player to go into the book after a late challenge on Rodri, who had poked the ball past the Brighton defender.
Pedro's afternoon is over as De Zerbi rolls the dice, bringing on Fati at the Etihad.
Gilmour replaces Baleba in the Brighton midfield as they make their fourth change of the game.
CHANCE! City could be three goals to the good. Foden finds Haaland beyond the Brighton defence with a perfectly weighted pass. The prolific striker controls the ball well and cuts back onto his left foot, before looking to bend one beyond Steele. However, the keeper makes an excellent save to keep the game at 2-0.
It's now Brighton's turn to test the opposition's resolve. Mitoma finds himself in space behind the defensive line after an impressive throughball by Fati. The Japan winger looks to dink the ball over Ortega who rushes out to close the angle, but he gets it all wrong and the City stopper makes the save.
Doku looks to get on the scoresheet as he sprints towards the Brighton defence at pace, but his shot is tame and Steele makes a comfortable save. De Zerbi will be impressed with how Brighton have managed to deal with the City winger in the second half.
GOOOALLLL!!!! Brighton are back in it! 2-1!!! The Seagulls pull one back. Mitoma twists and turns as he approaches the City box and manages to evade the challenge of Walker. His cross only finds Akanji but the defender fails to clear it and Fati is there to place the ball beyond Ortega in goal. Game on!
Dias enters the fray in place of Stones in the City defence.
Doku leaves the pitch in place of Grealish in a straight swap on the left-hand side of attack.
Brighton have enjoyed more of the ball in the second half with 57.8 per cent of the possession, as they look to get a result against City after a disappointing opening 45 minutes.
City are pushing to grab a third goal now and put the game out of sight, but they're struggling to find a breakthrough as De Zerbi's side remain resolute at the back. The fans at the Etihad wait nervously with the Seagulls now back in the match.
Gvardiol picks up the ball inside his own half and looks to burst through the Brighton midfield. The Croatian evades multiple challenges and closes in on the edge of the box, but Dunk is equal to it and the danger is cleared.
Grealish is the latest player to go into the referee's book for protesting against a decision from one of the officials.
Haaland uses his pace and strength to carry the ball from his own half and win a free-kick to settle the game down. Gilmour and Veltman both attempted to dispossess the Norwegian and failed, with his determination to keep possession too much for the Brighton duo to handle.
March is down and looks in a lot of pain after a hefty challenge and he's now receiving treatment. Brighton appear to be readying another substitution as it looks as though he won't be able to carry on.
There will be four minutes of added time at the end of the second half at the Etihad.
The game is yet to restart with it looking like a potentially serious injury for March, who is now being carried off on a stretcher. The Etihad gives him a standing ovation.
Van Hecke comes on in place of March after his injury late in the second half.
RED CARD! Akanji gets his marching orders! The City defender is sent off after receiving a second yellow card for pulling down Fati on the counter.
Guardiola makes a change to try and see out the game after the red card, with Ake coming on in place of Alvarez.
Brighton are pushing for an equaliser! Gross bursts into the box and looks to drill the ball into the middle, but it's blocked and out for a corner in the dying minutes. De Zerbi's side are in the ascendency with City down to 10 men.
Brighton's corner comes to nothing, and that may just be that at the Etihad!
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 2-1 BRIGHTON
City hold on and secure a 2-1 victory over Brighton at the Etihad. It was looking like a comfortable game for Guardiola's side after goals from Alvarez and Haaland saw them go into the break with a 2-0 lead over the Seagulls. The second half started slowly with De Zerbi's men pushing to get back into the game, before Fati pulled one back to force an exciting end to the match. City remained resolute at the back before Akanji was sent off, but even when depleted, they absorbed the late pressure and came away with three points! City will be looking to carry their momentum into the Champions League next week against Young Boys, while Brighton will be hoping to bounce back against Ajax in the Europa League on Thursday. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League fixture, as Newcastle United host Crystal Palace at St. James’ Park.
Sat eighth in the table after eight games, Newcastle return from the international break on a four-match unbeaten streak having recovered from a poor start to the season. Three wins in a row included an 8-0 demolition of Sheffield United, and the Magpies come into this one off the back of a 2-2 draw at West Ham.
Palace’s form has also been a mixed bag this season, winning and drawing three games apiece on top of two losses. They’re yet to repeat the same result in consecutive games too, and also drew their last match 0-0 with Nottingham Forest.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Nick Pope; Kieran Trippier, Jamal Lascelles, Fabian Schar, Dan Burn; Sean Longstaff, Bruno Guimaraes, Joelinton; Jacob Murphy, Callum Wilson, Anthony Gordon.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Martin Dubravka, Paul Dummett, Sandro Tonali, Matt Targett, Alexander Isak, Lewis Hall, Tino Livramento, Miguel Almiron, Elliot Anderson.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-3-3): Sam Johnstone; Joel Ward, Joachim Andersen, Marc Guehi, Tyrick Mitchell; Jefferson Lerma, Cheick Doucoure, Will Hughes; Jordan Ayew, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Odsonne Edouard.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: Remi Matthews, Rob Holding, Matheus Franca, Nathaniel Clyne, Chris Richards, Naouirou Ahamada, Jairo Riedewald, Jesurun Rak-Sakyi, David Ozoh.
Newcastle have made four changes following their 2-2 draw in the capital, all of which come in attacking positions. An all-new frontline of Callum Wilson, Anthony Gordon and Jacob Murphy will look to cause Palace plenty of problems, and Joelinton joins the midfield three. Top scorer Alexander Isak is on the bench despite scoring twice against West Ham, alongside Sandro Tonali, who keeps his place in the squad despite the potential of a betting-related ban in the coming weeks.
Palace make three alterations of their own, as Clyne and Riedewald shift to the bench with Jeffrey Schlupp absent from the team altogether. In their place come captain Joel Ward and midfielders Jefferson Lerma and Cheick Doucoure, who will each be out to stem the flow of the Magpies’ attacks.
The teams are lined up in the tunnel, and head out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off at a packed St. James' Park!
It'll be the hosts who get us underway, as Longstaff kicks the game off for Newcastle!
Trippier slips a pass forward for Murphy racing in behind the defence, but Guehi intervenes to put the ball behind for the first corner of the game.
BALL IN THE NET!! A cross-field pass to Trippier is scooped into Murphy's path by the right-back. Murphy scoops an audacious attempt towards goal, which deceives Johnstone and sails into the far corner! He wheels away in celebration, but the offside flag is up to deny him!
Hang on, we might not have heard the last of this! Trippier is the player flagged, and on second viewing, he looks to be level with the last defender as that initial ball is fired towards him!
GOOOAAAALL!!! It's given!!! The VAR replays show that Trippier was not stood beyond the last man, and as such, that ambitious attempt from Murphy makes it 1-0 at St. James'! Palace were totally caught out at the back by Newcastle's right-side pairing, and with less than five minutes gone the Magpies are in front!
A perfectly-weighted inside ball from Trippier made that chance possible, giving Murphy the time and space he needed to float the ball over the top of Johnstone and into the bottom-left corner of the net!
Newcastle have now notched eight first-half goals in the Premier League this season, second only to Liverpool, while only champions Manchester City (with four) have managed more in the first 15 minutes of games than the Magpies' three!
Palace look to respond straight from kick-off as Mateta cuts and dangerous ball back across the face, but Murphy slides in from nowhere to put the ball behind for a corner!
WIDE!!! Hughes' corner is swung into the area and met by Mateta at the far post, whose free header is a fraction off-target as it whistles past the far post!
A collision on the touchline between Trippier and Mitchell leaves both full-backs on the deck requiring treatment, but it's not long before the two England defenders are back on their feet.
Murphy's teasing cross into the six-yard box is dealt with - partially - by Andersen, who flicks the ball up and into the air before nodding it behind to safety.
Trippier drifts into midfield and fires a forward ball into Wilson's feet on the edge of the box, but he can't get a shot away before being swarmed by Palace defenders and it's cleared by Andersen!
The last four Premier League meetings between Newcastle and Crystal Palace have seen just three goals, with both encounters last season finishing 0-0, but we've seen plenty of goalmouth action already in this one and the opener scored after just four minutes!
Edouard takes on Murphy down the left side and dribbles to the byline. He looks to cut a cross back into the middle, but the ball deflects behind off the Newcastle goalscorer and it's a Palace corner.
OVER!!! Hughes' corner is headed half-clear by the Magpies, and falls kindly for Mitchell who lashes a first-time volley up and over the top!
Newcastle have maintained a healthy 68.4% percent possession in the opening stages of the game, but aside from Murphy's early opener have created very little with it in the final third!
The Magpies counter and Murphy drifts wide to play in Longstaff. He cuts the ball back towards Wilson from the byline, but Andersen intervenes to clear and send Palace away on a break of their own.
SAVED!!! Longstaff takes a quick free-kick and find Murphy in space, but his fizzing shot from the edge of the area is tipped wide by Johnstone!
Longstaff finds space in the box once again and drills a low pass across the face of goal. Wilson is the target and waiting to tap in at the far post, but Ward steps across him to scythe the ball away!
A late Mateta challenge leaves Guimaraes down receiving treatment, and the Palace striker is shown the game's first yellow card as a result.
OFF THE BAR!!! What a chance to double the lead! Murphy takes on Lerma and skips past the midfielder to float a cross over Johnstone and towards the back post. Gordon is there with the goal begging, but the winger can't make Palace pay as he side-foots a volley off the crossbar and back out again!
Newcastle have conceded just 17 Premier League goals at home since the start of last season, the joint-fewest of any non-promoted team alongside Manchester United. The Magpies have also kept a clean sheet in each of their last two at St. James’ Park.
WIDE!! The play is switched from left to right and Murphy tees up Trippier to cross from the byline. He does so, but Wilson arriving at the back post can't direct his header on target and nods wide under pressure!
The Magpies currently sit eighth in the Premier League table on 13 points, but based on Opta’s expected points model, their expected points total based on game-by-game expected goals is 16.4; this is the second-highest expected points total in the competition this season after Manchester City's 16.6.
A corner swung in by Trippier is nodded down at the far post by Lascelles, but Guimaraes following in can't get enough contact on the ball to steer it goalwards!
The latest corner, from the left-hand side, is played short by Trippier, who then runs onto the ball and fires an in-swinging cross which beats everyone as it curls around the far post!
Palace look to take a quick throw-in with Longstaff out of position, but the midfielder prevents Mitchell from doing so and is shown a textbook yellow card by the referee.
Prior to this game, Trippier had created 89 chances from set plays in the Premier League since the start of last season, 28 more than any other player in Europe’s big-five leagues. Eight of those chances have resulted in assists, the joint-most of any player from those aforementioned leagues, and he's already added to another to his tally in this first half.
CHANCE!!! Schar drives forward from the centre-back and scoops the ball over the top for Longstaff. He charges after it into the box, but can't quite time an attempt at a shot and the ball rolls behind!
GOOOOAAAALL!!! Newcastle double their lead!! Schar comes forward once more and finds Wilson, who has dropped deep into midfield. He turns to open up space for Murphy down the right, and his cross into the area is inch-perfect for an arriving Gordon to fire home at the far post! A beautifully-worked goal for the Magpies, who lead 2-0 in the shadow of half-time!
The combination of the Magpies' wingers there showed just how cohesive this Newcastle unit is under Eddie Howe, and Murphy's accurate cross put the ball on a plate for Gordon to slot in their second.
We'll play five more first-half minutes at St. James' Park, and having just scored their second, Newcastle will have their tails up in the hunt for another!
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! And they've got another!!! The Geordies are in dreamland as Guehi fails to deal with a long ball from the back. He slips over on the edge of his own box, allowing Longstaff to steal in behind him and thump a low shot into the bottom corner! Palace are wilting as the Magpies soar, and it's 3-0 in this one-sided first half!
Newcastle have now scored 10 first-half goals in nine Premier League games this season, the most of any team in the division, with their four between minutes 30 and 45 also a league record so far!
A late challenge from Edouard on Trippier isn't received at all well by the Newcastle right-back, and after a slight escalation involving several players, Trippier is shown a yellow card for his reaction.
The challenge itself was an unnecessary one from Edouard, who is also shown a late booking.
HALF-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 3-0 CRYSTAL PALACE.
The first half ends with the hosts in total control, as Newcastle score three at the very start and end of the half to take a commanding lead into the second period. Murphy's ambitious chip into the far corner was initially denied, but VAR intervened to rule out the offside decision and put the Magpies 1-0 up after just four minutes. The game then hit a bit of a lull period as the two sides battled for consistent possession, but the steady pressure built by Newcastle would pay dividends by the end of the half. A sumptuous Murphy cross was diverted into the net by Gordon, and Longstaff also popped up in injury time to capitalise on a Palace mistake for 3-0. The visitors have hardly threatened at the other end, and their late collapse means it's a long, long way back for Palace in the next 45 minutes.
Palace have now been kept scoreless in eight of the nine first halves they've played this season, and unless they can find a goal early in the second here at St. James' Park, Newcastle will ride out a comfortable victory and condemn the Eagles to a third defeat of the season.
Hughes resumes proceedings on Tyneside, kicking off the second half for Palace.
Gordon drifts in-field to release Wilson down the left, but the striker's cross into the middle is headed clear by Andersen.
Ward looks to beat Burn around the outside as he chases Andersen's pass forward, but the Newcastle defender shepherds the ball brilliantly as it rolls behind for a goal-kick.
Hughes turns and runs into open space, leaving several defenders behind him as he approaches the box, but he's tackled and dispossessed before he can pull the trigger!
Guimaraes brings the ball forward and is clattered before releasing Murphy down the right. He finds Gordon again, but neither he, Wilson nor Longstaff can get a shot away before it's cleared, despite having plenty of time to do so!
Hughes wins possession in midfield and passes to Edouard in open space. The ball sits up nicely for him to strike, but Schar is there in cover to make the block for Newcastle!
The Palace corner is headed down to Ward on the edge of the box, but he can only send a half-volley looping over the top and into the stands!
Successive crosses from Trippier are blocked away by Palace defenders, with the second taking a nick off Hughes to go behind for a corner!
BLOCKED!!! Palace's full-backs combine as Ward's floating cross-field pass is cut back across the face of goal by Mitchell at full stretch. Edouard is the recipient and shoots first-time, but Lascelles gets in the way to block and concede a corner.
CHANCE!! The corner is easily dealt with and the Magpies take flight with a speedy counter-attack. Murphy is put into open pasture and crosses for Gordon, but Ward slides into the box and puts the ball over the top to prevent a fourth Newcastle goal!
A heavy touch from Mitchell sees Trippier get to the ball a fraction ahead of the Palace man, who can't stop in time as he clatters the right-back! Both get back to their feet following their latest of several meetings, and the Eagles left-back is shown a yellow card.
Palace's first substitution of the contest sees the booked Mateta withdrawn, and Jesurun Rak-Sakyi enters the fray in a change which will likely see Edouard move into the central striking position.
Pope has to race out his box to clear a ball put in behind his defence, and it falls straight to Lerma. He attempts a half-volley from miles out, but it's off target and easy for the Newcastle goalkeeper to collect.
After winning three of their last five Premier League meetings with Newcastle between February 2019 and April 2021, Crystal Palace are winless in four against the Magpies, failing to score in each of the last three. Barring an unbelievable comeback here, that poor record looks set to extend today.
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! It's four!!!! After a good save from Doucoure, Pope launches the ball forward at speed and Trippier releases Murphy into space. With Palace stretched at the back, the winger fires a cross-field pass into Wilson, who stands up the goalkeeper before slotting superbly into the bottom corner! The Magpies soar from one end to the other, and at 4-0 up have put the result beyond any remaining doubt here.
What a ball from Murphy, picking out his frontman with a sumptuous diagonal pass, and he's been truly on song today for a Newcastle side in top gear.
Two of Murphy's three assists this season have now come in this game, and having not made the fast start to the second half that they did the first, Newcastle tighten their grip further and Palace are reeling.
Four goals to the good, Newcastle now make their four first changes of the game. Tino Livramento is introduced at right-back, taking the place of the consistently brilliant Trippier.
Guimaraes also heads off, and the under-fire Sandro Tonali, in the headlines for off-field betting incidents, enters the fray in place of the Brazilian.
Having scored his first and Newcastle's fourth of the game, Wilson also heads off to be replaced up front by Alexander Isak.
Palace also make a solitary change, as Matheus Franca comes into midfield in place of Hughes for the visitors.
Gordon has been another of Newcastle's best in this game, and he's replaced now by Miguel out wide.
Palace have made just 18 substitutions in the Premier League this season, eight fewer than any other side, while never using more than three in a single game. The last teams to make fewer substitutions at this stage of a Premier League campaign were Burnley (14) and Aston Villa (15) in 2020-21.
WIDE!!! Palace win a corner, which is flicked on at the front post by Ayew. Doucoure's follow-up from the edge of the box is blocked and drops to Guehi, who can only fire wide from close range! That passage of play sums up the Eagles' performance today - they're just not at the races.
SAVED!!! Newcastle burst clear at the other end again, as Almiron is put through on goal. Mitchell gets across to force him wide, and the eventual shot from the Paraguayan is straight at Johnstone, who makes the save!
Franca turns and drives into open space before shooting from 30 yards, but the Palace substitute's effort is always rising as it sails beyond the uprights!
Despite Palace committing 11 fouls in this game so far, higher than their season average, they've not prevented Newcastle from recording more shots (seven) and crosses (15) than they average per game in the Premier League.
Joelinton's industrious performance has gone under the radar for Newcastle, as Elliot Anderson replaces the Brazilian for the final 10 minutes of this game.
Palace are hardly laying a glove on Newcastle at the moment, and are largely chasing shadows at 4-0 down. Their inconsistent form this season looks set to continue, with the scoreline and manner of defeat surely a worry despite it only being their third of the campaign.
SAVED!!! The Eagles win a free-kick 25 yards out, and Edouard fancies his chances. The shot appears destined for the top corner, but Pope stretches and sticks out a big right hand to tip the ball past the post!
Rak-Sakyi and Ward combine down the right as the latter fires a cross towards the back post, and despite being under no pressure whatsoever, Livramento's poor first touch gifts Palace a corner!
Lerma heads off in Palace's latest change, and young prospect David Ozoh will make a late appearance from the bench in the Colombian's place.
We're almost at the 90, with Newcastle closing in on a comfortable victory. That shaky opening few weeks which featured three straight losses now looks light years away, and with four wins in five about to be sealed, it's a good time for those in black and white.
BLOCKED!! Palace make a late charge on the counter and Franca releases Rak-Sakyi. He skips past Schar before shooting from a tight angle, but the Magpies defender slides in to make a timely block!
We're into four additional minutes at the end of the second half, which Newcastle players and fans alike will certainly enjoy as they close in on three vital points.
There's a break in play following an injury to Palace forward Edouard, who is down in Newcastle's box receiving treatment. He's eventually back on his feet though, and we're cleared to continue.
FULL-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 4-0 CRYSTAL PALACE.
The full-time whistle goes, as Newcastle return to winning ways with a resounding 4-0 victory over Crystal Palace! With the majority of the damage done via three first-half goals, the second period played out in much the same fashion, with the Magpies dominating the ball and most of the chances. Several Palace blocks denied them early on, but Eddie Howe's side struck their fourth on 66 minutes as Callum Wilson finished off a rapid-fire counter-attack. Almiron spurned a late opportunity to score a fifth for the Magpies, and while Palace produced half-chances through Guehi, Rak-Sakyi and Edouard, Pope was only tested by the latter's free-kick. Newcastle take all three points and climb to fifth in the table with the daunting task of facing Arsenal next up, while the Eagles remain 10th having now won, drawn and lost three each of their nine matches.
Hello everyone and welcome to live text coverage of the Premier League clash between Nottingham Forest and Luton Town.
We are set for a big game at the City Ground between two sides in the bottom seven of the Premier League table. Forest, who are 13th, could climb into the top half with a victory here. Meanwhile, 17th-place Luton could pull clear of the relegation zone should they take the spoils.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-3-3): Matt Turner; Serge Aurier, Willy Boly, Murillo, Harry Toffolo; Ibrahim Sangare, Orel Mangala, Nicolas Dominguez; Morgan Gibbs-White, Chris Wood, Anthony Elanga.
SUBS: Odisseas Vlachodimos, Moussa Niakhite, Neco Williams, Joe Worrall, Ola Aina, Cheikhou Kouyate, Ryan Yates, Andrey Santos, Brandon Aguilera.
LUTON TOWN (4-4-2): Thomas Kaminski; Reece Burke, Tom Lockyer, Teden Mengi, Alfie Doughty; Tahith Chong, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu, Marvelous Nakamba, Chiedozie Ogbene; Jacob Brown, Carlton Morris.
SUBS: Tim Krul, Issa Kabore, Gabriel Osho, Jayden Luker, Ross Barkley, Andros Townsend, Ryan Giles, Cauley Woodrow, Elijah Adebayo.
Steve Cooper makes a single change from Forest's goalless draw at Crystal Palace last time out. It comes on the left wing with Elanga replacing Callum Hudson-Odoi. Niakhite returns from a ban on the bench, but Taiwo Awoniyi, Gonzalo Montiel, Danilo, Felipe, Nuno Tavares and Wayne Hennessey form a lengthy injury list.
As for Luton, Rob Edwards makes two alterations to the side that began the defeat against Tottenham before the international break. Mengi replaces Mads Andersen, who faces a lengthy spell on the sidelines with a hamstring injury, while Brown takes Abebayo's place up front. Dan Potts, Amari'i Bell, Jordan Clark and Albert Sambi Lokonga are unavailable for the Hatters through injury.
Forest have lost just two of their last 18 Premier League games on home soil. That will stand them in good stead against Luton, who have won on just one of their last 14 visits to the City Ground.
The teams are out and we are almost ready to go.
Referee Samuel Barrott blows his whistle and Luton get the match under way!
Wood looks to cushion the ball into Elanga's path on the edge of the penalty area. But Luton have plenty of players back to snuff out the danger.
Forest are aiming to end a four-game winless streak today. The Reds have drawn three times during that run.
CHANCE! Good link-up play releases Toffolo down the left flank. The full-back's cross finds Wood, whose volley is held by Kaminski
The hosts continue to threaten and Sangare heads Aurier's cross towards goal, but it is just too high.
INCHES AWAY! Luton respond and Ogbene whips a delicious ball across the face of goal. Morris and Brown slide in to connect, but cannot quite do so to apply the finishing touch.
You must go back to 1987 for the last time Luton won successive away games in the top flight. Can they break that unwanted streak today?
Elanga looks to work his way into the Luton area, but Burke does well to deny him before Sangare is penalised for bundling over Lockyer.
Forest change the angle from a corner, which Gibbs-White plays short before eventually whipping the ball into the box. But Kaminski is equal to it.
Not quite! On the turn, Brown looks to guide a low cross towards goal, but drags the ball wide of the far post.
Luton are still finding their feet in the Premier League, having lost six of their opening eight games. But a couple of positive results would help build momentum and potentially keep them away from trouble.
Premier League winner Wes Morgan is watching on from the stands. The former defender, who captained Leicester City to top-flight glory in 2015-16, previously made over 400 appearances for Forest.
Forest have enjoyed over 60 per cent of the possession, but the game remains goalless at the midway point in the first half.
CLOSE! A let-off for Luton, who fail to clear the ball from inside their six-yard box. It drops for Toffolo, but Kaminski manages to keep it out and the visitors escape.
Aurier climbs to meet Gibbs-White's corner into the box, but the defender cannot keep his header down.
Forest are five points better off than they were at this stage last season. Cooper will be hoping his side can stay well clear of danger this time around.
The hosts are awarded a free-kick inside the Luton half after Lockyer fouls Dominguez. This is a good opportunity to threaten.
Nothing comes of the free-kick as Luton stay alert and are able to clear their lines.
There is a break in play as Chong goes down after he is accidentally caught by Aurier. The latter's reaction demonstrates the fact it was not intended.
Chong is not moving particularly easily as he gets to his feet and heads towards the touchline. But he should be fine to continue.
Back in the thick of the action, the ball drops to Chong outside the Forest area. The winger chests down a clearance and hits a sweet volley, but it is straight into the arms of Turner.
The match is still goalless as we approach the final five minutes of the first half. Can either side find the breakthrough?
Although Forest have enjoyed 65 per cent of the possession, it is worth noting they are winless in each of their last four league meetings with Luton.
Morris gets his head on the end of Burke's cross from the right. The striker has plenty of work to do, but sees his looping header only just drop the wrong side of the crossbar.
CHANCE! Wood should score! Following a neat, flowing move by Forest, Aurier slips at a vital moment. But the defender recovers and chips the ball into the six-yard box, where Wood can only head over the bar. The striker was under pressure from Ogbene, but still should have done better in all fairness.
WHAT A CHANCE! Sangare must do better! An unmarked Gibbs-White is able to connect with a long ball over the top of the defence. Kaminski parries his drilled centre into the path of Sangare, but he fires wide from less than 12 yards out.
HALF-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 0-0 LUTON TOWN
We are still awaiting the breakthrough at the City Ground, where Nottingham Forest and Luton Town remain in deadlock. The hosts have seen the better chances go begging - particularly at the end of the half through Chris Wood and Ibrahim Sangare, who were off target from close range.
The two sides registered a combined four shots on target during the opening 45 minutes. Both must look to be more clinical after the break.
The action resumes at the City Ground.
WOOD!!! 1-0 FOREST! What a start to the second half by the hosts! Forest counter and a neat exchange of passes between Gibbs-White and Elanga releases Wood, who calmly lifts the ball over Kaminski.
Elanga provided a neat throughball for Wood to run onto and finish.
Forest have their tails up and the home fans are right behind their team. Elanga looks to release Dominguez, but Kaminski races out of goal to clear the danger.
CHANCE! Wood should score! The striker peels away from his marker to meet Gibbs-White's cross to the far post, but cannot keep his header down from close range.
BROWN SHOULD DO BETTER! Luton look to respond at the other end and Ogbene clips the ball towards Brown, but the striker heads straight at Turner with the entire goal to aim at.
Chances are coming for both sides. Gibbs-White wrestles possession from Mengi and tries his luck from the edge of the box. Kaminski has to get down and push the ball to safety.
Burke picks up a knock and is unable to continue. He limps off to be replaced by Kabore.
Luton will hope the decision to substitute Burke was precautionary. With several players already sidelined, the last thing they will want is another injury.
Both sides have made a purposeful start to the second half and Forest are a goal to the good as we approach the hour mark. Wood's strike separates the two teams.
Sangare trips Chong and goes into the book.
Good try! Gibbs-White bursts into the area to receive Mangala's pass and cuts onto his left foot, but cannot keep his shot down.
As things stand, Forest would climb into the top half of the Premier League should they hold on for all three points here.
The hosts push for the second goal and the ball drops for Sangare in the box, but he is unable to find the target from close range.
Luton attack at the other end and the ball breaks for Nakamba to strike from distance. But his long-range attempt is always rising.
Forest threaten from a corner and Dominguez nods the ball towards goal, but Kaminski manages to hold on to his looping header.
Luton make a triple-change. The first sees Ruddock Mpanzu replaced by Barkley.
Chong also departs the action with Townsend on for his debut.
Adebayo also enters the action in place of Brown.
Adebayo is involved immediately as he connects with Ogbene's drilled centre, but he cannot steer the ball towards goal.
Luton appeal for a penalty as Morris goes down under pressure from Sangare. However, the referee is not interested.
WOOD AGAIN!!! 2-0 FOREST! It's that man again! Elanga teases Kabore before delivering an inviting cross. Wood attacks it and brilliantly plants his header just inside the far post, leaving Kaminski clutching at thin air.
Elanga grabs his second assist of the game after providing a lovely cross for Wood to attack.
Forest make three changes. Kouyate replaces Sangare in the first of those.
Worrall also enters the action with Boly making way.
The third change sees Yates take Dominguez's place.
Yates immediately has an opportunity to make it 3-0, but he fires his shot too high from a tight angle.
Luton make another change with Woodrow replacing Morris up front.
Gibbs-White goes into the book for a needlessly late challenge on Barkley.
OGBENE!!! 2-1! Hope rekindled for Luton! The visitors send in a free-kick from the left that bamboozles the Forest defence and ricochets kindly for Ogbene, who brilliantly fires home on the volley.
There was a lengthy VAR check for a possible offside against Ogbene. It is tight, but they give the Luton man the benefit of the doubt and the visitors' deficit is halved.
Forest make a double-change. The first sees Williams replace Elanga.
Aina is also introduced by Cooper with Aurier making way.
There are going to be eight additional minutes played at the end of this game.
Lockyer sent a long ball into the box towards Adebayo, who has brought Luton level in this game.
ADEBAYO!!! 2-2! Luton are level! Adebayo outmuscles Worrall as he controls Lockyer's long ball into the box, before drilling past Turner from eight yards out. The travelling supporters are ecstatic and rightly so!
What a response by Luton! The visitors seemed well out of this contest at 2-0 down, but it has been a brilliant comeback to bring themselves level.
OFFSIDE, NO GOAL! Wood briefly thinks he has won it for Forest as he latches onto a throughball, and drills it into the bottom corner. But his joy is cut short by the offside flag, and it was the right decision.
We are into the final 60 seconds of stoppage time. Will this scoreline remain, or are we going to see another dramatic late twist?
Murillo is late on Nakamba and can have no complaints as he goes into the book.
FULL-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 2-2 LUTON TOWN
Luton produced an inspired late comeback to salvage a point against Forest, who led 2-0 at the City Ground thanks to Wood's brace. But Ogbene gave the Hatters hope in the 83rd minute, before substitute Adebayo equalised in stoppage time. The result sees Luton remain 17th in the Premier League table - though a point clear of the bottom three - while their opponents drop two places to 15th. The two sides are on their travels when they return to action next Sunday; Forest head to Liverpool and Luton are away at Aston Villa. Thank you for joining us today. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Sheffield United and Manchester United.
Before looking ahead to this game, it is important to note Manchester United will be wearing black armbands to pay their respects to club legend Bobby Charlton, who died at the age of 86 on Saturday. Charlton – a key figure in England’s 1966 World Cup victory – remains one of the most significant players in the Red Devils' history, playing 758 games for the club and winning the European Cup in 1968.
The Blades have endured a tough start to their top-flight return, sitting at the bottom of the table. Paul Heckingbottom’s side are yet to win in the league and have just one point after eight games. Sheffield United were 3-1 losers at Fulham in their last outing before the international break, with improvements desperately needed ahead of this Bramall Lane clash.
Manchester United were saved by Scott McTominay’s stoppage-time double against Brentford, salvaging a 2-1 victory having been on the brink of another chastening defeat at Old Trafford. The Red Devils have underwhelmed this campaign, already trailing fourth-placed Liverpool by five points ahead of this weekend’s fixtures, after winning four and losing as many from their opening eight games.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (4-3-1-2): Wes Foderingham; Jayden Bogle, Auston Trusty, Jack Robinson, Luke Thomas; Gustavo Hamer, Vinicius Souza, Oliver Norwood; James McAtee; Oliver McBurnie, Cameron Archer.
SUBSTITUTES: John Fleck, Rhian Brewster, Benie Traore, Ben Osborn, Anis Ben Slimane, Ryan One, Jordan Amissah, Femi Seriki, Jili Buyabu.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Victor Lindelof, Jonny Evans, Harry Maguire, Diogo Dalot; Sofyan Amrabat, Scott McTominay; Antony, Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford; Rasmus Hojlund.
SUBSTITUTES: Altay Bayindir, Mason Mount, Anthony Martial, Christian Eriksen, Alejandro Garnacho, Raphael Varane, Facundo Pellistri, Donny van de Beek, Hannibal Mejbri.
Heckingbottom makes two enforced alterations from the defeat to Fulham. Anel Ahmedhodzic and Chris Basham both miss out through injury and are replaced by McAtee and Robinson.
Erik ten Hag opts for two changes to his last starting XI, with two-goal hero McTominay coming in for the injured Casemiro. Mount also drops down to the bench as Antony takes his place on the right-hand side, joining Fernandes and Rashford in behind Hojlund. Kick-off will soon be upon us in Sheffield!
Fernandes carries out and places down a wreath in honour of the late Bobby Charlton, a figure embroiled forever in Manchester United and England history, before a well-observed moment of applause. Referee Michael Oliver then gets this Premier League clash under way!
Antony is felled early on by a sliding Souza. A capacity crowd inside Bramall Lane are unimpressed with that decision as Manchester United restart with a free-kick on their right-hand side.
Archer is hustled off the ball by McTominay, who is penalised as the Blades are awarded a left-wing free-kick. Norwood whips the set-piece towards the near post, where Fernandes heads comfortably clear.
CHANCE! Smart link-up play sees Archer spring in behind the Red Devils' defence before Hamer unleashes a right-footed strike that deflects off Maguire. The loose ball falls to McBurnie, who can only prod straight at Onana when completely unmarked inside the area. What a chance for the Blades!
The hosts have started the better of the two sides, enticing the Bramall Lane faithful into making some noise. McBurnie and Archer are finding pockets of space and dragging Maguire and Evans all over the place. Can Ten Hag's side settle?
Maguire and Onana offer the visitors a brief scare with some intricate passes between the pair at the back, but they manage to escape the Sheffield United press. Maguire, of course, is returning to his boyhood Blades and will be keen to impress.
Fernandes looks to slide Antony in down the right flank but the winger is penalised for nudging Thomas to the ground from behind. The former Ajax man did not need to commit that foul in what was a promising position for the away side.
Manchester City loanee McAtee darts inside but his cross is headed away by Maguire before McTominay protects his back four. Norwood soon regains possession but cannot do anything with the ball from a deep central position.
Maguire clumsily bundles through the back of the energetic Archer, who wins a free-kick inside Manchester United's half. Norwood swings the set-piece towards the near post but Fernandes again clears as the first line of defence.
Another inviting McAtee cross from the right-hand side causes chaos inside the Manchester United area. McBurnie looks to bring the bouncing ball down before falling to the ground, but referee Oliver is far from interested in the appeals for a penalty.
SAVE! Rashford has acres of space to maraud down the left flank before cutting back for Fernandes, who plays across to his right to Antony. The Brazilian winger curls a left-footed shot towards the bottom-left corner, where Foderingham makes a routine save low down to his right.
Rashford's left-wing centre for Hojlund is cleared by Thomas, but only as far as Antony. The Red Devils' attacker takes a first-time left-footed volley that is always going wide to the right of goal.
Hamer whips a dangerous delivery towards the far post, where McBurnie looks to jump above Evans. Onana comes out to command his area, claiming the cross before clattering into the Northern Ireland centre-back, who stays down for a moment or two to regain his breath after that collision.
Onana goes down off the ball and requires some medical attention. The Manchester United goalkeeper had clashed with his own player, Evans, in an aerial challenge just a few minutes ago. After a brief pause, play resumes with a Sheffield United throw-in.
Thomas seizes on possession before dancing into the area on the left-hand side and seeing a left-footed cross deflected behind for a corner by Dalot.
McTominay opts to clear long after Hamer's corner is worked back towards the box by McAtee. It is hard to tell which team is struggling at the bottom of the table so far, such has been the nature of Manchester United's toothless performance.
CLOSE! Dalot's loose pass sets Archer free before the former Aston Villa forward bursts down the middle and aims a right-footed drive towards the bottom-left corner. Onana manages to parry away an unconvincing save before the visitors clear behind for a corner, which comes to nothing.
Heckingbottom has lost 14 of his 18 Premier League games as a manager (78 per cent - W3 D1). Among managers to take charge of 10+ games in the competition, only Jan Siewert (80 per cent - 12 defeats in 15) has a poorer loss ratio. His side have started well at Bramall Lane, however.
Maguire is fortunate to get away with a pull back on Archer's shirt before Souza clatters into the centre-back with a sliding challenge. The former Sheffield United defender stays down for a brief moment but is fine to continue without receiving medical attention.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 1-0 MANCHESTER UNITED! It's McTominay, the two-goal hero against Brentford, who strikes again! Lindelof works an offload inside to Fernandes, who loops a pass from the edge of the area into the box. McTominay races onto the high ball, chesting down before rifling a right-footed volley into the bottom-right corner. Foderingham is unmoved as Sheffield United fall behind.
Fernandes takes the credit for the assist with a deft flick into the area before McTominay makes a goal out of nothing with a fine volley.
Completely against the run of play, Manchester United are ahead. Onana claims a comfortable delivery from the right-hand side and Bramall Lane has been silenced. Can the Blades find a way back?
PENALTY TO SHEFFIELD UNITED! Minutes after sending Manchester United into the lead, McTominay is penalised for handling inside the area and Sheffield United are awarded a spot-kick. McAtee aims a hopeful ball towards the near post, where the Scotland midfielder's arm is dangling to his side and referee Oliver immediately points to the spot! The VAR will take a look at this decision first...
THE DECISION STANDS! The VAR reviews the footage, taking a while to decide whether McTominay has handled inside the area before confirming the on-field decision can stand. It will be McBurnie over the penalty...
GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 1-1 AS SHEFFIELD UNITED HIT BACK IMMEDIATELY! McBurnie hovers over the spot-kick from 12 yards before hammering a right-footed strike in off the right post. Onana dives the right way but cannot stop the forward's thunderous effort from cannoning off the woodwork and into the back of the net!
From hero to zero, McTominay will be wondering whether he could have kept his arm out the way when moving to block McAtee's cross. Manchester United can hardly have any complaints and the Blades are deservedly level.
Dalot is caught late by a loose Hamer arm as the former Coventry City midfielder blocks the full-back's run. The VAR has a quick check of the challenge before deciding no further punishment is required for the Sheffield United man.
Thomas drags down Antony as the winger races away down the right flank. Unsurprisingly, the full-back is shown a yellow card for his cynical intervention.
SO CLOSE! Antony dances inside from the right-hand side and angles a cross towards the back post, where Rashford volleys across the face of goal. All Hojlund has to do is make contact for his first Premier League goal, but the Manchester United forward cannot quite reach the chance and the Blades escape without punishment.
Rashford speeds back to do his defensive duties but fells McAtee, allowing Sheffield United a free-kick wide on the right flank. The hosts go short before Lindelof clears a cross at the near post.
CHANCE! Archer produces an excellent run to go past both Dalot and Amrabat before exchanging a one-two with McBurnie. However, Onana races out and slides to smother Archer's right-footed effort, sparing the blushes of a torrid Manchester United defensive unit.
Norwood needlessly hacks at the ankles of Fernandes and Manchester United win a free-kick in a great position just outside the area. Fernandes and Rashford will fancy their chances here.
OFF THE BAR! Fernandes takes the free-kick responsibility and curls a right-footed strike over the Sheffield United wall. Foderingham is unmoved and watches as the whipped effort clips the crossbar on its way behind for a goal-kick. The Blades are fortunate to have escaped there!
Trusty joins Thomas in the book after jumping to block Rashford from taking a quick throw-in on the left flank. That was avoidable for the centre-back, who will now need to be careful on a yellow card.
There will be six minutes of additional time to end this half, owing to the two goals, the VAR checking the penalty decision and injuries to Maguire, Onana and Evans.
SAVE! Fernandes finds a pocket of space outside the area before offloading to Rashford, who cuts inside and drills a right-footed shot at goal. A loose ball falls to the feet of Hojlund, whose right-footed prod is saved well by the onrushing Foderingham. Another great chance for the Red Devils goes amiss.
Sheffield United are camped inside their own half as Manchester United look to ramp up the pressure. However, McTominay strays offside and the Blades will regain their breath as the half-time whistle approaches.
HALF-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 1-1 MANCHESTER UNITED
Sheffield United have battled well and are deservedly level at 1-1 heading into half-time against Manchester United at Bramall Lane. McTominay opened the scoring with a fine piece of skill, chesting down before smashing a volley past the helpless Foderingham. However, the Scotland international conceded a penalty just four minutes later, allowing McBurnie to restore parity with a thunderous spot-kick. Fernandes clipped a free-kick against the crossbar shortly afterwards near the conclusion of an end-to-end first half.
It is a familiar story for both managers. Ten Hag's side have struggled to get going away from home in the Premier League once again, and were perhaps fortunate to take the lead against the run of play. Heckingbottom's Blades raced out the blocks but could not make their dominance count, although they remain in the game heading into the second period.
Referee Oliver gets the second half under way! A repeat of the first 45 minutes would make for a real spectacle under the lights at Bramall Lane.
Rashford looks for a way past Bogle but Sheffield United get two men behind the ball to deal with the danger. The England winger keeps finding space on the left-hand side but has not found a way to test Foderingham as of yet.
CHANCE! McAtee wanders inside before offloading to Norwood, who fires a left-footed effort towards the top-left corner. The shot looks to be rising over the bar but Onana makes sure by tipping behind for a corner.
Lindelof clears the first corner behind for another set-piece, which is initially delayed as referee Oliver wants a word with Maguire and Trusty, who were grappling inside the area. Norwood then delivers but fails to find a team-mate and Manchester United settle for a throw-in.
McBurnie, who scored the first-half equaliser, is limping around and has to come off for Brewster.
SO CLOSE! Brewster is immediately involved and smashes a swerving right-footed effort from range. Onana's feet are all over the place but the goalkeeper manages to parry away another unconvincing save. McAtee wants the follow-up but the ball loops over his head and the Red Devils clear the danger.
The VAR has a quick check of Maguire's challenge on McAtee from Brewster's shot, but deems the centre-back has not fouled the leaping Sheffield United attacker. That would have been harsh on the former Blades defender.
Fernandes and McTominay look to exchange passes on the edge of the area before the latter's shot is deflected behind for a corner on the left-hand side. Amrabat receives a short corner but his cross goes straight behind for a goal-kick.
WHAT AN OPPORTUNITY! Foderingham fails to find Trusty with a poor pass, allowing Rashford to burst forward towards the area. The England international offloads to Hojlund, who has tons of time but can only fire a weak left-footed strike straight at the Sheffield United goalkeeper.
WIDE! The Manchester United fans cannot believe their side are not ahead. Antony bursts inside before finding Fernandes, who unselfishly offloads to his left for Rashford. The England international angles a left-footed shot towards the bottom-right corner but drags a great opportunity wide of the target.
Ten Hag's visitors are in control of this second half but have yet to find the breakthrough they desire. Heckingbottom's side appear intent on survival only at the moment as the subdued Bramall Lane crowd watch on.
Souza is the third Sheffield United name to go into the book after a late and ugly sliding lunge on Antony, who stays down clutching his ankle after a hefty challenge.
Hojlund's frustrating outing is over as Ten Hag sends Martial on up top.
Eriksen replaces McTominay, too, as the Red Devils shuffle their midfield.
Garnacho is the third part of a triple change as Antony makes way.
Sheffield United have conceded two or more goals in each of their last seven Premier League games (21 conceded, three per game). There have been just eight occasions of a side shipping two or more goals in eight straight matches within a single season in the competition, most recently West Brom in February 2021 (8) – a run that the Baggies ended by drawing 1-1 with Manchester United. At present, the Blades' defence has only been breached once.
Hamer hits a hopeful right-footed strike that is always rising over the crossbar from range. Onana quickly gets play restarted with a short goal-kick.
OFF THE WOODWORK! Sheffield United deal with Fernandes' right-sided corner and then Eriksen's second delivery towards the area. However, Amrabat receives possession on the edge of the box before arrowing a right-footed piledriver that crashes off the right-hand post. So close for the Red Devils!
Eriksen whips an aimless free-kick to no team-mate inside the Sheffield United area. Ten Hag's visitors have just over 20 minutes to find a goal.
Archer bursts through the middle after McAtee's pass but Amrabat is swiftly on the scene to snuff out any danger. The Sheffield United forward looks the Blades' best hope of another goal at Bramall Lane.
Since the start of last season, no side has seen more Premier League goals scored by substitutes (excluding own goals) than Manchester United (15, level with Brighton), with McTominay scoring a brace from the bench last time out against Brentford. Can another replacement find the winner for the Red Devils?
Maguire and Fernandes cannot find an opening down the right-hand side, such is the resilience and organisation of the Sheffield United backline. Ten Hag's substitutes are yet to have the desired impact either yet.
GOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! 2-1 MANCHESTER UNITED! The Red Devils have their breakthrough and it comes from an unlikely source. Lindelof works a pass inside from the left flank to Dalot, who curls a right-footed strike into the top-right corner from outside the area. Foderingham got a hand on the effort but failed to keep it out!
Defender to defender creates the Red Devils' second goal, as Lindelof plays a pass inside from the left flank for Dalot to whip a fine finish past Foderingham.
Manchester City loanee McAtee is brought off for Osborn.
Martial aims to find space on the right-hand side but Robinson is soon across to deal with the danger. However, the clearance finds Hamer, who is flagged for offside and Manchester United soon regain possession.
Evans is the first Manchester United player to be shown a yellow card after hacking Archer down on the left wing.
Evans stays down after the foul on Archer, meaning Ten Hag must send on Varane as his replacement.
Hamer also makes way for Traore.
Norwood fails to beat the first man with his left-sided free-kick before Thomas whips another cross in. Traore lurks inside the area before Manchester United turn the ball behind for a corner.
Norwood's corner is cleared at the far post before Garnacho speeds away down the right flank. However, the winger cannot find a pass to Fernandes before the Blades win a free-kick near the touchline for a Lindelof foul.
Souza's tackle accidentally sets Garnacho free before the Manchester United attacker sees a left-footed strike deflected behind for a corner. The Red Devils will be in no rush to take this one.
WIDE! Fernandes works a smart pass inside before Garnacho fires a low right-footed drive towards the bottom-left corner. Foderingham is unsighted but watches gratefully as the effort goes just wide to his right.
Mount comes on for Rashford as the Red Devils look to see out the closing minutes at Bramall Lane.
Trusty makes a perfectly timed sliding challenge to dispossess Martial, who was aiming to burst through the middle of the pitch. Norwood then crosses towards the back post before Fernandes intervenes in front of Thomas.
WHAT A MISS! Martial steals possession from Norwood before rolling through for Garnacho, who somehow slides a right-footed strike wide with just Foderingham to beat. A belated offside flag spares the winger's blushes, but the VAR would surely have checked that decision. There are five minutes of additional time remaining.
A throw-in on the left-hand side allows Lindelof and Eriksen to eat into some more valuable seconds. Manchester United have just over two minutes to close out the victory.
A needless Bogle foul on Garnacho gives the visitors a free-kick on the left flank. The Manchester United supporters laud their nimble winger, who is bizarrely taunted by a Sheffield United supporter who made it down to pitchside.
FULL-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 1-2 MANCHESTER UNITED
Manchester United pay tribute to club legend Bobby Charlton, who died on Saturday at the age of 86, with a battling 2-1 victory over Sheffield United at Bramall Lane. McTominay's first-half opener was soon cancelled out by McBurnie's penalty, which was conceded by the Scotland international shortly after his goal at the other end. The Red Devils toiled in the second half and went close through Amrabat before Dalot's curling finish snatched all three points on the road. The victory lifts Ten Hag's side up to eighth, while Heckingbottom's men remain bottom of the Premier League and still without a win this season on their top-flight return. The Blades visit high-flying Arsenal next Saturday before Manchester United host rivals Manchester City the day after. The Red Devils are also in Champions League action against Copenhagen in midweek. That is all for now, until next time – goodbye!
Hello and welcome to this live commentary for the Premier League fixture between Tottenham and Fulham from the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
Tottenham will look to return to the top of the Premier League today with a win to keep their incredible league start under Ange Postecoglou going. Spurs are unbeaten through nine league games - drawing twice - and host London rivals Fulham looking for three wins on the spin after consecutive wins over Liverpool and Luton Town prior to the international break.
Fulham, meanwhile, have enjoyed a solid, if slightly unremarkable start to their second season in the Premier League under Marco Silva. They sit 12th but lost just one of their last five games in all competitions before the international break, most recently winning 3-1 at home against Sheffield United. They face a tough task against Spurs, though, and have historically struggled in league games against London clubs, failing to win any of their last 10 encounters (D4, L6).
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Destiny Udogie; Pape Sarr, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg; Dejan Kulusevsk, James Maddison, Richarlison; Son Heung-Min.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Fraser Forster, Eric Dier, Alejo Veliz, Ashley Phillips, Giovani Lo Celso, Oliver Skipp, Emerson, Brennan Johnson, Bryan Gil.
FULHAM (4-3-3): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Calvin Bassey, Tim Ream, Antonee Robinson; Sasa Lukic, Joao Palhinha, Andreas Pereira; Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Carlos Vinicius, Willian.
FULHAM SUBS: Marek Rodak, Fode Ballo-Toure, Tom Cairney, Rodrigo Muniz, Luc de Fougerolles, Raul Jimenez, Alex Iwobi, Harrison Reed, Harry Wilson.
Postecoglou makes just one change from his side that won 1-0 against Luton. It's an enforced switch as Hojbjerg comes in for the suspended Bissouma who was sent off in that fixture.
Silva, meanwhile, makes two changes to his Fulham side that won 3-1 over Sheffield United. In central defence, the injured Diop is replaced by the returning Bassey, while Lukic comes in for Iwobi in midfield.
Tottenham have won 13 of their last 15 Premier League games against Fulham, with the exceptions both coming in home games (0-1 in March 2013, 1-1 in January 2021).
Fulham get this first half under way!
SAVE! A great early chance as Maddison slips through Son on the left side of the area. The Spurs captain looks to toe poke it across goal but it's denied well by Leno.
Play is called back for an earlier foul as Spurs have a free-kick just outside the area. Maddison tries to play it short to Udogie but the Italian's touch lets him down and Fulham can clear.
A real fast start from Spurs but Fulham now have a moment to take a breather after Son is caught offside on the edge of their box.
Another robust challenge on Maddison - this time from Palhinha - as Spurs are awarded another free-kick on the left side.
Maddison's clipped ball finds Romero at the back post. The Argentine nods it back into the centre of the area but the effort eventually goes over the bar after his centre-back partner Van de Ven can't keep his strike down.
Wave after wave of Spurs pressure at the minute as they win another foul, this time a matter of centimetres from the penalty area when Porro is brought down by Robinson.
Maddison rolls the ball back to Kulusevski, but the Swede's strike is blocked by the onrushing Fulham defence.
Fulham break up the pitch for the first time this game as De Cordova-Reid finds space on the right side. His low ball is looking for Vinicius in the box but it's cleared out for a corner by Romero.
SAVE! A superb save from Vicario who is at full stretch to his left to deny Palhinha's thumping header and keep his side level. A great chance for the visitors.
An action-packed start with four shots in total inside the first 14 minutes. Spurs have had the lion's share of possession, though, with the home side enjoying 68 per cent of the ball in the opening stages.
Spurs are pressing with great intensity and Bassey almost loses the ball in a treacherous position but, in the end, the visitors recover well and win a foul when Porro brings down Willian around the halfway line.
A good burst from Castagne down the right side, but his cross into the box is slightly behind Vinicius and the Brazilian can't generate the right angle from the header as the ball drifts out for a goal kick.
Another corner for Fulham as Romero deflects Robinson's corner behind, but the set-piece comes to nothing as Vicario claims the cross well.
Fulham have found a way to contain Spurs' attacks better since that chaotic start but Postecoglou's side continue to attack with great intensity in front of this frenzied home crowd.
Lukic tries his luck from quite some distance, but it's a poor effort which tribbles comfortably wide of the post.
Maddison rolls the ball to Hojbjerg on the edge of the box but the Dane's effort is straight at Leno who holds on to the well-hit strike.
WIDE! Spurs break with blistering pace down the right as Kulusevski drives into the space vacated by Robinson who was committed up the pitch. The Swede cuts inside onto his left before finding Richarlison but the Brazilian's curling effort from the edge of the box just misses wide of the left post.
Another chance swiftly after for Son but the Spurs captain can't catch the shot cleanly and it's an easy save for Leno.
Richarlison finds Udogie's surging run into the box, but Bassey blocks away the full-back's low cross as the referee waves away appeals for handball.
Maddison has been influential again, so far this game, and gets the ball again on the left side. He cuts inside, onto his right foot, but the low effort is saved by Leno at his near post.
The first booking is shown to Hojbjerg after a mistimed tackle on Willian.
GOOOALLL!! TOTTENHAM LEAD! 1-0! Spurs have the breakthrough and it's the captain, Son, with the goal. Fulham lose the ball cheaply in defence and it's Richarlison who capitalises on the loose ball. He finds Son, who shifts the ball inside onto his right foot before unleashing a vicious curling effort into the top corner from the edge of the box.
Richarlison reacted quickest to the loose ball and found Son who made no mistake.
Forward Spurs come again as Bassey makes a vital header to direct Kulusevksi's cross away from the expectant Son, who was ready to nod home from close range.
Maddison's low, fizzing cross is cleared away by Fulham.
CLOSE! Another flowing move from Spurs who are so close to a second. Son's deft flick sets up Udogie who sees his effort blocked by Ream inside the area before Kulusevski's follow-up shot is somehow blocked behind by Palhinha just metres out from the goal.
De Cordova-Reid's header is deflected behind for a corner by Udogie as Fulham have a chance to send their centre-backs forward.
It's a good cross from Pereira but he's caught in an offside position when the ball comes straight back to his feet.
A teasing cross from Richarlison cant quite find the outstretched boot of Porro inside the box.
Willian is caught in two minds on the edge of the Spurs box and that slight uncertainty allows the Tottenham defence to make the tackle on the Fulham winger.
Spurs now make a surging run into the box through the unlikely source of Romero. The ball is eventually cut back by Kulusevski onto the penalty spot but Fulham make a vital interception with both Son and Richarlison looking to get a strike on goal.
Hojbjerg goes down after a collision with Bassey in the area. The Spurs players appeal to the referee but after a brief VAR check, his decision is upheld and no penalty is awarded.
HALF-TIME: TOTTENHAM 1-0 FULHAM
A frenetic first half draws to a close with Son's goal the difference as Tottenham take a 1-0 lead into the break. Postecoglou's side started fast and could have been ahead inside two minutes but for Leno's superb save to deny Son. The visitors then had a great chance to go ahead themselves, but Palhinha's header was superbly saved by Vicario. Richarlison saw an effort drift just wide of the post, but the Brazillian was eventually involved in Spurs' opening goal, feeding Son who drilled home a wonderful curling effort from the edge of the box. The hosts had chances to extend their lead before the break but were denied by a number of well-timed blocks from Fulham who did well to ensure they remain just one goal behind.
15 shots in total between both sides after an action-packed first half in north London. Spurs had ten with four on target and may feel they should be further ahead given their 66 per cent possession. Fulham have looked dangerous at periods but Silva will want his players to avoid the same errors after the break that afforded Spurs so many chances in the first half.
A double change from Fulham at the break as Vinicius makes way for Jimenez up top.
In central midfield, Iwobi comes on to replace Pereira.
No changes for Spurs who get this second half under way now.
A slightly slower start to this half as Udogie is brought down by De Cordova-Reid inside the hosts' half.
Palhinha's wonderful long ball almost finds De Cordova-Reid on the edge of the box, but the Fulham winger fails to control the ball and the ball escapes him.
Kulusevski's neat spin allows him to beat Robinson on the right wing. He feeds Son, who plays in Richarlison on the left edge of the box, but the Brazillian ballons his effort well over the bar.
Fulham win a free-kick centrally, but the clipped cross just evades Palhinha inside the box and the Spurs defence can clear it away.
GOOOOAAAALLL!! TOTTENHAM HAVE A SECOND! 2-0! A Fulham mistake is punished again as Maddison doubles the home side's lead. Bassey again gives away the ball cheaply in the right corner as Hojbjerg makes the interception. The loose ball falls to Son, who slides through Maddison and the Englishman makes no mistake, calmly finishing past Leno to give Spurs a two-goal advantage.
Son gets an assist to add to his first-half goal as he plays through Maddison who finished low past Leno.
A change after the goal for Spurs as Udogie makes way for Emerson at left-back.
A chance for Fulham to respond quickly from a corner but Spurs do well to clear the threat away.
Sarr retreats well to clear away Castagne's cross with Jimenez well-placed to head on goal.
A slight pause in play as Sarr goes down in the middle of the pitch.
Sarr will make way for Spurs as Skipp comes on to replace him in central midfield.
Fulham also make another change as Wilson comes on for De Cordova-Reid.
Fulham have had 57 per cent possession in this second half but have, thus far, failed to register a shot on goal.
Kulusevski again opts against having a shot in a good position and his eventual attempted pass is intercepted on the edge of the box.
Palhinha fouls Hojbjerg as Spurs win a free-kick in a wide-right position.
Maddison swings in an enticing cross but Son's flicked header at the near posts drifts across goal and out for a goal kick.
Another change for the visitors as Lukic is replaced by Reed in central midfield.
CLOSE! Bassey is almost punished for a third time this game as a heavy touch allows Maddison to sneak in and nick the ball inside the area. The defence recovers for block his eventual effort before Richarlison blazes over from a tight angle.
Despite having less possession this half, Spurs have done an excellent job of controlling the tempo since going two goals ahead. Fulham have barely threatened to get back into the game since conceding that Maddison goal.
A slight pause in play as Richarlison and Wilson both take a tumble after a collision but the pair are back up on their feet now and play can continue.
Some more late changes for Spurs as Richarlison makes way for Johnson in the forward line.
Spurs' second goalscorer, Maddison, also makes way with new signing Veliz introduced to the action.
And now Son,  the home side's other scorer, heads to the bench as Lo Celso comes on in his place.
Fulham, too, make a change as Palhinha comes off for Cairney in midfield.
Robinson delivers a fierce cross from the right, but it's cleared away by the retreating Emerson.
SAVE! Vicario makes a huge save down low to his right after Jimenez is found on the right side of the box. Spurs were appealing for a foul in the build-up but nothing doing for the ref so it's a vital stop from the Italian.
Vicario is the first player to be shown a yellow card this second half.
A nice backheel from Jimenez presents Cairney with a chance from an acute angle but Vicario saves easily at the near post.
Spurs break as Lo Celso looks to feed Veliz but the young striker doesn't quite time his run and is caught offside.
Into the first of seven minutes of added time in this second half.
Robinson's cross find Wilson deep on the right side, but the Welshman's eventual effort is blocked well by Emerson.
Wilson surges through on goal but he can't quite find the space and time for the eventual shot as Emerson recovers to make a vital block inside the box.
FULL-TIME: TOTTENHAM 2-0 FULHAM
A clinical Tottenham punished two Calvin Bassey errors to return to the top of the Premier League with a 2-0 home win against Fulham. Heung-min Son's first-half strike gave the hosts the lead before James Maddison punished another error from the Fulham centre-back, cooly converting past Bernd Leno having been slid through by Son. Maddison almost found a third after another mistake from Bassey before Guglielmo Vicario denied any hope of a late comeback with a smart save to deny Raul Jimenez's effort. Ange Postecoglou's side remain unbeaten in the league and travel next to Crystal Palace for another all-London clash on Friday. Fulham, meanwhile, extend their winless run against London clubs but have a chance to get back to winnings ways next Sunday when they travel to face Brighton. Thank you and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Bournemouth and Burnley.
Bournemouth are winless in their first nine Premier League games and are in the relegation zone after collecting just three points. They have had a difficult start under new manager Andoni Iraola and lost to Wolves in their last outing, with former Cherries boss Gary O’Neil leading his new side to a 2-1 victory. Bournemouth have been beaten in four successive matches, with their last point coming against Chelsea in a goalless draw. They have lost six of their previous eight league matches against Burnley (winning two), including their last four encounters. They desperately need a positive result as they face Manchester City and Newcastle United in their next two top-flight fixtures.
Championship winners Burnley have also had a slow start and are just one place and one point above Bournemouth in the Premier League. Vincent Kompany’s men have lost four of their last five, with their solitary win coming against Luton Town. Only Sheffield United have conceded more than the Clarets this campaign, who are without a clean sheet this term. All of their points have come away from home this season, also drawing with Nottingham Forest, but they will have to recover quickly from their thumping against Brentford. Burnley lost 3-0 against the Bees at the Gtech Community Stadium, with Yoane Wissa, Bryan Mbeumo and Saman Ghoddos all scoring.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Andrei Radu; Max Aarons, Lloyd Kelly, Chris Mepham, Illia Zabarnyi; Ryan Christie, Alex Scott; Marcus Tavernier, Philip Billing, Antoine Semenyo; Dominic Solanke.
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Milos Kerkez, David Brooks, Joe Rothwell, Dango Ouattara, Adam Smith, Luis Sinisterra, Justin Kluivert, Kieffer Moore, Mark Travers.
BURNLEY (4-3-3): James Trafford; Vitinho, Ameen Al Dakhil, Dara O’Shea, Charlie Taylor; Johann Gudmundsson, Josh Cullen, Josh Brownhill; Luca Koleosho, Zeki Amdouni, Anass Zaroury.
BURNLEY SUBS: Jack Cork, Jay Rodriguez, Nathan Redmond, Sander Berge, Mike Tresor, Jacob Bruun Larsen, Hannes Delcroix, Wilson Odobert, Arijanet Muric.
Bournemouth make four changes to the side that lost to Wolves in their last match. Radu replaces Neto in goal, with the former Barcelona man out through injury. Mepham comes into the side and Zabarnyi moves over to left-back, meaning Kerkez drops onto the bench. Cook is suspended and is replaced in the midfield by Christie. Finally, Semenyo comes in for Brooks.
Burnley make five alterations to the team that were defeated by Brentford. Connor Roberts was sent off against the Bees and is replaced at right-back by Vitinho. Brownhill and Gudmundsson come into the midfield, with Cullen retaining his place in the middle. Berge, Tresor, and Odobert are on the bench, but Lyle Foster is completely out of the squad. Koleosho and Zaroury start on the wing, with Amdouni pushing up front.
Bournemouth have lost just one of their 16 Premier League home games against promoted sides (winning nine and drawing six), going down 1-0 against Fulham in April 2019. The match is moments away from starting.
Burnley get this Premier League clash under way.
Both teams have struggled in front of goal this season and will want to change that in what is a crucial match at the bottom of the table. Only Luton Town (22) have had fewer shots on target in the Premier League this season than Burnley (24), who also have the second lowest expected goals tally (7.7). However, Bournemouth have scored the fewest goals (six) and have the lowest shot conversion rate (5.9 per cent) of any side this term.
Billing drives into Burnley's half and approaches the box before sliding a pass down the left to Solanke. He attempts to poke the ball past O'Shea, but the defender slides across and makes a vital tackle. It then rebounds off Solanke and goes out for a goal-kick.
Semenyo moves his body from right to left to fool a defender on the wing. He rushes into space and moves inside before playing a pass across to Tavernier, who directs the ball back across the box. However,  Koleosho gets back to make the interception.
Burnley win a corner on the left and play it short. Gudmundsson then curls a cross into the box that is headed over by Amdouni.
Koleosho collects the ball on the right and is up against Kelly. He looks to go around the Bournemouth captain, but the defender uses his strength and steps across to win possession.
Bournemouth have three players over a free-kick on the right. Tavernier takes it and whips a shot towards the corner with his left foot, with Trafford getting across to punch it behind.
Kelly gets onto the end of the following corner and hooks a shot towards the goal, but his effort is tame and Trafford collects it.
Burnley load the box for a corner on the left. They play it short again and work the ball out to the edge of the box, with Taylor's ambitious effort deflecting behind for a corner.
GOALLL! TAYLOR SCORES! 1-0 BURNLEY! What a strike from the defender. A corner from the left is headed away by Zabarnyi, but O'Shea is there and he knocks it back to Taylor, who crashes his shot past Radu.
O'Shea's header to Taylor is perfect. It drops straight to the scorer, who keeps his eye on the ball before shooting past Radu with an excellent first-time strike.
Burnley have won their last three Premier League away games against Bournemouth – only against Man Utd (five between 1914 and 1921) and Blackburn Rovers (four between 1962 and 1966) have they won more consecutively on the road in the top-flight. They have started well today.
Bournemouth have not started the game well and are now being put under pressure by Burnley, who are full of confidence after their early goal.
A long ball out of Bournemouth's defence is aimed towards Semenyo, but there is too much height on it and it goes straight to Trafford.
Burnley are pressing Bournemouth's defence well and are not allowing them to keep the ball for extended periods of time. The hosts have looked to go long on a few occasions but have wasted possession.
OVER! Bournemouth should be level! Semenyo races down the right and whips an inviting cross into the box. Trafford cannot get there and Tavernier has the chance to put it in from close range but shoots over.
GOALLL! SEMENYO SCORES! 1-1! Semenyo wins possession off Taylor in Burnley's half and rushes into the box. He has Tavernier to his left, but he drives his low strike across the goal and into the bottom corner. There is a short VAR check for a possible foul, but the goal stands.
Burnley haven’t kept a clean sheet in any of their last 15 Premier League games, their longest run without a top-flight shutout since a run of 29 between November 2009 and August 2014.
Bournemouth have the momentum now. Semenyo carries the ball into Burnley's half and looks to find Solanke with a throughball. He cannot get there and Al Dakhil pokes it back to Trafford, but the goalkeeper sends it straight out for a throw-in.
Gudmundsson's corner from the left is headed away, and Burnley have a throw-in on the other side. However, Bournemouth commit men over to that side and win it back almost immediately.
Cullen is the first player to go into the book after fouling Aarons, who was breaking forward.
The linesman is tripped by a sprinkler on the line and the game stops. However, the match gets back under way after a brief delay.
The game has changed since Bournemouth netted the equaliser. The Cherries are in the ascendancy and are controlling the tempo of the game. Burnley are struggling to get out of their half.
Koleosho pushes past Kelly on the right and curls a searching ball into the box. Amdouni rushes towards it, but he cannot get his head on the ball to direct it towards the goal.
Vitinho plays a pass down the wing to Koleosho, who uses his pace to get past Kelly for the second time. He flashes a low cross into the box, but Scott get back to clear it away. Zaroury then has a shot from the edge of the box, but Radu collects it with ease.
SAVE! Tavernier is over a corner on the left and he whips a dangerous cross into the box. Mepham gets away from his marker and is free, but his header is pushed over by Trafford after two attempts.
Tavernier goes over to the right to take the next corner. However, Trafford rushes off his line and clears it away.
Bournemouth have had four corners in this game and have caused problems in Burnley's box with most of them. The original cross is punched away by Trafford, but Billing directs the ball back in. However, Mepham scuffs his shot on the turn.
Semenyo comes inside from the right and looks for the bottom corner with a low strike, but his effort deflects just wide off Taylor, hitting the side of the net on the way through.
There will be three minutes of additional time.
Semenyo rushes down the right side of the pitch to try and get onto the end of a long ball forward. He gets into a race with Trafford and gets his toe onto the end of it, but Trafford pushes it away from his path. There are calls for handball, but the referee allows the game to continue.
Solanke has been quiet in this half but does well to move inside from the left before having his shot from the edge of the box blocked by Cullen. Billing recovers the loose ball but shoots over from distance.
HALF-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 1-1 BURNLEY
Semenyo scored his second Premier League goal of the season to send Bournemouth and Burnley into half-time with the score level. Taylor netted a stunning opener for the visitors, getting on the end of O'Shea's headed pass and blasting his controlled strike past Radu. Tavernier missed the target from close range before Semenyo netted the equaliser. He won possession off Taylor and drove into the box. He ignored options around him and drilled his low strike across the goal and into the bottom corner. The Cherries dominated after scoring but couldn't find a second. Mepham's header was well saved by Trafford, with Solanke having his shot blocked just before the break.
Bournemouth will be disappointed that they couldn't capitalise on their momentum after scoring. The hosts controlled possession and stopped Burnley from breaking forward regularly. Solanke didn't have his usual level of impact for his side, but Semenyo was excellent. He was constantly looking to receive the ball and drive into Burnley's defence third with possession. As for the Clarets, they need to be more versatile in the attack. Koleosho has had the beating of Kelly on the right, but they have only looked like scoring from corners and crosses from open play. They are missing Foster in the attack.
Burnley make a change before the restart. Amdouni is replaced by Rodriguez up front.
Bournemouth get the ball rolling again.
Bournemouth win a free-kick in on the right just outside the box after Aarons is fouled by Zaroury. Tavernier whips a shot towards the goal, but Trafford pushes it away.
Zaroury breaks down the left and tries to move past Aarons on the inside, but the former Norwich City man wins possession with an excellent slide tackle. Christie collects it and looks for Solanke with a direct pass forward but sends the ball out for a goal-kick.
Tavernier receives the ball inside Burnley's half and goes inside before offloading it to Semenyo. He has time and space but takes too long, allowing defenders to get back and win it off him.
Mepham launches a long ball forward, with Solanke only able to head it up into the air on the edge of the box. He races towards it and tries to get there before Trafford, but the goalkeeper collects it. Solanke collides with him and stays down for a brief period before returning to his feet.
Burnley have won just one of their last 13 Premier League games (drawing two and losing 10), beating Luton 2-1 earlier this month. However, their previous eight points in the top-flight have all been won in away games. They have not been able to wrestle back control of the game since the restart, with Bournemouth still looking threatening on the attack.
Aarons gets the better of Taylor on the outside and goes past the defender. However, the defender stops him from getting into the box with a foul and collects a yellow card.
Tavernier is over a free-kick on the right and sends a low pass into the feet of Semenyo. He protects the ball well from Brownhill before blasting the ball straight at Trafford from a tight angle.
O'Shea's clearance is poor and Trafford rushes off his line to claim. He brushes past Solanke on the way through, with the Bournemouth striker hitting the deck. The hosts want a penalty, but the contact was very soft.
Burnley make their first change. Berge comes on for Cullen in the midfield.
Mepham chips a pass over the top of Burnley's defence and into the path of Tavernier on the left side of the box. He volleys a shot across the goal that is pushed away by Trafford. The flag then goes up for offside.
Scott shows some tricky feet and rushes past a couple of defenders. He gets to the byline and cuts a pass back to Semenyo, but he cannot get a shot away. Gudmundsson gets back to poke the ball behind for a corner.
Bournemouth have a couple of corners in a matter of minutes. Scott takes the first, but O'Shea heads it behind. The next cross from the right is inviting, but there is a foul on Trafford in the middle and Burnley have it back.
Billing moves over to the left and curls a low cross into the heart of the box. Solanke gets there ahead of his marker but shoots straight at Trafford.
Al Dakhil is given a yellow card for a foul on Christie.
OVER! Scott is over the resulting free-kick on the left, with the midfielder whipping his shot over the wall and wide and just over.
Burnley make a change on the wing. Larsen is on for Zaroury.
Semenyo makes his way off after an energetic performance in Bournemouth's attack. Ouattara takes his place to try and make an impact.
Burnley manager Kompany will be disappointed with his attack in this half. They have not had a shot since the break.
Rodriguez fouls Scott in Bournemouth's half after Burnley give away possession in a dangerous position. A sign of frustration from the striker, who has not been able to get into the game.
GOALLL! BILLING SCORES! 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH! That could be a vital goal for the hosts! Burnley are poor in possession again, with Vitinho gifting the ball to Billing around the halfway line. The midfielder spots Trafford off his line and chips the goalkeeper. He gets a glove on it but cannot keep it out.
Billing takes off his shirt and is shown a yellow card.
There is still work to do for Bournemouth. No team have dropped more points from winning positions in the Premier League this season than the Cherries (11).
One last throw of the dice for Burnley. They are about to make their last two substitutions.
Burnley make a couple of changes. Koleosho was lively in the first half but has been nullified since the restart. Tresor comes on in the attack.
Redmond is also introduced. He replaces Gudmundsson.
Iraola brings on another defender. Kerkez comes on for Tavernier.
Billing scored Bournemouth's second and is now coming off. Rothwell takes his place in the midfield.
Redmond collects the ball in the middle and launches it down the left, but threre is nobody there. Aarons gets in a race against Tresor and gets there before the Burnley man.
Ouattara goes into the book for time wasting.
Aarons went down a couple of minutes ago and is now coming off. Smith is on.
Burnley clear the ball away, but it drops to Kerkez on the left. He drives a powerful shot towards the goal that defelcts into the hands of Trafford. The Bournemouth substitute wastes possession and the away side have a chance to attack.
OFFSIDE BUT THERE IS A VAR CHECK! Burnley thought they had netted an equaliser. Redmond rushes through the heart of Bournemouth's half and sends a throughball into the path of Rodriguez. He controls it well and sends his effort across the goal and into the corner. The flag goes up, but there is a VAR check.
There will be seven minutes of additional time.
The VAR check is still ongoing. Rodriguez is waiting to see if he has netted Burnley's equaliser. Four minutes have passed since the ball hit the back of the net.
FINAL DECISION OFFSIDE! There was a very long VAR check to see if Rodriguez was in an offside position when Redmond played the pass into him before scoring. However, the offside decision stands and the game continues.
Bournemouth have everyone behind the ball and are clearing it long at every opportunity. There will be more than the seven additional minutes that were allocated after an extended delay.
SAVE AND OVER! What a chance for Burnley! The away side go short with a corner. Taylor curls the ball into the box and Berge meets it. His initial header is pushed away by Radu, with the midfielder shooting over with the rebound.
Larsen rushes down the right and tries to beat Kelly on the outside, but the Bournemouth captain gets across to win possession before clearing the ball up the pitch.
CHANCE! Berge has a late opportunity to score, but his effort deflects into the hands of Radu.
FULL-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 2-1 BURNLEY
Billing scored a stunning goal for Bournemouth as the Cherries came from behind to win in the Premier League for the first time this season. Taylor broke the deadlock for Burnley with a sublime strike. O'Shea headed the ball into the path of the defender, who thumped his effort past Radu from the edge of the box. Tavernier somehow directed his shot over from close range before Semenyo netted the equaliser. He won possession off of Taylor and rushed forward with the ball. He moved into the box and drilled his effort across the goal and into the bottom corner. Billing netted the winner in the second half. Vitinho gifted possession to the midfielder around the halfway line. Billing spotted Trafford off his line and chipped him from distance. Rodriguez thought he had scored a late equaliser for the away side after getting on the end of a throughball and shooting past Radu. However, a prolonged VAR check stuck with the offside decision. Berge had the final opportunity, but he had a shot saved before blasting over. Next up, attention turns to the EFL Cup. Bournemouth host Liverpool and Burnley go to Everton. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Arsenal and Sheffield United at the Emirates Stadium!
A late showing in their last Premier League game saw Arsenal come from 2-0 down to draw with Chelsea at Stamford Bridge to maintain their unbeaten start in the competition (W6 D3). They're looking to close the gap to Tottenham back to two points again at the top of the table and come into this game on the back of a 2-1 victory over Sevilla in the Champions League on Tuesday.
It couldn't be a bigger contrast to their opponents, as United prop up the table with just a solitary point to their name from a draw with Everton, having lost their other eight outings in the Premier League. They're still looking for their first victory in any competition this season and will be looking to turn things around after losing their last five matches on the bounce, conceding 17 times in that run and scoring just two.
ARSENAL STARTING XI (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Jakub Kiwior, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Emile Smith Rowe, Declan Rice, Kai Havertz; Bukayo Saka, Eddie Nketiah, Gabriel Martinelli.
SHEFFIELD UNITED STARTING XI (4-5-1): Wes Foderingham; Jayden Bogle, Auston Trusty, Jack Robinson, Luke Thomas; James McAtee, Oliver Norwood, Anis Ben Slimane, Vinicius Souza, Gustavo Hamer; Rhian Brewster.
SHEFFIELD UNITED STARTING XI (4-5-1): Wes Foderingham; Jayden Bogle, Auston Trusty, Jack Robinson, Luke Thomas; James McAtee, Oliver Norwood, Anis Ben Slimane, Vinicius Souza, Gustavo Hamer; Rhian Brewster.
SHEFFIELD UNITED SUBS: Ryan One, Benie Traore, Andre Brooks, Cameron Archer, Yasser Larouci, George Baldock, Ben Osborn, Adam Davies, John Fleck.
Mikel Arteta makes five changes to the side that beat Sevilla on Tuesday, as Kiwior, Zinchenko, Smith Rowe, Havertz and Nketiah are all brought in. Gabriel, Tomiyasu, Odegaard and Jorginho all start on the bench, while Gabriel Jesus is out after picking up a hamstring injury in that game.
There are just two changes by Paul Heckingbottom from their defeat to Manchester United last weekend. Slimane and Brewster are both brought in to make their first starts of the season. Archer drops to the bench, where they're boosted by the return of Baldock after a calf injury. Oli McBurnie is out with a groin injury sustained in that match.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Hamer gets the game under way for United!
Arsenal win it quickly after the kick-off and they're looking to make a bright start here. They work it upfield well down their left, but Martinelli just can't pick out a cross into the box.
It's patient play from the hosts as they keep United penned back in their own half. Zinchenko and Martinelli link up well once more, but again, the cross is blocked.
The space opens up for Rice just outside the D, so he decides to try his luck. Robinson is in the right place to block it, and then he reacts quickly to stop Nketiah from pouncing onto the loose ball.
Arsenal are unbeaten in 36 Premier League home games against promoted side (W31 D5), with their last such defeat coming against Newcastle United in November 2010.
Saliba trips over the ball and Brewster picks his pocket before Slimane takes over down the left. He cushions it into Hamer's path, but White gets across to dispossess him before he can get it out of his feet.
Nketiah initially does well to hold the ball up against Trusty, but then goes down in the box. The defender got the last touch though, so Arsenal win a corner, which is whipped over everyone in the six-yard box.
United try to pass their way out from the back, but when McAtee runs into Zinchenko, he tries to restart. He gifts it to Havertz, but luckily for him, Norwood is there on the cover.
Zinchenko makes a supporting run into the box, and when he's picked out by Martinelli, he looks to pull it back to Nketiah. Norwood slides in and gets enough on it to help it into Foderingham's gloves.
Arsenal are still dominating possession here, but they're having to be patient. The visitors are pressing high and making it difficult for the hosts to get into the final third.
Hamer's free-kick is plucked out of the air by Raya, and he goes long, setting Martinelli straight on the counter. He can't get past Bogle to have a shot, so he lays it off to Saka, but a heavy first touch shows too much of it to Robinson.
The Blades are moving the ball a lot quicker when they win it back now, and Hamer goes for the big switch out to McAtee. He cuts inside to lose Zinchenko, but there's no one in the box to get on the end of his shot.
It's spread out to McAtee once more, but he quickly loses out this time. United flood back into their own half, and Arsenal are back to knocking it around in front of the visitors, trying to find some space.
Bogle kicked through Martinelli, giving away a foul, and the Brazilian stays down. He's receiving treatment on his ankle, but he'll be able to carry on.
NKETIAH SCORES! The home fans were starting to get frustrated, and Arsenal do something about it! It's worked down the right, through White, Havertz and Saka, who squares it into Rice. He has a quick glance up to spot Nketiah in space near the penalty spot and curls a low cross into him. He takes it around Trusty before slotting past Foderingham. 1-0 Arsenal!
The visitors just don't close Rice down when it's played into him, and it gives him time to pick out a good low cross between the defenders.
Sheff United are back to pressing high upfield instead of sitting back like they'd started to do in the last few minutes. Arsenal are looking for a quick-fire second, but they're being put under some pressure at the moment.
Robinson spots Brewster's run, but Nketiah quickly rushes in to close him down and blocks the pass. He can't make anything of it though as it rolls out for a goal-kick.
It's better from United here as Slimane threads it forward for Thomas, who gets a yard on White. He tries to pull it back from the byline, but his cross is blocked by Saliba as a belated flag goes up.
Saliba goes long over the top, and it's Zinchenko who makes the run off the back of the last man. He brings it down on his chest, but Trusty recovers well to slide in and stop him from getting a shot away.
Thomas decides to go for a more direct route this time, lifting it over the top towards Slimane. He has Saliba tight to his back though, and can't do anything when he brings it down.
Kiwior is allowed to carry the ball a long way, and he threads it forward for Saka. His intended flick doesn't come off, but Havertz does come away with the ball, only to run into Souza.
GOOD SAVE! Smith Rowe and Saka link up well down the left before it's cushioned into Martinelli just inside the box. His first touch gets him away from Bogle before he fires a shot at the near post, but Foderingham pushes it away.
CHANCE! Martinelli has the beating of McAtee and he fizzes a low cross into the box from the byline. Smith Rowe is unmarked but slips as he takes the shot. It loops into the air, and Trusty heads it out for a corner.
Arsenal are upping the pressure here, and United just can't get on the ball at the moment. The hosts want a second goal before the break and are pushing forward with real intent.
Nketiah fouls Robinson, and Foderingham is urged to go long with his free-kick. He clips it to the edge of the box where Norwood is waiting, but he can't bring it under control.
HALF-TIME: ARSENAL 1-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED.
Nketiah's strike gives Arsenal a 1-0 lead over Sheffield United at half-time. It took the hosts a long time to open up their opponents, with the Blades dropping deep to defend their own box. Eventually, they managed to get in behind, with Rice curling a lovely low cross into Nketiah, who made no mistake with a confident finish. Martinelli forced Foderingham into a good save at his near post minutes before the break, while United have struggled to get their forwards into the game.
Arteta's frustration in the first 25 minutes was clear to see as his team struggled to get into the final third, but their patience paid off. They finished the half strongly, and he'll want them to pick up where they left off. Heckingbottom's game plan worked up until the lapse in concentration for the goal. Since then, they've struggled to get out of their own half, but they know they need to take more risks to get them back into this.
Arsenal get us back under way for the second half!
It's Arsenal with all of the possession in the opening exchanges here. The Blades are once again dropping deep to close off any space ahead of them.
NKETIAH SCORES AGAIN! He won the corner which was whipped into the six-yard box by Saka. Foderingham has White and Bogle in front of him and stretches awkwardly to get a glove on it. Nketiah reacts quickly to get onto the loose ball and rifles it into the top right corner of the net. United are claiming the keeper was impeded, but after a quick VAR check, the goal stands! 2-0 Arsenal!
The goalkeeper didn't cover himself in glory from the initial corner, but VAR is looking to see if White blocked him from reaching Nketiah's strike. They see it as a coming together between the players, and the onfield decision stands.
Martinelli is down after being bundled over by Bogle, and it looks like he landed awkwardly on his ankle. He receives treatment, but is okay to carry on.
It's wonderful play from Saka as he drags Thomas out of position before spinning to try and slip it through to Smith Rowe. Robinson reads it well though, and makes an important interception.
HAT-TRICK! Martinelli dinks it over Bogle to pick out Smith Rowe, and United are slow to close him down. He lays it off to Nketiah, who takes on the shot from the edge of the D, firing it over Robinson as he ducks to try and block the shot. Foderingham is stretching, but can't stop it from nestling into the net. 3-0 Arsenal!
Smith Rowe gets the shout from Nketiah, and tees him up for the hat-trick goal.
The visitors are making a double change in response to that third goal. Brewster, who has struggled to get into the game, goes off for Archer.
And Slimane makes way, with Osborn on in his place.
He's only been on the field for a minute, but Osborn clips the back of Havertz's heels and is shown the first booking of the game.
GOOD SAVE! Robinson bundles the ball away from Havertz, but only gets it as far as Martinelli on the left. He clips it to the edge of the box where White meets it first time. His swerving shot is pushed away by Foderingham.
It's better from the visitors as they manage to push Arsenal back into their own box. Archer looks to Thomas down the left, but he's dispossessed before he can pick out a cross.
Arsenal are making a double change now. White is going off for Tomiyasu.
And Martinelli makes way as he's replaced by Trossard.
It looks like Rice has overhit the pass, but Tomiyasu manages to scoop it back from the byline. Nketiah is waiting in the middle to get another chance, but Norwood just beats him to it.
Bogle has his arms all over Trossard as the Belgian tries to cut inside and he's booked for it.
There's another double change for United now. Bogle, who has just been booked, goes off for Baldock.
And Fleck is brought on for McAtee.
And Saka is taken off, with Nelson on in his place.
Arsenal are also making another double swap. Smith Rowe is replaced by Vieira.
Arsenal are keeping the ball well here as they patiently try to draw the Blades out once more. They're moving it from left to right and back again, dragging their opponents across the field.
CHANCE! Trossard gets the better of Baldock, but his cross is headed away by Robinson. It bounces kindly for Tomiyasu on the edge of the box, but he fizzes his low shot wide.
Nketiah has scored his first Premier League hat-trick, and is the first Englishman to do so in the competition for Arsenal since Theo Walcott against West Brom in May 2015.
It's a lovely throughball from Trossard to pick out Nketiah's run off the back of the defender. Trusty reads it well and gets across to put a toe in to take it away from him just in time.
United are back to dropping deep inside their own half here and aren't closing Arsenal down as quickly as they were before. The Gunners are still very comfortable in possession.
The final roll of the dice by Heckingbottom sees One come on for Hamer.
Baldock gave the ball away and Norwood slid in to bring Vieira down right on the line of the box. The home fans are asking for a penalty, but play is allowed to continue. VAR is having a look at this though...
PENALTY TO ARSENAL! The referee is asked to go over to the monitor. It was a poor challenge from Norwood, who slid in to catch the substitute on his heel with his studs. After a long look, the referee comes back on to point to the spot.
Norwood also goes into the referee's book for the tackle.
VIEIRA SCORES! Cool as you like from the man who won the penalty! Foderingham dives to his right and can only watch as Vieira slides it straight down the middle of the goal to make it 4-0 to Arsenal!
Arsenal's last change sees Elneny come on for Rice.
We're into the first of 10 added minutes here, and the Blades are mounting a rare attack. Arsenal are staying compact, and though Norwood manages to slide a throughball into Souza, he can't get past Kiwior.
United are making a late show here as Souza slides it through Tomiyasu's legs before winning a corner off Saliba. The resulting set-piece is too close to Raya though, and the keeper plucks it out of the air.
After a good spell of possession, Souza sloppily gifts the ball to Havertz, who instantly looks to Nketiah. He drives into the box, but the Brazilian recovers well to prevent a shot.
TOMIYASU SCORES! The resulting corner causes all sorts of problems in the Sheff United box as it's flicked on by Elneny at the near post. Kiwior is on the ground which actually helps it on its way to Tomiyasu, and he readjusts quickly to volley his shot into the near top corner. 5-0 Arsenal!
There is a quick VAR check on the goal to make sure there wasn't a handball by an Arsenal player on its way into the net. The check comes up clean, and the goal stands!
Arsenal are happy to just keep the ball now as they wait for the end of the game. There are only a couple of minutes left, and that last goal knocked any fightback out of the visitors.
CHANCE! Nelson flicks it past One and manages to pick out Zinchenko, who cushions it into Havertz. He takes the shot first time, looking to catch Foderingham out at his near post, but he hits the side netting.
FULL-TIME: ARSENAL 5-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED.
Nketiah's hat-trick helps Arsenal cruise to a 5-0 victory over Sheffield United. The visitors actually frustrated the Gunners for the first 25 minutes or so, but Nketiah got his first goal with a smart finish over the keeper. He wrapped up the game within 15 minutes of the second half starting, latching onto Foderingham's poor clearance to rifle in his second before earning the match ball with a wonderful strike from the edge of the D. Vieira won a late penalty which he then coolly converted before Tomiyasu rounded off the scoring in stoppage time with a fine finish following a corner. That win moves Arsenal up into second place, now just two points behind Spurs. Next up for them is a trip to West Ham in the EFL Cup in midweek. The Blades are now the only team in the Premier League without a win to their name as they stay bottom. They host Wolves next weekend. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League fixture at Villa Park, as Aston Villa host Luton Town.
Villa’s resurgence under Unai Emery has continued at pace in 2023-24, with the hosts currently sat fifth on a five-game unbeaten run. That’s included four wins too, including a 6-1 hammering of Brighton, and they come into this game having thumped West Ham 4-1 last time out.
It’s been a different story for Premier League newcomers Luton though, with the Hatters third-bottom on just five points after nine games. A first win of the season at Everton on matchday seven is yet to be replicated, though after consecutive home losses to Burnley and Tottenham, Rob Edwards’ side did produce a glorious late comeback to draw 2-2 with Nottingham Forest in their last game.
ASTON VILLA (4-4-2): Emiliano Martinez; Matty Cash, Ezri Konsa, Pau Torres, Lucas Digne; John McGinn, Boubacar Kamara, Douglas Luiz, Nicolo Zaniolo; Moussa Diaby, Ollie Watkins.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Robin Olsen, Diego Carlos, Youri Tielemans, Bertrand Traore, Callum Chambers, Clement Lenglet, Leon Bailey, Leander Dendoncker, Tim Iroegbunam.
LUTON TOWN (5-3-2): Thomas Kaminski; Issa Kabore, Teden Mengi, Tom Lockyer, Gabriel Osho, Alfie Doughty; Chiedozie Ogbene, Ross Barkley, Marvelous Nakamba; Jacob Brown, Carlton Morris.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: Tim Krul, Cauley Woodrow, Elijah Adebayo, Tahith Chong, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu, Ryan Giles, Andros Townsend, Joe Johnson, Jayden Luker.
Villa have won 4-1 in their last two games, also beating AZ Alkmaar on the continent, and Emery makes four changes from the latter victory ahead of this one. Ezri Konsa and Pau Torres will occupy the heart of the defence, while Nicolo Zaniolo and Moussa Diaby will look to cause plenty of problems in the final third. Douglas Luiz netted either side of half-time against the Hammers, and keeps his place, as does fellow scorer Ollie Watkins up front.
The Hatters make three changes themselves, as Issa Kabore and Ross Barkley come into the wide and central positions of a midfield formation which will shift between 5-3-2 and 3-5-2. Gabriel Osho is also picked to start in defence for the first time this season. Elijah Adebayo, who’s 92nd-minute equaliser salvaged a point against Forest, will look to make a similar impact from the bench.
The teams head out onto the pitch amidst an electric Villa Park atmosphere, and we'll be ready for kick-off in just a matter of moments!
Former Villa midfielder Barkley kicks off for Luton, and we're underway in the West Midlands!
Diaby sparks an early Villa chance after latching onto Kamara's ball into the box. Digne and Zaniolo arrive in support to his left, and a deflected shot from the latter is punched away from danger by Kaminski!
Morris runs in behind the defence to latch onto Barkley's throughball, but he's a mile offside when he does so. He's allowed to carry on though and has a tame shot in the box blocked, and only after that passage of play is the flag raised by the linesman!
WIDE!!! A golden chance for Villa to hit the front! Diaby's square ball into the box is flicked up by Watkins for Zaniolo, whose side-footed volley flashes inches wide of the far post with Kaminski nowhere near it!
The last encounter between these two sides - a League Cup match in August 2016 - saw Luton beat the Villans 3-1 at Kenilworth Road.
Zaniolo looks to step inside Brown and Kabore but is clipped late by the latter, gifting Villa a free-kick in a promising position to cross from.
WIDE!!! Diaby and Digne combine down the left, and the Villa full-back cuts the ball back towards the six-yard box. Zaniolo's there at the near post, but his first-time effort takes a deflection off Mengi and goes behind for a corner!
Luiz's corner is flicked away by Ogbene at the far post, but Zaniolo recovers possession for Villa. He whips a cross in from the right, but Kaminski dives low to claim the ball before Torres can get there.
SAVED!!! Konsa's long ball from deep finds Cash surging into the final third. He crosses for Watkins in the area, but his early shot is parried by Kaminski and the Luton goalkeeper follows up with another excellent stop to keep the Villa striker at bay!
Watkins is the target as Digne hangs up a cross into the box, but Kaminski's there again to make the catch and deny the striker another chance at goal.
A tangle between the number 12's sees Kabore penalised again, who drags down Digne after being beaten on the inside by the Aston Villa left-back.
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! A well-taken opener from the Villa captain!!! The free-kick is played across the edge of the box by Luiz to McGinn, who is given all the time in the world to step away from Ogbene and into the area before slotting the ball into the far corner! You can't say it hasn't been coming, as the Villans take an early 1-0 lead here.
Luiz's pinpoint ball to McGinn was clearly a pre-planned move, giving the skipper the space to take advantage of sluggish Luton defence and pick his spot in the back of the net!
Villa have avoided defeat in their last 17 matches after scoring first in the Premier League, dating back to a 4-2 loss to Arsenal in February. This season, the hosts have won all five of the games they've taken the lead in.
CLOSE!!! Villa go inches away from a second goal!! Digne latches onto a long pass from Torres, and drills a low ball across the face of goal. The arriving Watkins refrains from shooting, but keeps the play alive and crosses back into the area. Zaniolo shoots at the near post, but his close-range effort is blocked behind for a corner by the foot of Kaminski!
Villa win another corner following a mid-air tussle between Kaminski and Torres, but the centre-back's near post header is glanced wide of the target!
Luton win a free-kick and send plenty of numbers into the Aston Villa box, but Doughty's cross from deep is massively overhit and sails behind for a goal-kick.
Cash surges into the final third once again and tees up Zaniolo on the edge of the box, but his snap-shot from 20 yards is easily blocked and dealt with by Osho.
Villa have now scored 10 first-half goals in 10 Premier League games so far, second only to Newcastle's 12 this season.
Ogbene skips around the outside of Kamara and fires a low cross into the six-yard box, but Martinez gets down well to seize possession with Morris ready to pounce!
Kabore bursts onto a loose ball ahead of Zaniolo, but is dragged back cynically by the Italian and Villa's on-loan Roma winger is shown the first yellow card of the game.
Zaniolo twists and turns his way past Nakamba on halfway, but is taken down by the former Villa midfielder and wins a free-kick after there's no advantage to be played.
McGinn rides the challenge of Brown but is then dispossessed by a well-timed sliding tackle from Kabore, and the referee brings play back for the initial free-kick in Aston Villa's favour.
Villa have now scored in 19 consecutive Premier League matches, and given Zaniolo has already managed five shots in the first half-hour here, you wouldn't bet against them adding another before half-time.
Doughty fires a threatening cross into the hosts' box, with Brown arriving late to get on the end of it. Torres gets there first though, and nods the ball back to Martinez, who will be wanting to spark a Villa attack from deep here.
Cash races forward again to latch onto a cross-field pass from Luiz, but his opponent Doughty stands his ground well and blocks the right-backs attempted cross behind for a corner.
Luton win an attacking free-kick after Kabore is clipped late by Luiz, but Barkley's ball in from the right is sent straight into the gloves of Martinez.
A superb flick from Diaby almost allows Zaniolo to run in behind the defence, but Doughty steps across to knock the ball back to Kaminski. The danger's far from over though after the Luton goalkeeper stumbles in his attempt to punt the ball, and the sliced clearance falls straight to Cash!
Lockyer's cross-field pass finds Kabore on the run, and the Burkinabe wing-back takes on Digne. He creates space to cross, but the final ball is atrocious and skews straight out of play!
BLOCKED!! Digne's cut-back into the box is met by Konsa, who keeps the ball alive after having a shot blocked. He tees up Diaby on the edge, who runs onto it at pace and fires a powerful low finish goalwards, but Nakamba gets in the way for Luton!
We'll play one additional minute at the end of the first half, just as Luiz sizes up a corner for the hosts.
CLOSE!! Luiz's delivery is whipped towards the goal frame at pace, and beats everyone in the box before clipping the upright on its way behind!
HALF-TIME: ASTON VILLA 1-0 LUTON TOWN.
A comfortable first half for Villa comes to an end, though the hosts are only 1-0 up despite creating plenty of opportunities! The Villans were straight onto the front foot, with Zaniolo flashing a volley wide before Kaminski produced a fantastic double save to deny Watkins in the box. Luton wouldn't hold out for much longer though, giving McGinn far too much time on the edge of the box as the Villa skipper fired home the opener on 17 minutes! Zaniolo and Diaby have since seen chances blocked as Luton entered damage limitation mode, and coming into the break behind by just a solitary goal, a good start to the second-half from the Hatters could really shake things up here!
We're back and ready to go for the next 45 minutes, with Villa keen to press home their advantage. The second goal of this game, if it comes, could prove crucial - Villa going 2-0 up would all-but guarantee the points, but an equaliser for Luton will blow this game wide open!
Zaniolo was one of Villa's best in the first half, but also picked up a yellow card and is withdrawn at half-time for Leon Bailey.
Diaby kicks off for the hosts, and we're back underway for the second half at Villa Park!
Bailey takes on Doughty as he advances down the right-hand side, but his cross into the area is far too close to Kaminski, who collects for Luton.
Villa have won all four of the games they've led at half-time this season, while in contrast, Luton have lost all four such games so far in 2023-24. Routine.
GOOOOAAAALL!!!! A dream start to the second half for the hosts! McGinn holds off Mengi to tee up a Digne cross, which is arrowed into the box towards Bailey. The substitute nods the ball down, and it'll drop for Diaby to rifle a powerful shot into the bottom corner! Villa double their lead, and now 2-0 down, Luton have a mountain to climb here.
Bailey did brilliantly to beat Doughty to Digne's cross, and his cushioned header bounced perfectly for Diaby to lash home Villa's second of the game.
Cash slides in on Morris to take both man and ball over the sideline, but the first contact was clearly on the Luton striker and Cash can have no complaints when he's shown a yellow card.
Successive crosses from Kabore are headed away by Villa, and McGinn sets off on the counter-attack from the second clearance. Kabore chases him down, but then takes the Villa skipper to ground and is shown a yellow card by the referee.
Ogbene and Doughty play a quick one-two down the left wing and the latter arcs a cross into the box. There's very few Luton shirts to aim at though, and Martinez rushes off his line to take the catch.
CHANCE!!! Watkins spreads the play wide to Bailey, who crosses back towards his striker in the area. Lockyer races across in cover, and does just enough to block Watkins' shot behind for a corner!
Luton make their first changes of the match, the first of which sees Osho withdrawn for the far more attack-minded threat of Andros Townsend.
Brown also heads off having been rather anonymous in the final third, and Tahith Chong will slot into the vacated attacking position for Luton.
Digne bursts forward to get on the end of Torres' clipped pass in behind the defence, but Kabore gets back in cover to block the left-back's cross, and still manages to keep the ball in the field of play!
Chong's throughball down the left opens up space for Doughty to run into, but Cash tracks him all the way and deflects his attempted cross behind for a rare Luton corner.
The initial corner comes to nothing for Luton, but Doughty taps the ball back for Barkley on the edge of the box. He gets a good run-up to strike a first-time effort goalwards, but the 25-yard shot is always rising as it sails over the top of the bar!
OWN GOAL!!! Things go from bad to worse for Luton! Kamara's lofted pass over the top causes all sorts of problems at the back for the Hatters as Diaby steams onto it. He cuts the ball back across the face of goal, which ricochets off Lockyer and rolls into the back of the net! A third goal for the hosts courtesy of the unfortunate Luton captain, and at 3-0 up, Villa are closing in on three points here.
As things stand, Villa have climbed a place into the Premier League top four, while Luton are set to miss out on the chance to climb out of the bottom three!
Ogbene takes on Digne down the right in a bid to create crossing space for the Hatters, but a loose touch allows the Villans' left-back to win possession and clear the ball down-field.
Barkley is clipped and dispossessed in his own defensive third by Diaby, and the referee calls play back for the free-kick just as Watkins looks set to run through on goal!
Townsend's back-heel gives Ogbene the space to beat Digne and put in a cross from the byline, but there's not enough Luton shirts in the box and his floated ball to the back post is easily dealt with.
Luton break at speed down the right-hand side as Morris plays Ogbene into open space, but Kamara surges back in cover and takes the Ireland winger out with a poorly-timed sliding challenge. It's as textbook a yellow card as you'll see, and gives the Hatters a free-kick right on the edge of the box.
CHANCE!!! What a challenge! The Hatters' free-kick is played short to Doughty by Townsend, but it's easily cut out by Luiz and Villa flood forward on the counter-attack. The Brazilian canters over halfway before playing in Bailey to his left, but Kabore slides in brilliantly to prevent the shot and win the ball back for Luton!
Bailey taps the ball past Doughty, looking to run in behind, but he's prevented from doing so by the Luton left-back, whose shirt-grabbing challenge earns him a yellow card.
Two more changes coming for Luton, the first of which sees Zimbabwe midfielder Nakamba replaced by Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu in the middle of the park.
Another alteration up front for Luton also sees Elijah Adebayo introduced, taking Morris' place in the number nine role for the visitors.
WIDE!!! That really should've been number four! Bailey and Diaby combine as the France forward turns and races through the middle. He plays in Bailey to his right, but the Jamaican's shot flashes across the face of goal and wide of the far post!
The booked Doughty comes off in Luton's final change, and Ryan Giles will see out the game in the left-back position for the Hatters.
Kamara comes off for Villa having also picked up a yellow card, and Youri Tielemans replaces him in the middle of the park.
Diego Carlos will also come on to see out proceedings for the hosts, replacing Cash in a change that'll likely see him slot in at right-back.
CHANCE!! Bailey latches onto another incisive ball over the top for Villa, and cuts it back into the middle. McGinn arrives with the goal at his mercy, but scuffs his first-time shot and sends it rolling into the gloves of Kaminski!
OWN GOAL!!! Another bizarre goal goes in, gifting Luton a lifeline in comical fashion! Townsend's cross from the right is met by Konsa, who nods the ball up and then back to Martinez. However, the header loops over the goalkeeper's head and onto the crossbar, hitting the sprawling Martinez in the back and landing in the back of the net! 3-1 inside the final 10 minutes at Villa Park, and could that be the stroke of luck Luton needed to mount a late comeback here?
Ogbene's goal against Forest last time out also came in the 83rd minute, and ended up being the first of a late surge that saw Luton equalise in injury time! They're further behind by two in this one, but stranger things have happened in football - could the ultimate comeback be on?
WIDE!!! Tielemans' foul on Chong gives Luton an attacking free-kick, but Townsend's pinpoint cross into the box is headed wide by Mendi, despite the defender having no-one near him and plenty of time to send the effort on target!
Luton have been a fan on late goals this season, scoring six in the last 15 minutes of their 10 games so far. Only Arsenal (eight) and Liverpool (seven) have scored more in the 2023-24 Premier League.
Villa make two more changes late in the game, with Luiz replaced at the base of their midfield by Leander Dendoncker.
Diaby also comes off having scored Villa's second early in this half, and Bertrand Traore will take his place up front for the final throws here.
We're into four additional minutes at Villa Park - does that give Luton enough time to claw another goal or two back?
BLOCKED!!! Almost another gift for Luton! A dawdling Dendoncker loses out to Barkley on the edge of his own box, and the ball drops to Adebayo. He looks to fire home from close range, but Torres steps across from nowhere to make a crucial block and send the effort behind for a corner!
CHANCE!!! Successive corners give Luton another late chance at a second, and the ball's bouncing all over the place before being turned goalwards by Barkley. He's off-balance as he shoots though, and can only send a tame effort into the grateful gloves of Martinez.
FULL-TIME: ASTON VILLA 3-1 LUTON TOWN.
It's all over at Villa Park, as the hosts make their dominance count to seal a comfortable three points. Spurning several chances in the game's first 45 minutes, Villa wasted no time in the second as Diaby doubled their lead with a low drive from close range. Already 2-0 up with the second period just four minutes old, Unai Emery's side looked to push the envelope and again went close through Watkins, before Luton captain Lockyer accidentally turned the ball into his own net for 3-0. That didn't stem the flow of chances though, with Kabore making a crucial challenge to deny Bailey before both the Jamaican and captain McGinn blazed wide from close range. Another own goal would give Luton some parity late in the game, following some slapstick defending from Konsa and Martinez, but despite Mendi and Adebayo having opportunities to close the gap further, the Hatters were thoroughly second-best throughout and lost 3-1 to a Villa side who are proving to be this season's surprise package. Other results keep the Villans in fifth, just a point outside the Champions League places, while Luton remain languishing in 18th following their seventh defeat of the season.
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League fixture as Brighton host Fulham at the Amex Stadium!
Brighton are looking to get back to winning ways in the Premier League after enduring a difficult run in recent weeks. While the Seagulls managed a 2-2 draw with Liverpool on their last league outing at the Amex, that result was sandwiched between a 6-1 thrashing at Aston Villa and a 2-1 defeat at Manchester City, leaving them seventh in the table ahead of kick-off. This is Brighton's longest winless run in the league since they failed to win any of their first five games under Roberto De Zerbi last year, but they did taste victory in the UEFA Europa League on Thursday, beating Ajax 2-0.
Fulham, meanwhile, have taken a respectable 11 points from their first nine games of the season to sit six points clear of the relegation zone, and they received a huge boost earlier this week as boss Marco Silva penned a three-year contract extension at Craven Cottage. In the short term, Silva's main objective must be to solve Fulham's goalscoring woes – Bobby De Cordova-Reid (two goals) remains the only Fulham player to net more than once in the Premier League this season.
BRIGHTON (4-2-3-1): Jason Steele; Pascal Gross, Lewis Dunk, Adam Webster, Igor Julio; Mahmoud Dahoud, Carlos Baleba; Simon Adingra, Adam Lallana, Kaoru Mitoma; Evan Ferguson.
BRIGHTON SUBS: Bart Verbruggen, James Milner, Joao Pedro, Billy Gilmour, Jan Paul van Hecke, Ansu Fati, Joel Veltman, Facundo Buonanotte, Jack Hinshelwood.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Calvin Bassey, Tim Ream, Antonee Robinson; Joao Palhinha, Harrison Reed; Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Alex Iwobi, Willian; Raul Jimenez.
FULHAM SUBS: Marek Rodak, Harry Wilson, Tom Cairney, Fode Ballo-Toure, Andreas Pereira, Rodrigo Muniz, Sasa Lukic, Devan Tanton, Luc De Fougerolles.
De Zerbi makes six changes to the team which started Thursday's European win over Ajax, with their goalscorers from that game – Joao Pedro and Fati – joining Milner, Van Hecke, Veltman and Gilmour in dropping to the bench. Ferguson, Lallana, Baleba, Dahoud, Webster and Igor come in. Webster may play at full-back with both Pervis Estupinan and Tariq Lamptey sidelined by injury.
Silva makes three changes to Fulham's starting lineup from Monday's 2-0 defeat at Tottenham. Carlos Vinicius misses out with a minor injury, so Jimenez leads the line, while Reed and Iwobi replace Lukic and Pereira further back. Silva is still without right-sided centre-backs Issa Diop and Tosin Adarabioyo, so Bassey – who struggled against Spurs – keeps his place alongside Ream.
Brighton scored a league-high 19 goals from open play across the first nine matchdays of the Premier League season, but they are without a clean sheet in 13 league outings. There is usually plenty of goalmouth action when the Seagulls are involved, but will that be the case here? The players are making their way out of the tunnel ahead of kick-off!
Following a minute's applause to mark the recent deaths of Manchester United legend Bobby Charlton and Everton chairman Bill Kenwright, we are under way at the Amex.
Fulham are wearing a very bright pink away kit for this one, with Brighton moving the ball patiently inside their own territory in driving rain on the south coast.
It looks like Brighton are employing a back three here, at least while in possession. Webster is playing to the right of Dunk, with Igor to the left, as they look to invite Fulham's press. Gross – making his 200th Premier League appearance – is wide on the right with Mitoma on the left.
Fulham finally get a foot on the ball after a sustained spell of Brighton possession. Robinson looks for Willian with a throughball into the left channel, but Webster comes across with a good sliding challenge.
Unlucky! Fulham threaten as Robinson threads a good pass into the feet of Jimenez, who had Dunk pinned. The Mexican lays it off for Iwobi, but his touch inside the area is loose and Brighton escape.
Now Mitoma gets his first chance to advance down the Brighton left, with the Japan star reaching the byline before looking for a cutback. It's behind Ferguson, though, and a luminous pink shirt gets to the loose ball before any of Brighton's midfield runners.
GREAT DOUBLE SAVE! How are Brighton not ahead?! A patient move ends with Baleba finding space to shoot from the edge of the box. He looks for the top-left corner with a sweet strike, but Leno dives across to push it away. Mitoma keeps the attack alive with a looping cross which evades Robinson and finds Adingra at the far post, but Leno pokes it to safety with his right foot before the Brighton man can finish into a gaping net!
Brighton fail to make anything of the first corner of the game. Robinson then goes up the other end to win a corner off Webster, which Willian will take. We've had a breathless start to this game on the south coast!
Willian's delivery is cleared to the edge of the box, where Reed's unorthodox header skips off the wet turf and goes wide. Steele looked to have that one covered.
Brighton are looking to do something they have never done here – beat Fulham in the Premier League! The Seagulls have failed to win any of the teams' six all-time meetings in the competition (three draws, three defeats), the most they have faced any team without winning.
Webster finds Adingra with a lovely ball down the right to get Brighton on the front foot. However, Fulham recover well to get men behind the ball and force their hosts back.
Over! Mitoma beats Castagne a total of three times with a trademark, jinking run down the wing. His cutback finds Lallana, who in turn offloads for Baleba, but the recent arrival hammers his shot over the crossbar from the edge of the area.
Brighton are finding their groove. Ferguson flicks it into Lallana with the outside of his boot, and the former Liverpool man lays it off for the lively Adingra to shoot over the bar from 25 yards out. It's a disappointing finish, but the approach play was good.
Fulham have only played more Premier League games against Norwich City (eight) without ever losing than they have against Brighton (six), doing the double over the Seagulls in 2022-23.
CHANCE! Lallana pulls wide to combine with Dahoud, who releases Mitoma into the box with a terrific backheel. Mitoma appears to get caught in two minds as he bears down on Leno with options in the middle, and his cross-shot is well wide!
Brighton have definitely upped the ante in the last 10 minutes or so, carving out two or three excellent opportunities. But for now, Fulham remain on level terms.
The home fans aren't happy at all here. Palhinha leaves Gross in a heap on the edge of the Fulham area with a reckless challenge. The Fulham man is lucky not to concede a foul after appearing to lead with his arm.
There was a brief VAR check to ascertain whether Palhinha's challenge was red-card worthy, and Gross is still deep in conversation with the referee. It was quickly cleared by the officials, but that was – at the very least – reckless from Palhinha.
Baleba does brilliantly to manoeuvre away from Palhinha as Brighton advance into the Fulham half again. Dahoud latches onto Mitoma's pass down the left to win a corner, crossing behind off Ream.
Wide! Gross works the corner short, and Lallana is eventually found in an inside-left position. His cross takes a wicked deflection off Robinson and goes just wide of the near post with Leno stranded.
Brighton's second corner in quick succession is less well-worked! Mitoma looks for a reverse pass which fools all of his team-mates and runs out for a goal-kick!
Brighton have had 79.9 per cent of the possession so far. They have been utterly dominant after a bright first five minutes from Fulham, but they don't have a goal to show for their work.
GOOOOOAAAAALLL! FERGUSON WITH THE OPENER! Brighton's dominance pays off as Ferguson strokes the ball past Leno from the edge of the box. Reed's loose pass is cut out by Igor, who advances over halfway before finding Gross. He slips a neat pass into the feet of Ferguson, who turns and finds the bottom-left corner with a lovely side-footed finish!
Gross had options right and left as he advanced towards the Fulham area but opted to find Ferguson, who did the rest with a lovely finish!
Fulham can't have any complaints about this scoreline – they have been second-best in every department here. Brighton threaten again as Adingra cuts inside, but Palhinha takes the ball with a great sliding challenge.
That goal was Ferguson's fifth in the Premier League this season – three of them came in an impressive win over Newcastle United on this ground a few weeks ago. With the way this game has started, he may fancy a few more here…
We're past the half-hour mark, and we're yet to see anything of Fulham as an attacking force. Jimenez has struggled to hold the ball up on the rare occasions where he's had a touch, with Brighton in command of possession and looking comfortable.
Robinson has been Fulham's brightest player early on. He intercepts a lofted pass from Ferguson and the visitors can enjoy a spell on the ball, albeit inside their own territory.
That's better from the visitors as Reed breaks into the box to win a corner on the right-hand side. Willian goes over to take it…
Wide! Webster flings himself at the set-piece delivery with a diving header, sending it as far clear as Robinson, who sends a wild shot well wide from 30 yards out – that's a real waste.
There's a brief VAR check on a potential Fulham penalty, with a question over whether the ball struck Webster on his upper arm as he stooped to head it clear. There's absolutely no way that can be considered handball, however, and the VAR agrees – check over.
De Cordova-Reid wins a free-kick 30 yards from goal in a central position. Willian looks for Castagne from a training-ground routine… but his pass is absolutely terrible and it runs beyond everyone for a Brighton goal-kick.
The rain is absolutely teeming down now as Willian fails to win a corner for Fulham. We'll see how these frankly dreadful conditions affect the game as we approach the end of the first half.
Over! Iwobi dispossesses Dunk before finding Willian as Fulham break. The Brazilian reaches the left corner of the Brighton area before trying an audacious outside-of-the-boot cross to De Cordova-Reid, who sends an awkward volley over the crossbar! Steele is still yet to be tested.
Save! Ferguson gets between two pink shirts to bring down a long pass forward. With little support, he whips a low effort towards the near post, but Leno reads it well and is able to make a comfortable save.
Fulham are enjoying a better spell now, but their decision-making in the final third leaves much to be desired. Willian fails to find a team-mate with a cutback from the right side of the box, then Jimenez gets another chance but crosses straight into the chest of Dunk.
We're into the final two minutes of the first half here, with Brighton back in possession. Mitoma cuts inside before finding Ferguson, but he fouls Reed as the duo battle for the ball near the edge of the Fulham area.
Gross' positioning is an interesting one. The German is continually drifting inside from what looks like a right wing-back role, with Adingra and Mitoma playing very high on either flank. It's certainly a fluid Brighton system.
We're into two minutes of first-half stoppage time as the rain finally appears to be relenting.
Jimenez goes down following a coming-together with Igor, but there's no foul and the Fulham striker is quickly back to his feet. Brighton are looking to see out the rest of the first period by controlling possession inside their own half.
HALF-TIME: BRIGHTON 1-0 FULHAM.
Brighton take a 1-0 lead into the interval against Fulham, and in truth, it's the least the Seagulls deserve for a dominant first-half performance. Leno had already been forced into two fine saves – to keep out Baleba and Adingra – before Ferguson put the hosts ahead, turning on Gross' pass before stroking a cultured finish into the bottom-left corner. Fulham improved at the end of the half but are yet to create a clear-cut opening, and they are perhaps fortunate to still have their full complement after Palhinha got away with a clear elbow on Gross.
While Brighton have enjoyed 72.5 per cent of the possession and hit the target with four of eight shots, Fulham have only managed three attempts in total and are yet to hit the target. Jimenez has looked isolated up front and Willian has struggled out wide. What can Silva do to turn the tide?
Brighton get the second half under way through Ferguson! Will it be more one-way traffic, or can Fulham find a route back into this game?
Silva decided against making any half-time substitutions. With Adama Traore and Carlos Vinicius out, he has his hands tied in attack somewhat. Bassey looks for Jimenez with a long ball over the top, but it's an easy one for Steele to claim.
Fulham are definitely pressing Brighton with more intensity in the early stages of this second half, but De Zerbi's team are adept at playing through the pressure. Lallana beats Ream with an excellent turn on the edge of Fulham's area and is chopped down, giving the hosts a free-kick in a great position.
OFF THE BAR! Brighton captain Dunk claims the set-piece for himself, whipping a lovely effort up and over the wall. Leno is beaten, but the ball bounces off the top of the crossbar and goes over. So unlucky!
Brighton scored and conceded in their first nine Premier League games of the season. Though the Seagulls will want a clean sheet here, they could yet become the first top-flight side to see goals at both ends in their first 10 matches of a campaign since Tottenham in 1988-89.
Dahoud scampers over halfway and appears to be brought down by Bassey 25 yards from goal, but the referee waves play on. Fulham get enough men behind the ball to force Brighton to recycle possession.
Ahead of this weekend's fixtures, Fulham ranked 18th in the Premier League for total shots (96) and shots on target (30) this season. Only Sheffield United (two) and Luton Town (three) have scored fewer goals from open play than their five this term. They have really lacked attacking inspiration again here.
Fulham finally manage a shot on target, but it's an easy one for Steele to deal with as Willian sends a tame effort straight at the Brighton shot-stopper from 25 yards out.
Fulham waste another promising position as Iwobi turns Baleba to reach the byline before overrunning it and conceding a goal-kick. Silva has seen enough, with Pereira and Muniz preparing to enter the fray.
Brighton win a free-kick 35 yards from goal as Palhinha clatters into Lallana. The Fulham midfielder has an exasperated look on his face, but that was definitely a foul.
Robinson gets up to head Gross' delivery away, then Willian is back to deal with Dunk's second ball into the area. Brighton recycle possession patiently before winning a throw-in, which will allow Fulham to make their changes…
Pereira takes Reed's place in midfield.
Jimenez is withdrawn after yet another Premier League outing without a goal. Muniz replaces the frustrated Mexican.
Fulham make a third switch as De Cordova-Reid trudges off, to be replaced by Wilson.
De Zerbi responds with one change of his own as Fati takes Lallana's place.
Over! Fulham are penned back again as Mitoma advances down the left before offloading for Baleba. He shoots from the edge of the box… but it's always rising and Leno is untroubled between the sticks.
Wilson is down in a heap just inside Brighton's half, claiming he was caught by Mitoma. The referee didn't see it, but Mitoma caught him in the face with a loose arm, albeit accidentally.
Wilson is jeered by the home fans as he touches the ball for the first time since that coming-together. Fulham are enjoying a better spell now, engaging Brighton much higher up the field.
Steele makes another routine save as Iwobi hits a tame effort straight at him from 25 yards. Fulham's approach play was positive, however, with Muniz winning possession high up the pitch.
Now Pereira is claiming he was caught by a high boot from Adingra, but once again, the referee is uninterested.
GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL! PALHINHA LEVELS! Wow. Fulham are level out of nowhere! Brighton lose the ball while playing out from the back, with Iwobi pressing high before feeding Wilson, who in turn picks out Palhinha. The midfielder – who should probably have been sent off in the first half – finds the top-right corner with a brilliant strike from the edge of the D. 1-1!
Substitute Wilson gets the assist, finding Palhinha with a good pass around the corner following some good pressing from the visitors.
Brighton were utterly dominant in the first half, but their standards have definitely slipped since the restart. Fulham have been much more competitive and now they're back on terms!
ALMOST 2-1 TO FULHAM! Robinson escapes his man down the Fulham left before cutting back for Muniz. The ball is slightly behind the substitute, who improvises with a lovely backheel, forcing Steele into a brilliant reflex save! Brighton are rocking now…
Block! Gross dances through multiple challenges to reach the Fulham area before seeing his low effort blocked at close quarters. This game could go either way now, it's wide open!
Close! Robinson gets down the Fulham left before hitting a low shot, which goes narrowly wide of the near post. De Zerbi can't be pleased with what he's seen in the last few minutes, and further Brighton changes are imminent.
Brighton make a triple change. Buonanotte is on for Baleba.
Veltman takes the place of Adingra.
Gilmour replaces Dahoud in Brighton's fourth substitution of the match.
Robinson receives the first booking of the game for a late challenge on Buonanotte on halfway. The Brighton substitute was about to break into Fulham territory but was cynically chopped down.
Palhinha is forced to go off for treatment after a collision with Fati. There seems to be blood on the shirt of the Fulham goalscorer, and Silva is complaining to the fourth official, claiming his midfielder was elbowed.
There's another concern for Fulham as Leno goes down holding his hamstring. The medical staff are on to tend to the shot-stopper.
Leno is going to carry on for now as the game restarts with Brighton in possession. The home fans aren't happy with the Fulham goalkeeper, claiming he was timewasting.
Brighton have become the first top-flight team to both score and concede in their first 10 games of a league campaign since 1988-89, when Tottenham did so. Will we get a winner as we enter the final stages?
Fulham striker Muniz is booked for a careless shove on Gross in midfield.
Brighton make another change as they look to get back on top. Joao Pedro replaces the opening goalscorer Ferguson.
Substitutes have scored 15 Premier League goals for Brighton in 2023, only two fewer than they had scored for the Seagulls between 2017 and 2022 (17). It's the joint most goals scored by subs in a single year by a team in Premier League history, with Spurs in 2008 and Arsenal in 2009 also seeing subs score 15 times.
We're into the final 10 minutes of the 90 here, and in truth, Fulham have carried more threat than their hosts in the last 20 minutes or so. The awful conditions have impacted the pace of this game, with Brighton's attackers beginning to get bogged down.
Brighton win a corner on their left-hand side, which is taken quickly to Mitoma as the hosts change their angle of attack. He cuts inside before crossing, but Bassey rises highest to clear for Fulham.
SAVE! Joao Pedro breaks in behind the Fulham backline, slightly to the left of goal. He shoots on the turn from a tight angle, but Leno is there to keep out his weak attempt and Fulham survive.
It's all happening here! Fati goes up for a spectacular overhead kick just inside the area, and Castagne appears to nudge him slightly. The home fans appeal for a penalty, but the referee says no and it's Castagne who stays down as Mitoma dribbles towards goal, with Bassey having to make a strong challenge to keep him out.
Castagne receives treatment as both players take the opportunity to catch their breath. Fulham are about to make another change, but the former Leicester City full-back looks okay to continue.
Willian is the man to make way as Cairney enters the action.
We'll probably get a lengthy period of stoppage time, with Castagne being down for a full two minutes there. He's on his feet and moving comfortably as Brighton look to build another attack.
Castagne is forced into action as Fati dribbles at him, with the Fulham man poking the ball behind for a corner to the hosts…
OFF THE LINE! Gross delivers a deep corner to the far post, where the unmarked Webster loops a header up and over Leno. It looks destined to find the net, but Robinson gets back on the line to nod it away! So close!
We will have NINE minutes of stoppage time here! Can either team find a winning goal?
Wilson is cautioned for clear tactical foul to stop Gilmour on halfway. The Wales international pleads his innocence, but he has no case.
Silva makes another change, and Fulham look happy to hold what they have. Iwobi takes his time to depart as Lukic replaces him.
CHANCE! Wilson skips past Igor with ease before cutting back for Pereira. The Brazilian sees his first shot blocked at close quarters, so he swivels to hit it on the volley at the second time of asking… but Steele gets behind it.
Veltman wins a free-kick high on the Brighton right as the hosts continue to chase a winner. It's delivered deep, but the outstanding Robinson snuffs out the danger for Fulham.
Fulham are frustrated as Dunk goes down under pressure from Cairney. The visitors thought they had a chance to break, but the referee grants Brighton a free-kick on halfway.
CHANCE! It's panic stations for Fulham as Brighton work it into the box. Igor squares the ball for Buonanotte, who attempts to hold it up for a team-mate, but the massed pink shirts manage to scramble it clear.
Mitoma is dispossessed by Wilson, but the Japan winger quickly gets back to his feet to recover the ball and set Brighton away on another attack…
MISS! Mitoma crosses for Joao Pedro, who sees a shot blocked on the turn. Buonanotte follows it up on the edge of the area… but he blazes his shot over the bar! That will surely be that, and Fulham have done enough to claim a point!
FULL-TIME: BRIGHTON 1-1 FULHAM.
The full-time whistle is blown at the Amex, and Brighton are still yet to beat Fulham in a Premier League fixture! Silva's men fight back to take a point from an entertaining affair played out in awful weather conditions, but the hosts may have every right to feel aggrieved by the identity of the Fulham goalscorer! Brighton were dominant in the first half and went ahead when Ferguson beat Leno from the edge of the box, and Fulham could have been reduced to 10 men when Palhinha appeared to elbow Gross. Fulham improved in the second half and that man Palhinha levelled the scores, sweeping home from the edge of the box following a high turnover. After a frustrating second period, Brighton see their winless run stretch to four Premier League matches ahead of next week's trip to Everton. Fulham, meanwhile, take on Ipswich Town in the EFL Cup this week before hosting Manchester United next Saturday. Until then, it's goodbye from us, and we'll see you next time!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this fixture in the Premier League, as Chelsea host Brentford in a west London derby at Stamford Bridge.
Mauricio Pochettino’s Chelsea have recovered from a poor start to the season and are unbeaten in their last three games, convincingly beating Fulham and Burnley away from home before a 2-2 draw with London rivals Arsenal last time out.
The Bees had been going through a rough patch of their own, not winning in six since beating Fulham 3-0 in the second game of the season. Three draws and losses apiece followed, but Thomas Frank’s side returned to form in their most recent home game, defeating Burnley 3-0.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Robert Sanchez; Marc Cucurella, Axel Disasi, Thiago Silva, Levi Colwill; Conor Gallagher, Moises Caicedo; Noni Madueke, Cole Palmer, Raheem Sterling; Nicolas Jackson.
CHELSEA SUBS: Djordje Petrovic, Eddie Beach, Benoit Badiashile, Lesley Ugochukwu, Reece James, Malo Gusto, Ian Maatsen, Deivid Washington, Alex Matos.
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Mark Flekken; Kristoffer Ajer, Ethan Pinnock, Nathan Collins; Mads Roerslev, Mathias Jensen, Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt, Aaron Hickey; Bryan Mbeumo, Yoane Wissa.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Thomas Strakosha, Neal Maupay, Zanka Jorgensen, Saman Ghoddos, Frank Onyeka, Ben Mee, Yehor Yarmolyuk, Michael Olakigbe, Ethan Brierley.
Chelsea make three changes from the side held to a draw by Arsenal, with Senegalese striker Nicolas Jackson back leading the line following a wrist injury. Axel Disasi and Noni Madueke join the defence and attacking midfield lines respectively, with Malo Gusto on the bench and Enzo Fernandez and Mykhailo Mudryk surprisingly absent from the squad.
Aaron Hickey is back in the Brentford XI following a one-match ban, and slots in at left wing-back in one of two changes. Mads Roerslev occupies the opposite flank for the Bees, with Neal Maupay and Frank Onyeka shifting to the bench.
Gallagher and Norgaard lead their respective teams out of the tunnel, and we're almost ready to go at Stamford Bridge!
Following a minute's applause to honour the life of England's World Cup-winning hero Bobby Charlton, Brentford get the game underway as Jensen kicks off!
Brentford have won both of their Premier League away games against Chelsea – no team has ever won their first three games at Stamford Bridge in the history of the competition.
CHANCE!!! Chelsea break at speed after a long throw from Roerslev comes to nothing. Sterling canters over halfway and finds Palmer to his right, but the youngster's return ball into the box is just a fraction behind the England winger and Brentford survive!
Chelsea have won just two of their last 12 London derbies in the Premier League, beating Crystal Palace 1-0 in January and Fulham 2-0 earlier this month. The Blues threw away a 2-0 lead to draw 2-2 with Arsenal in their most recent match.
WIDE!!! Cucurella and Jackson combine down the left and the Chelsea striker cuts inside looking for shooting space. He fires an effort goalwards from the edge of the box, but it's safe enough for Flekken to leave as the ball curls around the far post!
CHANCE!! Mbeumo is put in behind the defence by Janelt's pass, but the Brentford forward is forced to shoot from a tight angle and smashes the ball into the side netting! Mbeumo wants a corner but it doesn't come, as Sanchez picks the ball up quickly looking to spark a counter-attack!
OFF THE WOODWORK!!! The Chelsea counter-attack almost works a treat, as Sanchez's out-ball is played forward by Gallagher to Madueke. He steps onto his left foot and curls a shot towards goal, which has Flekken beaten all ends up before bouncing back off the crossbar!
Roerslev's low cross off a wide pass from Wissa is cut out, and Chelsea set off on the break once more. It's played across to Sterling, who tees up Madueke, but his latest effort is well blocked by Collins!
SAVED!!! Collins gets in the way of another effort, this time from Jackson, but Chelsea just keep on coming at the Bees. Gallagher finds shooting space and lets fly from 25 yards, but Flekken gets down well to parry his low drive away from danger!
Chelsea have won more points (seven) and scored more goals (eight) in their last three Premier League games than they did in their previous nine beforehand (six points, seven goals). Building.
Hickey slides in to dispossess Madueke with a crunching tackle that sparks a fast break down the left for Brentford, but play is soon brought back with the Chelsea winger down injured.
Chelsea pile numbers into the final third, looking to open Brentford up, but neither Sterling nor Jackson can pick out that defence-splitting pass with the Bees able to withstand the pressure.
SAVED!!! Chelsea spurn their best chance yet to go ahead!! Palmer's scooped ball into the six-yard box is met by the arriving Cucurella on the fly, but he can only volley straight into the midriff of Flekken!
OVER!!! Madueke and Palmer combine on the edge of the box for the latter to put Sterling through on goal, but it's blazed over the top from close range by the winger in a chance that looked easier to score than miss!
Sterling picks out Palmer with a lofted pass into the box, but Pinnock and Roerslev combine to win the ball back and clear for Brentford.
Disasi's throughball into the box opens Brentford up and gives Sterling space to cross, but neither Palmer nor Gallagher can connect and another chance goes begging!
Sterling goes down under pressure from Roerslev as the pair contest another reverse ball into the box from Palmer, but both the on-field referee and VAR are in agreement that the contact wasn't worthy of a penalty.
Flekken launches a long Brentford free-kick into the box, but Wissa's attempt at a shot is cleared and forward come Chelsea. Jackson leads the charge, but Roerslev and Mbeumo get back at speed to win the ball for the Bees.
Brentford are unbeaten in their last 12 Premier League London derbies, winning six, which is their longest run without defeat against London sides in history. Away from home they’ve won their last three such games, never winning four in a row on the road before.
Sterling darts around the outside of Roerslev and drills a low cross into the box, but Pinnock steps in to put the ball behind for the game's very first corner!
Chelsea win a second successive corner on the opposite side, but Gallagher's attempt to play the ball short to Palmer is easily read and dealt with by Mbeumo.
Sterling spots the run of Caicedo and dinks the ball towards the back post, but it's far too close to Flekken and the Brentford goalkeeper collects.
CHANCE!!! Disasi fires a low ball at pace to the feet of Jackson, but the striker can't quite connect before the pass is dived upon by Flekken for the Bees!
After Madueke's surging run into the box is thwarted by Hickey, Chelsea look to the left side, but Gallagher's cross-field ball to Sterling can't be kept in the field of play by the England winger!
WIDE!!! Another golden chance for the Blues! Cucurella's floated cross into the box is met by Ajer, but his flicked header only falls to Madueke. Unmarked at the far post, the winger fires goalwards, but blasts the ball past the wrong side of the right-hand post!
CHANCE!!! Madueke's cut-back from the byline is met late by Cucurella arriving in the centre, but he can't strike the ball cleanly and it loops straight into Flekken's gloves!
Janelt's pass forward is deflected into the path of Mbeumo, who crosses towards the far post. Hickey's following in and has space to shoot, but his attempt to chest the ball down sends it over the line and behind!
Colwill's block from an Mbeumo cross gives Brentford their first corner of the game, but the delivery is easily nodded down and dealt with by the hosts.
OVER!!! Wissa drags Caicedo down on the edge of Brentford's box, gifting Chelsea a free-kick from 20 yards. Palmer steps up on set-piece duty, but can only send a curling finish over the top of Flekken's goal!
We'll play two additional minutes to close out this (somehow) goalless first half at Stamford Bridge.
A foot injury to Jensen takes a minute or so for the Brentford medical team to deal with, meaning we'll likely run beyond the allocated minutes at the end of this half.
HALF-TIME: CHELSEA 0-0 BRENTFORD.
We're all square at the break, with hosts Chelsea having done everything but score in the first 45 minutes! It's been one-way traffic for much of the half, but despite Chelsea piling numbers forward at every available opportunity, they've been unable to beat Flekken or force him into any difficult saves of note. The Bees keeper has been called into action by Gallagher and Cucurella's shots on goal, and Madueke has struck the crossbar, but Jackson, Sterling and Madueke again have all put glorious chances high and wide of the target. Brentford have been limited to just two efforts wide from Mbeumo and Hickey, but there's no denying their effort and organisation in defence is playing a big part in Chelsea's frustrations so far.
The teams return ahead of the second half, and after a first 45 minutes marred by missed chances, Chelsea will need to open the scoring as soon as they possibly can if they're to make that dominance count!
No changes from either side at the break, as Jackson and Palmer get the second period up and running for the hosts!
Brentford have now stopped their opposition from scoring a first-half goal in seven of their 10 Premier League games, second only to Crystal Palace's eight so far this season.
Palmer finds Cucurella on the run with a lofted pass to the left, but the Spaniard's cut-back for Sterling hits Ajer and goes behind for a corner!
SAVED!!! Ajer pops up in the box to connect with Roerslev's ball in behind, and cuts it back into the middle. Janelt arrives late to strike a first-time shot goalwards, but his effort is hit straight at Sanchez and the Chelsea goalkeeper makes the break!
Gallagher does brilliantly to win possession back in the find third with three red and white shirts around him, but his wide pass for Madueke deflects off Jensen and bobbles behind for a corner.
Silva attacks Gallagher's delivery into the box from the set-piece, but can't generate much power behind his header and Brentford easily deal with the threat!
BLOCKED!!! Sterling steps his way past two challenges before shooting from the edge of the area, but Pinnock slides in bravely to make a superb block! The ball is sent spiralling into the air, but the Brentford defender keeps his composure to nod beyond the reach of Sterling before thumping it clear.
Silva playing his 87th starting Premier League game, all coming aged 36 and over. That's the most by an outfield player in the competition's history.
Sterling's penalty shout against Ajer comes to nothing, and Brentford clear the ball out to the right. Cucurella and Mbeumo tussle for possession, but the Chelsea full-back is fouled on the touchline and wins a free-kick. Warming up Brentford substitute Neal Maupay delays the taking of Palmer's delivery, and the first yellow card of the game is shown to a player who's not even on the pitch!
Palmer's cross in from the left comes to nothing and the ball drops to Jackson on the edge of the box. He looks to pick his spot from the edge of the area, but sends his shot high and wide of Flekken's goal.
GOOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Brentford take a shock lead here!!! Following a throw-in, Roerslev and Mbeumo play a smart one-two down the right. The latter hangs a high cross towards the back post, where Pinnock arrives from nowhere to nod the ball home! Chelsea have had chance after chance after chance, but it's the Bees who lead 1-0 at Stamford Bridge!
What a ball from Mbeumo, taking every single Chelsea defender out of the picture and allowing his own centre-back to rise high and head Brentford in front!
Chelsea look to respond straight away as Sterling races into the area, but he's dispossessed as he tries to cut onto his right foot and Brentford have the ball back once more!
That goal was only Pinnock's second scored away from home in the Premier League, previously doing so in April of last season against Brighton, and his last three strikes overall in the league have all been set up by that man Mbeumo!
It's Brentford who'll make the first change of the game, taking Jensen off for Frank Onyeka in a like-for-like midfield substitution.
A loose touch from Pinnock in his own box is seized upon by Palmer, but the Brentford goalscorer recovers well to prevent a shot and put the ball behind for a corner.
Palmer looks up and sets off on a run into the box, gliding between four as he does so. His final touch is a poor one though, and the ball is nudged behind for a goal-kick.
Chelsea now make their first changes, with Disasi replaced at the back by the far more attack-minded option of club captain Reece James.
Madueke also heads off following a frustrating 67 minutes in front of goal, and Ian Maatsen is introduced to slot into the wide attacking positions.
An underhit Flekken goal-kick is knocked straight back towards the Brentford box by Gallagher, and Palmer latches onto it. Pinnock's onto him though, and gets a crucial touch to re-gain possession for the Bees.
CHANCE!!! Mbeumo drifts out to the left to collect a pass forward from Hickey, and squares for Wissa in the box. The Congolese striker has space to shoot, but a poor touch takes the chance away as Chelsea win it back!
Maatsen takes on Hickey and fires a low cross towards the front post, but it's Flekken's all day and the goalkeeper dives on the loose ball.
James crosses through the crowd to find Jackson on the edge of the six-yard box, but he can't pull off a good first touch either and loses the ball!
Only West Ham have opened the scoring in more different Premier League games than Brentford's seven so far this season, and although the Bees have won just two of the previous six, they're well on course to see out a third straight victory at Stamford Bridge!
Janelt's been his industrious self at both ends of the pitch for Brentford, but is withdrawn with 14 to go for Yehor Yarmolyuk.
Wissa also comes off having had little luck in the final third, and Neal Maupay, who don't forget is already on a yellow card, will replace him late on!
Caicedo leaves a foot in on Norgaard well after the ball has gone, and the Ecuadorian picks up Chelsea's first booking of the contest.
Roerslev's long throw into the box is quickly headed clear by Chelsea, but Pinnock is back in cover to thwart any potential counter-attack.
Caicedo comes off having just been booked for the Blues, and Lesley Ugochukwu will replace him at the base of Chelsea's midfield.
Cucurella is also withdrawn, with young Brazilian striker Deivid Washington brought on in his place as Chelsea look to salvage the game late on.
CHANCE!!! Sterling cuts inside from the left and whips a teasing cross to the back post, but the arriving Gallagher can't quite get there and the ball sails behind for a goal-kick!
Hickey is the latest player off for the Bees, and Saman Ghoddos, who scored late to seal the 3-0 win over Fulham last time out, replaces him. Lightning can't strike twice, can it?
The two number 15's come together as Jackson looks to burst clear on the break. Onyeka drags him back though, and is shown a textbook yellow card for the cynical foul.
CHANCE!!! Collins concedes a corner which is swung into the box by Gallagher. Silva's glancing header at the front post flashes across the face of goal, but Jackson can't turn the ball home and Chelsea's wait for a goal continues!
CHANCE!!! Maatsen escapes down the right and cuts the ball back from the byline. Both Palmer and Washington are in open space, but neither can direct the ball towards goal as another glorious opportunity passes Chelsea by!
Frustrations begin to boil over on the Chelsea bench, and Pochettino's assistant Jesus Perez has a word or two that the referee isn't a fan of whatsoever. He's promptly shown a red card, as things go from bad to worse for the Blues!
WHAT A SAVE!!! Sanchez keeps Chelsea in it as Brentford flood forward on the counter. They've got a four-on-one as Mbeumo feeds Yarmolyuk in the box, but the Blues 'keeper makes himself big to pull off a huge stop!
WIDE!! Brentford come straight back at Chelsea as Maupay drills a low cross into the six-yard box, but Mbeumo sends a first-time finish inches wide of the near post with the goal begging!
We're into SIX additional minutes at Stamford Bridge - hold on to your hats!
Roerslev nods behind for a late Chelsea corner, but it comes to nothing after Maatsen's shot from the edge of the area is blocked and cleared by desperate Bees defence!
Roerslev's block on Ugochukwu's shot sends the ball behind for another corner, which Ghoddos delays the taking of to earn himself a yellow card.
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!!! Brentford finish Chelsea off with the cruellest of late goals! The corner, which Sanchez has come forward for, is headed clear, and with no-one back, Maupay carries the ball over halfway on his own! Sanchez gives chase in vain, and Mbeumo is on hand to tap in the substitute's pass, making it 2-0 and sealing the points!
Maupay gets the easiest assist of his career with an unselfish pass. He could've easily put that in himself having taken the ball all the way!
The Brentford celebrations are understandably wild, and Norgaard oversteps the mark slightly to pick up a late booking.
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 0-2 BRENTFORD.
It's all over at Stamford Bridge, as Brentford pile on the misery for a Chelsea side whose profligacy in front of goal came back to bite! Early second half chances for Cucurella and Sterling went astray, before Bees defender Pinnock headed Mbeumo's cross in at the far post to provide the ultimate sucker-punch. Chelsea then had to try and save the game, but Gallagher, Silva and Washington all fluffed their lines in front of goal, and further frustration off the pitch saw coach Pochettino and Jackson clash with a fan, as well as assistant Jesus Perez sent off. Brentford had numerous chances of their own, with Sanchez making saves from both Janelt and Yarmolyuk, and the Bees would finish with a flourish as Maupay and Mbeumo galloped over halfway for the latter to tap home. 2-0 victors Brentford secure back-to-back wins and climb above Chelsea to 10th in the table, while the wasteful Blues are now two games without victory ahead of a trip to league leaders Tottenham.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Crystal Palace and Tottenham at Selhurst Park!
Roy Hodgson takes charge of his 500th game at the helm of an English club here today as he looks to get his side back on track. Palace have won just one of their last six outings in all competitions (D2 L3), a 1-0 win over Manchester United at the end of last month. During that run, they've scored just two goals but failed to find the back of the net in four of those games.
Spurs are flying high, and currently sit two points clear of Manchester City and Arsenal at the top of the table. They have the chance to extend that lead to five points with another win here. They're still unbeaten in the Premier League this season (W7 D2), and have won the last three on the bounce. The two games that they've dropped points in both came away from home though.
CRYSTAL PALACE STARTING XI (4-3-3): Sam Johnstone; Joel Ward, Joachim Andersen, Marc Guehi, Tyrick Mitchell; Jefferson Lerma, Cheick Doucoure, Will Hughes; Jordan Ayew, Odsonne Edouard, Jeffrey Schlupp.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: Jairo Riedewald, Matheus Franca, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Remi Matthews, Chris Richards, Naouirou Ahamada, Nathaniel Clyne, Rob Holding, Jesuran Rak-Sakyi.
TOTTENHAM STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Ben Davies; Yves Bissouma, Pape Sarr; Dejan Kulusevski, James Maddison, Richarlison; Son Heung-Min.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Giovani Lo Celso, Rodrigo Bentancur, Oliver Skipp, Emerson Royal, Brennan Johnson, Bryan Gil, Fraser Forster, Eric Dier, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg.
Hodgson makes just one change to the side that lost heavily to Newcastle United last time out. Schlupp is fit again and comes straight in from the start, which means a more central role for Edouard today. Mateta drops to the bench.
Ange Postecoglou makes two changes from their win over Fulham on Monday. Bissouma returns after serving a suspension in that game, with Davies also brought in. Sarr has recovered from a problem he picked up in that game to retain his place. Hojbjerg starts on the bench, as does Bentancur after recovering from an ACL injury. Destiny Udogie misses out through injury.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Son gets the game under way for Spurs!
There isn't a lot of movement directly ahead of Romero, but he spots Maddison making a run off the back of Andersen. He sends it long over the top, but Johnstone is alert to come and pluck it out of the air.
Son does brilliantly to keep the ball in play, and he pulls it back from the byline, but it's just behind Richarlison. Palace struggle to clear their lines though, and Johnstone just gets it away before Son closes him down.
GOOD SAVE! Palace move it upfield much quicker this time, and Hughes' route is blocked so he helps it out to Ayew. He gets it out of his feet before firing a shot at the near post from just outside the box, but Vicario gets behind it.
VICARIO SAVES AGAIN! Schlupp can't control Ward's whipped cross, but he gets enough on it to help it to Edouard. He has space on the edge of the box to fizz a low shot on goal, and Vicario gets down to get a strong hand to it.
Richarlison threads it forward to Maddison, who has acres of space to run into down the left. It looks like he might shoot from inside the area, but he squares it instead, and Guehi makes a vital clearance.
Palace have won just one of their last 16 Premier League games against Spurs (D2 L13), a 3-0 home win in September 2021.
Palace are keeping their shape well here and they're making it difficult for Spurs to pass their way forward. Maddison tries to weave his way into the final third, only to be forced back to the halfway line.
Maddison is tripped by Ward as he tries to open up some space and Spurs have a free-kick. Bissouma steps up to take it, blazing his effort high over the bar and into the stands.
It's swept out to Kulusevski on the right, and he cuts inside before hanging a cross into the far post. Richarlison rises to keep it in play and cushion a header down for Maddison, but he volleys his shot over the bar.
Spurs work it well down their left again, with Richarlison playing a one-two with Maddison as he cuts inside. He has Porro ahead of him, but tries to go it alone, dragging his shot well wide of the near post.
Spurs are still seeing a lot of the ball here, but they're struggling to do much with it. Palace are frustrating them with their compact shape, and the visitors can't get it into the final third.
Hughes' free-kick is curled into a dangerous area, and Spurs are slow to react as it drops. Guehi keeps it alive, knocking it out to Schlupp, but he curls his cross straight out of play.
Romero tries to cut Palace's defence open with another long ball, but Andersen stops this one from reaching Son. Maddison follows in, but Guehi stands strong to block his path.
Palace's patience pays off as they get another chance to counter here. Edouard knocks it onto Schlupp, who drives forward before trying to pick out the Frenchman once more, but Van de Ven gets a foot in.
There's a slightly nervy moment at the back for Spurs as the ball bobbles in front of Van de Ven. Ayew is bearing down on him quickly, but the defender sorts his feet out quick enough to clear it.
It's slow from Spurs, who are still seeing a lot of the ball, but it's all in front of Palace. There's no intent to speed up play, and they're struggling to get it forward.
Van de Ven is caught on the ball as he tries to check back and he gets a kick to the shin from Edouard. He goes down needing treatment, and the physio is waved on.
Van de Ven is back on as Spurs struggle to pass their way down the right. Kulusevski's clever flick hits Lerma, but Bissouma trips over the ball before he can look for Son.
Richarlison's cross is blocked, but it comes back out to the left as Davies recycles it. He drills a low cross into the six-yard box, but this one is too close to Johnstone.
Son does well to slide it through to Maddison just before he's tripped by Lerma, but Palace have bodies in the box. Three defenders swarm around the Englishman, and Guehi's touch takes it back to the keeper.
Palace are just starting to up the pressure here as they win a series of corners in a row. Hughes' latest cross is only half-cleared as far as Ward, who is urged to shoot by the crowd, but his effort is deflected over the bar.
Spurs are just trying to regain control of this game as they slow the pace of the game right down with another spell of possession between their defenders. There's barely any movement ahead of them.
This time, Maddison does offer an option up top as he darts off the back of Andersen. Van de Ven spots the run and sends it forward for him to chase, but the heavy pass rolls straight out of play.
Kulusevski tees up Porro for a cross, but Mitchell blocks it right in front of him. Sarr runs onto the loose ball and tries to curl it to Richarlison at the far post, but Johnstone is there to collect it.
HALF-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 0-0 TOTTENHAM.
It's goalless at the break between Palace and Spurs. The league leaders were on top in terms of possession in the first half but struggled to cause their hosts any real problems, with Richarlison and Maddison both firing well wide of the target. Palace made their moments count though, with Ayew and Edouard both forcing Vicario into a couple of good early saves, but they couldn't take any of the chances they did create.
Hodgson will be very pleased with how his side played in the first half. They waited for their moments and looked a real threat every time they broke on the counter. He'll be urging them for more of the same, but they need to take their chances. Spurs were poor, and Postecoglou might be debating making a change to add something different to their forward play.
There's a change for Spurs at the start of the second half. Davies is taken off, with Emerson on in his place.
Palace get us back under way for the second half!
Spurs have come out on the front foot, but Palace are still standing strong defensively. Anderson hooks it forward for Edouard to chase, but he fouls Van de Ven as the defender races past him.
It looks like Porro's throughball is overhit, but Kulusevski just manages to keep it in play, almost tripping the linesman in the process. He loses Guehi with some clever footwork before seeing his cross blocked by Mitchell.
Schlupp fizzes a dangerous low cross into the six-yard box, but none of his team-mates get on the end of it. At the other end, Palace break up another Spurs attack, and Johnstone just manages to clear his lines before Maddison closes him down.
OWN GOAL! It's another neat bit of play from Spurs down their right as Porr touches it through to Sarr, and he pulls it back to Maddison on the right of the box. He was going for goal, but his shot is nowhere near the target until Ward tries to intercept it and inadvertently puts it into his own net. 1-0 Spurs!
Bissouma is caught on the ball and Edouard comes away with it, only to see his shot deflected over the bar. Hughes whips another corner into the box, picking out Guehi, but he glances his header well wide.
Spurs are back to keeping the ball in front of Palace here, and they're struggling to pass their way forward again. The hosts are happy to sit back and just let them have it.
Richarlison gets away from Ward and tries to whip a cross into the box. It's cut out by Guehi, but Palace barely make any ground before they lose possession again.
Palace are making their first change of the game here. Schlupp is the one going off, with Rak-Sakyi replacing him.
Palace have scored three own goals in the Premier League in 2023 (Andersen x2 and Ward today), with only Brighton (four) putting through their own goal more times in the competition this year.
Spurs are making a double change here. Richarlison is the first to go off, with Johnson on for him.
And Bissouma is also taken off, as Hojbjerg is brought on in his place.
SON SCORES! And Spurs finally have their first shot on target in the game! It starts with a big switch by Sarr out to Johnson, who plays a one-two with Maddison down the left so he can get into the box. Instead of going for goal himself, he touches it into Son, who makes no mistake as he fires it into the empty net. 2-0 Spurs!
Johnson was at the heart of that move, and he could've chosen to take on the shot from a tight angle, but he picked out Son in a better position.
There's a slight delay to the restart as Mitchell needs some treatment on his right knee. He jarred it trying to block Son's shot, and it's not looking good for the defender.
Palace are actually going to make a double change here. Mitchell goes off with the physio and is replaced by Clyne.
And Ahamada is also brought on in place of Hughes.
Palace are trying to work it forward, but they're struggling to keep hold of the ball in the final third. Spurs are quickly winning the ball back, and falling into their comfortable rhythm.
Maddison tries to thread it through to Johnson, but it's deflected to Emerson instead. He takes on the shot from range, only to see it charged down by Andersen, and Porro slices at his follow-up attempt.
Son has scored six away goals in the Premier League this season - the most of any player in the competition.
Romero has stayed down in the box holding his head, but the Palace fans aren't happy when the referee pulls play back. They think the defender was wasting time, and he's quickly back on his feet after the whistle.
Palace are making their final changes now. Lerma is taken off for Franca.
And Edouard is also going off, with Mateta replacing him.
Kulusevski makes another weaving run as he cuts inside from the right. He attempts to pick out Son's run, only for his blocked pass to return to him. He shoots this time, but it's blocked by Guehi.
The corner is taken short to Maddison, who fizzes it into Emerson. He loops a cross into the far post for Johnson, who heads it down for Son, but Guehi hooks it away.
Kulusevski puts Clyne under pressure at the corner flag and it pays off as he gives it away to Sarr. He takes it to the byline before squaring it towards the near post, but it's too close to Johnson.
It's better from Palace here as Andersen finds himself high up the left to curl a low cross into the box. He's looking for Guehi in the box, but Van de Ven gets a vital block in front of him.
Palace sloppily lose the ball before they can get out of their own half once more. Spurs are back to keeping comfortable possession under little pressure from the hosts.
Spurs are making a late double change here. Maddison goes off for Gil.
And Bentancur, who makes his first appearance since February after his ACL injury, comes on to a warm reception from the fans. He replaces Kulusevski.
BLOCK! We're into the first of eight added minutes here and Johnson drives down the right before laying it off to Son. He takes the shot first time, but Guehi throws himself in front of it.
Romero gifts the ball back to Palace and Ahamada lifts it over the top for Mateta. He can't quite bring it under control, and that allows Van de Ven to shepherd him out of play.
AYEW PULLS ONE BACK! Van de Ven's clearance goes out for a throw-in and Ward gives it to Andersen to swing into the box. Porro completely misjudges the flight of the ball, and Ayew is behind him to bring it down on his chest before rifling it past Vicario and into the far side of the net. VAR checks it for handball, but it counts! 2-1!
It's a wonderful cross into the box from Andersen as he curls it onto the edge of the box after spotting Ayew peeling off the back of Porro.
VAR is having a look at a possible handball against Ayew as he brought the ball down. They're taking a long time over this, much to the home fans' frustration. After two minutes, they decide it did come off his chest and the goal stands!
That goal has given the hosts a massive confidence boost and Ayew manages to win a corner. Johnstone rushes up for it, but Vicario gets a glove on it and the Palace keeper has to track all the way back to his own goal.
Emerson brought Rak-Sakyi down with a heavy challenge, and Andersen follows it up with a late tackle on Gil. The Dane is shown the first booking of the game.
Johnson gets involved in an argument among both sets of players following the challenge, and he's booked for dissent.
We've now got a third booking within two minutes as Ayew shoves Sarr to the ground. He's furious that it's given as a foul and he's shown a yellow card.
GREAT CHANCE! Was that the last one for Palace? It's curled in by Ward on the right and Mateta glances it on to Franca on the left of the box. He's quickly put under pressure by Porro and he blazes it over the bar.
FULL-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 1-2 TOTTENHAM.
Tottenham hold on to maintain their unbeaten start with a 2-1 win over Crystal Palace. Spurs dominated for the majority of the game, but were given a few early scares by Palace as Vicario made a couple of good saves to deny Ayew and Edouard. It took the visitors until the 53rd minute to find the breakthrough, with Maddison's off-target shot being turned in by Ward. Son then doubled their lead with Spurs' only shot on target in the game, finishing off a lovely move by firing it into an empty net. Palace staged a late fight back, with Ayew pulling one back with a lovely rifled finish, and Franca missed a great chance to equalise in the dying seconds. It's a win that takes Spurs five points clear at the top of the table, and they now turn their attention to Chelsea. Palace's winless run goes on as they stay in 11th. They travel to struggling Burnley next weekend. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest at Anfield.
The hosts went trophyless last term, but their start to this one has Reds fans dreaming again of a silverware-laden season having tasted defeat just once in their first 13 games of the campaign. They head into this one in fourth, but a win would move them three points behind leaders Tottenham.
After a solid start to the Premier League campaign, Forest have dropped off lately, winless in five games and just five points above the bottom three in 15th. Their form on the road has been a huge issue with just one league win away from the City Ground since early January, coming against Chelsea earlier this season.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Alisson; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil van Dijk, Konstantinos Tsimikas; Dominik Szoboszlai, Alexis Mac Allister, Ryan Gravenberch; Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez, Diogo Jota.
SUBS: Cody Gakpo, Adrian, Harvey Elliott, Joel Matip, Luke Chambers, James McConnel, Wataru Endo, Joe Gomez, Caoimhin Kelleher.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (5-3-2): Matt Turner; Serge Aurier, Willy Boly, Moussa Niakhate, Murillo, Ola Aina; Ibrahim Sangare, Orel Mangala, Nicolas Dominguez; Anthony Elanga, Morgan Gibbs-White.
SUBS: Cheikhou Kouyate, Nuno Tavares, Andrey Santos, Odisseas Vlachodimos, Harry Toffolo, Ryan Yates, Joe Worrall, Taiwo Awoniyi, Neco Williams.
Jurgen Klopp makes seven changes from his team's 5-1 thumping of Toulouse in the Europa League in midweek as Alisson is reinstated between the sticks while Konate, Van Dijk and Tsimikas come into the back four. Gravenberch impressed against Toulouse and keeps his place in midfield, where he will be joined by the returning Szoboszlai and Mac Allister, while Salah starts ahead of Elliott. Luis Diaz is absent from the squad amid concerns over his family's welfare after his parents were kidnapped in his home country of Colombia. His mother has been found, but his father remains missing.
Steve Cooper goes with a change of formation, playing with five defenders instead of the four he employed in the 2-2 home draw with Luton Town last weekend. To accommodate the alteration in shape, Niakhate is preferred to Toffolo while Aina replaces Chris Wood. The New Zealand international is absent altogether with a hamstring injury having netted both of Forest's goals against the Hatters.
The two sets of players enter the Anfield pitch and we are now moments away from this huge game in the Premier League.
The hosts kick us off and we are underway!
As you would perhaps expect, the hosts have done most of the running in these opening couple of minutes. The visitors may have to soak up a lot of pressure if they are to come away with a surprise result.
Salah's delicate lofted pass finds Nunez in the box, but the Uruguay international does not get the power he wants on his volley and the ball trickles through to Turner.
Liverpool are unbeaten in their last 24 home league games against Forest (19 wins, five draws), since a 2-0 loss in February 1969. The last four between the sides at Anfield has seen a total of 23 goals scored (5.8 per game – 16 for Liverpool, seven for Forest).
A first real foray forward for the visitors ends with Elanga flashing a shot wide of the left post.
Forest have gotten through the opening 10 minutes at Anfield, where so many teams have crumbled previously. Cooper will be encouraged by his team's start.
The away side has never won in 12 Premier League meetings between Liverpool and Forest – only Aston Villa vs Queens Park Rangers has been played more often without an away victory (14).
Mac Allister drags a long-range effort well wide of the left post as Forest continue to defend resiliently.
The sole away win this season for Cooper's men came at Stamford Bridge against Chelsea, where they had to do a lot of defending before Elanga scored the winner on the counter. Can they replicate that display here?
Alexander-Arnold receives the first booking of the contest for a late challenge on Aina as the visiting defender tried to clear upfield.
The home fans want a penalty as Nunez is sent tumbling by Boly, though they are half-hearted shouts at best and the referee instead points for a corner.
Alexander-Arnold's fierce drive from distance is bravely blocked by Sangare's head. The midfielder feels the full effect of the shot and will require some treatment.
Sangare looks a little worse for wear, but he eventually returns to his feet and play resumes.
Liverpool are on top at the moment, but Forest are so far restricting them to long-range efforts and half-chances.
Elanga is looking increasingly isolated up top as his team is forced back by wave after wave of Liverpool attack.
Turner makes a comfortable save to deny Nunez's shot from a tight angle, before the Liverpool forward heads well over the crossbar from the resulting corner.
GOAL!!! JOTA FIRES LIVERPOOL IN FRONT!!! A swift move from the hosts sees Salah slide a neat throughball into the path of Nunez, who fires goalwards. The forward's effort is saved by Turner, but the Forest goalkeeper can only parry back into the danger area, where Jota is on hand to tap home the rebound and put the hosts 1-0 up!
Mangala goes in the book for a foul on Jota in midfield.
GOAL!!! NUNEZ MAKES IT 2-0!!! Jota picks out Szoboszlai in midfield before the Hungary international plays a lovely one-two with Salah. Szoboszlai manages to dig out a cross, and Nunez is waiting in the middle to turn home and put Liverpool firmly in the driver's seat!
Szoboszlai played an integral part in the goal, linking up with Salah before putting it on a plate for Nunez.
Nunez has now contributed to goals in his last four games in the Premier League (two goals, two assists). He can certainly still frustrate, but there is no doubt things are starting to come together for the former Benfica man.
Liverpool are pressing hard for a third to potentially put this game to bed. Turner is required twice in a matter of seconds to deny Gravenberch and then Szoboszlai. The latter of those saves was a superb stop to deny Szoboszlai's powerful goalbound effort.
Nunez goes for the spectacular as he tries a bicycle kick from near the edge of the box. It is a decent effort, too, though it does clear the crossbar by a good couple of yards.
Forest try and grab a goal back before half-time as Boly nods a free-kick delivery back for Murillo to hit, but the 21-year-old gets his first-time shot badly wrong as he slices well wide.
We are into four minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
Liverpool have lost just one of their last 46 Premier League games at Anfield (W35 D10), a 2-1 defeat to Leeds United on October 29 last year. They are unbeaten in 16 home games since then (W13 D3), a record that looks set to be extended here.
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 2-0 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
The teams head back to the changing rooms at Anfield with Liverpool in control, 2-0 up thanks to goals from Jota and Nunez. Klopp's men were dominating possession and territory but struggled to break through a resilient Forest defence. However, with 31 minutes on the clock, a clever move ended with Nunez's drive parried by Turner, straight into the path of Jota who gleefully finished the rebound. It would be 2-0 just four minutes later thanks to excellent work by Szoboszlai, playing a lovely one-two with Salah before crossing for Nunez to tap home to put the Reds in command at the interval.
Forest had just 25.7 per cent of possession in that opening 45 minutes and are yet to have a shot on target. Cooper would have expected a tough outing at Anfield, but he will surely be frustrated by just how little his team have shown going forward.
The visitors get the ball rolling again for the second half.
Salah cuts onto his dangerous left foot and tries to pick out the far corner, but he does not get it quite right and the ball loops over the target.
After not drawing consecutive games across any of their first 44 games back in the Premier League between August 2022 and September 2023, Forest have drawn all three games in October. Forest have not drawn four consecutive league games since January 2016, a run that looks likely to continue here.
Dominguez cynically drags back Alexander-Arnold and receives a yellow card.
Salah has been directly involved in 17 goals in his last 13 Premier League appearances at Anfield for Liverpool (14 goals, three assists), either scoring or assisting in every appearance. He is yet to register a goal involvement in this outing, though.
The visitors have accumulated just 0.13 xG (expected goals) so far. They will have to create more in attack if they are to pull off an unlikely comeback.
Mac Allister is booked for wiping out Gibbs-White in midfield.
Jota opened the scoring but now makes way for Gakpo.
Gravenberch is replaced by Elliott.
Just under half an hour to play at Anfield and Liverpool are in almost complete control. Their lead is only the two goals, though, and Klopp will be wanting a third soon to avoid any late nerves.
Salah picks himself up off the turf after being felled by Murillo to let fly from the resulting free-kick, though he can only curl high and wide of the target.
Forest are showing little signs of life in attack, yet to have an attempt in this second half.
Liverpool have not lost a home Premier League game against a team whose name begins with 'N' since losing 1-0 to Norwich City in April 1994, going 40 unbeaten at Anfield since (33 wins, seven draws).
Alexander-Arnold lets fly with an ambitious effort from all of 30 yards out, but it proves to be a poor decision as he fires off target.
Cooper makes his first changes, bringing on Yates for Dominguez.
Aina makes way for Toffolo.
Cooper brings on Awoniyi for Boly in an attacking substitution.
The hosts have had 18 shots, compared to just two for their opponents. It has been a dominant performance from Liverpool.
Liverpool are continuing to press for a third that would surely put this game beyond the visitors' reach, if it was not already.
15 minutes to play at Anfield and Klopp's side still lead by just the two goals. If Forest pull one back, it could be a nervy remainder of the game for the hosts.
GOAL!!! SALAH PUTS IT TO BED!!! It is an absolute howler from Turner, who races out of his goal to try and cut out Szoboszlai's punted ball upfield. The Forest goalkeeper completely misjudges the bounce of the ball and Salah latches onto it, coolly finishing to make it 3-0 and surely wrap up the three points for Liverpool!
Szoboszlai's lofted throughball was in hope more than expectation, though Salah was on hand to take full advantage of Turner's mistake.
Nunez had a big hand in the first two goals and now makes way for Endo.
Gakpo cuts onto his right foot before unleashing a drive towards the bottom corner, though it goes the wrong side of the post for Liverpool and instead crashes into the side-netting.
Gibbs-White trudges off for Williams.
Santos enters the fray for Mangala.
An almighty scramble in the Liverpool has Forest players claiming for a penalty, though the protests are to no avail as the referee waves play on.
OFF THE BAR! Yates' deep cross picks out Elanga at the back post. The former Manchester United man catches his left-footed volley sweetly, but the ball crashes off the woodwork and away from danger.
Another chance for Forest goes begging as another delivery finds Elanga at the back post, but this time, his volley never troubles Alisson's goal as he smashes over and into the stands.
Alexander-Arnold is replaced by Gomez.
As Liverpool come forward on the counter, Sangare takes out Gakpo and picks up a yellow card.
We are into four minutes of additional time. Forest are finally showing some attacking intent, though it has come far too late for it to have any impact.
GOAL!!! GAKPO MAKES IT 4-0!!! With seconds remaining, another intricate move ends with Elliott firing across the face of goal. Gakpo is there in the middle, and he prods home to cap the victory for Liverpool! There will be a VAR check, though...
NO GOAL!!! The replays show that Gakpo was a good couple of yards offside and the goal is ruled out. The score remains 3-0 to Liverpool!
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 3-0 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
The full-time whistle blows as Liverpool run out comfortable 3-0 victors at Anfield against a below-par Forest. Jota set them on their way to three points as he prodded home the rebound from Nunez's parried shot, before the Uruguay international netted himself just four minutes later, turning Szoboszlai's cross into the back of the net to put the hosts in control at the interval. Any hopes of a Forest comeback were ended after the break, Turner making a huge error in misjudging the bounce of Szoboszlai's punt upfield, a mistake that Salah took full advantage of as he coolly finished to seal the win, one that moves Liverpool onto 23 points, just three behind leaders Tottenham. For Forest, their winless run extends to six games, a streak that Cooper will be keen to halt with his team just five points above the drop zone. That is all we have for you from Anfield, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
It is derby time in Manchester, as Manchester United host Manchester City for this enticing renewal of Premier League rivalries.
So long in City’s shadow across recent years, United’s start to the season has befitted their second-rate status in the reckoning between the two Manchester sides. Four wins and as many draws before the international break was hardly enough for a top-four challenge, never mind a first top-flight title since 2012. Erik ten Hag’s men have somewhat improved since, though, defeating struggling Sheffield United 2-1 to back up their late rescue act against Brentford before the October internationals. Unlikely victors in this exact meeting last season, United will be desperate for a derby-day victory to kickstart their season.
City and their depth of world-class talent are once again fighting at the Premier League summit, sitting in third with the opportunity to cut league-leading Tottenham’s advantage to two points with a victory here. However, back-to-back defeats against Wolves and Arsenal – the latter a fellow title challenger – dampened the mood in Pep Guardiola’s camp before the pause for international football. That dour outlook will have perhaps eased after a 2-1 win over Brighton and a 3-1 victory at Young Boys in the Champions League, as last season’s treble winners aim for three wins on the spin with a visit to their noisy neighbours at Old Trafford.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Diogo Dalot, Jonny Evans, Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof; Scott McTominay, Sofyan Amrabat; Bruno Fernandes, Christian Eriksen, Marcus Rashford; Rasmus Hojlund.
SUBSTITUTES: Altay Bayindir, Mason Mount, Anthony Martial, Sergio Reguilon, Alejandro Garnacho, Raphael Varane, Antony, Kobbie Mainoo, Hannibal Mejbri.
MANCHESTER CITY (3-2-4-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Ruben Dias, Josko Gvardiol; John Stones, Rodri; Phil Foden, Julian Alvarez, Bernardo Silva, Jack Grealish; Erling Haaland.
SUBSTITUTES: Kalvin Phillips, Nathan Ake, Mateo Kovacic, Jeremy Doku, Stefan Ortega, Sergio Gomez, Matheus Nunes, Oscar Bobb, Rico Lewis.
Ten Hag opts for three changes from the 1-0 win over Copenhagen in the Champions League. Eriksen replaces Antony, while Evans and Lindelof are in for Varane and Reguilon. Casemiro remains the most notable absentee as his ankle injury keeps him out of action for the Manchester derby.
Guardiola makes six alterations to his starting line-up against Young Boys in midweek. Walker, Gvardiol, Stones, Silva, Alvarez and Foden all come back in. Manuel Akanji misses out through suspension, while Ake, Kovacic, Doku, Nunes and Lewis all drop to the bench.
United came from behind to win this exact fixture 2-1 last season – they're looking to win consecutive home league games against City for the first time since a run of three between 2008-09 and 2010-11. Can the Red Devils go back-to-back? We’re about to find out as kick-off approaches at Old Trafford…
After another touching tribute to United legend Bobby Charlton, who died aged 86 last weekend, referee Paul Tierney blows his whistle and we are underway at Old Trafford!
Rashford has a dash at Walker before offloading inside to Eriksen, who sets Dalot. The right-back crosses towards the back post, where Lindelof cannot redirect back across goal as City settle for a goal-kick.
CHANCE! Fernandes hassles Gvardiol and wins possession inside City's half before releasing McTominay. The Scotland international has Hojlund outside him on the run, but opts for a left-footed shot that the United midfielder scuffs straight at Ederson.
A raucous noise echoes around Old Trafford as both sets of supporters whip up a frantic Manchester derby atmosphere. Ten Hag's side have started with a scent of purpose, although Guardiola's visitors are slowly settling into the early exchanges.
Onana takes his time before hitting the chest of Hojlund with an arrowed pass. United look assured in possession so far and City are yet to see much of the ball.
HOW HAVE CITY NOT SCORED! Rodri clips a wonderful pass into Walker, who heads back towards the near post. Foden nods a first-time header towards the top-left corner, where Onana parries away an unconvincing save. Haaland is there on the follow-up but somehow fails to convert from point-blank range, with Maguire clearing off the line.
City have won more Premier League away games against United than any other side (eight), with seven of their eight wins at Old Trafford coming in their last 12 visits.
Gvardiol concedes possession inside his own half once again, but Hojlund fails to find the marauding McTominay with a throughball. A promising United start has the Old Trafford crowd on their feet.
Grealish has the chance to run at Dalot but rolls to Hojlund, who bursts over the halfway line to lead a counter-attack. Rashford wants playing in behind but the United forward finds Eriksen, who goes backwards and the chance comes to nothing.
Dias climbs over the back of Hojlund and gives away a needless free-kick near the halfway line. The United forward is causing all sorts of problems for City's three-man defence, who appear unable to cope with the striker's pace and physicality in the early stages.
A first-time Foden pass from the right-hand side should set Haaland free but the City talisman is caught on his heels. Onana is quick off his line to launch a clearance long, thwarting the Norway international for the time being.
Amrabat lunges into Haaland and fells the forward, conceding a free-kick inside the United half for his ill-timed challenge. Rodri goes short before Grealish and Silva exchange a one-two, with the Portugal midfielder's cross cleared at the near post by Maguire.
SAVE! A first City corner of the game comes on the left-hand side after Grealish looks to progress with a gliding run. Alvarez works the corner short before finding Grealish, whose deflected right-footed shot forces Onana to parry a smart save behind for another set-piece.
Alvarez opts to cross with this corner but Silva is beaten in the air at the back post with ease. Grealish regains possession as City quickly regroup into shape. Stones looks to get in behind onto Rodri's pass, which races out for a goal-kick.
Alvarez curls an inviting free-kick towards the front post but Dalot heads away as Dias looks to attack. Rodri is adamant his shirt was being pulled by Hojlund in the same phase of play, but the referee is not interested in those appeals. The VAR will have a look at this one, though...
PENALTY TO CITY! Tierney stops the game as Onana clears long, with the VAR instructing the match official to check the touchline monitor. The referee rewatches the footage of Hojlund wrapping his arm around Rodri, and deems the tug to be enough to award City a penalty! The United forward did not need to do that, and is rightfully punished.
Before the penalty can be taken, Onana is shown a yellow card for wasting time and delaying Haaland’s spot-kick.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLL! CITY STRIKE FIRST! After Hojlund’s needless tug on Rodri, Haaland hovers over the spot-kick in front of the Stretford End. The Norway international strokes his penalty into the bottom-right corner as Onana dives the wrong way. 1-0 to Guardiola’s visitors!
For all of United's positive start, the hosts once again fall behind to the impressive City. Hojlund will have to take the blame for his needless foul on Rodri that offered fellow Scandinavian Haaland the chance to put the visitors ahead.
Rodri's pass backwards to Ederson has Fernandes momentarily interested before the City goalkeeper hacks a long clearance away. United must find a way to test Guardiola's side before the half-time whistle.
CHANCES! Foden inadvertently sends Hojlund racing through on goal but the United forward cannot beat Ederson with Stones in close company. He manages to recover and find Fernandes, who hooks well over from close range at the near post.
City fans continue to taunt United supporters over their recent dominance in the Premier League, the condition of Old Trafford and the Red Devils' Glazer ownership. Ten Hag's side must let their football do the talking to quieten a boisterous away following.
Silva continues to keep the City midfielder ticking, dancing in and out of pockets of space to find team-mates with consummate ease. Guardiola's side look good value for their lead thus far.
Alvarez lifts a right-wing cross towards the six-yard area, where Maguire makes a mess of the clearance as Grealish looks to nip in front of Dalot. The England centre-back eventually manages to hoist behind for a corner.
Another Alvarez corner is cleared well at the near post by Evans. City are soon back in control of possession, though, before Evans hacks down Grealish with a late lunge. The visitors have a free-kick in a promising wide position just outside the area.
SAVE! Alvarez and Foden stand over the wide free-kick before the former takes aims towards the near post. Onana sees it all the way and parries over the Argentina forward's right-footed strike.
Haaland's goal was the first penalty scored by City at Old Trafford in the Premier League, as well as their first awarded in a fixture there in the competition. The wait is worth it at the moment, with Guardiola's visitors heading towards half-time in control.
Grealish dances inside once more and has a right-footed shot deflected behind by the covering Amrabat. Alvarez crosses towards the far post but Maguire heads away a convincing clearance.
Grealish is on the end of a late Fernandes challenge in what was a one-sided aerial duel. The United playmaker is arguably fortunate to avoid a caution, despite delighting the Old Trafford crowd when sending the England winger spiralling to the floor.
Amrabat and Foden go head-to-head with one another after a scuffle in the middle between the pair. Referee Tierney takes stock of the situation, calling the pair over. The City winger is not best pleased when seeing a yellow card brandished in the air.
Amrabat, who initially reacted with needless aggression to Foden's foul, also goes into referee Tierney's book. That is perhaps the most fight United have shown all half.
Alvarez whips a right-sided corner towards the far post but Rashford rises the highest to head away from the incoming Rodri. Ten Hag's hosts desperately need half-time, with the gulf in class abundant for all to see.
Walker sneaks in behind but Evans is there to make a near-post clearance out for a corner. Haaland was interested for a brief moment before the Northern Ireland centre-back's intervention. Alvarez's resulting set-piece comes to nothing.
Rashford and Gvardiol race towards a loose ball on the right-hand side but the City centre-back snuffs out the danger with a well-timed sliding challenge. There will be four minutes of additional time to end this half.
WHAT A SAVE! Ederson keeps his side's lead intact on the stroke of half-time with a fantastic stop. Rashford sends McTominay in behind before the Scotland international lashes a right-footed half-volley towards the roof of the net. The City goalkeeper produces a rapid reflex stop to tip over the crossbar.
Rashford lifts another right-wing centre towards the far post, where Dias is forced to head over and behind for a corner. A late United flurry of set-pieces will end this half, albeit this one comes to nothing as Maguire heads Fernandes' cross well wide.
ANOTHER GREAT STOP! Silva ghosts down the left flank to latch onto Grealish's chipped pass, before lofting an inviting delivery towards the far post. Haaland surely thinks he cannot miss but his headed effort is saved by a flying Onana stop. The United goalkeeper did excellently to cover a lot of ground and thwart the City forward there.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 0-1 MANCHESTER CITY
Haaland's 26th-minute penalty is enough to send City into the break leading United 1-0 at Old Trafford. The Norway international converted from 12 yards after the VAR and Tierney adjudged Hojlund to have needlessly pulled back Rodri from a wide free-kick. In what was an entertaining first half, Ederson also denied a fine McTominay strike before Onana produced an equally impressive stop to thwart Haaland on the stroke of half-time.
Guardiola's main concern will be City's inability to put this game out of sight, such was their dominance for large parts of the first half. As it stands, United will fancy their chances of ramping up the pressure and mounting a comeback. Ten Hag's men must improve, though, if they are to have any chance of salvaging a point or more in this Manchester derby.
Mount replaces Amrabat at half-time. An attacking change from Ten Hag ahead of the second half.
Referee Tierney gets the second half underway! United have 45 minutes to find a way back into this Premier League clash...
CLOSE! Eriksen goes short to Rashford from a left-wing free-kick before the England international wins a corner off Foden. The United winger takes a quick set-piece towards the edge of the area to Fernandes, whose swerving right-footed strike is saved well by Ederson.
Silva angles an inviting left-wing centre towards the far post, but Foden fails to sort his feet out and hooks a left-footed shot well over the bar. That was an awkward-looking attempt from the England winger, who ghosted in behind Lindelof with ease.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 2-0 CITY! Guardiola’s visitors tear United to pieces at Old Trafford. Alvarez arrows a diagonal pass for Grealish, who offloads to Silva on the overlap. The Portugal International makes it to the byline before clipping a left-footed cross towards Haaland, who heads into an empty net at the back post. The Premier League champions are in complete control!
Silva speeds down the left-hand side before Grealish slips a well-time pass on the overlap. The City midfielder, who has covered so much ground in this Manchester derby, has the presence of mind to find the unmarked Haaland, who will not have an easier finish in this game.
Haaland now has any many Premier League goals this season (11) as United do as a team. That is a troubling statistic for Ten Hag.
There is a brief VAR check after Grealish blocks Dalot's right-wing cross inside the area. The City winger is outside the box, and the loose ball hits his leg, so the on-field decision remains without United winning what would have been a nonsense penalty.
Old Trafford has fallen into a period of silence, such is the one-sided nature of what is another frustrating Manchester derby for United. Ten Hag stands motionless on the touchline, as Guardiola gestures wildly towards his team that are fully in the ascendancy on their neighbours' own turf.
'Mind the gap' is the message from the City supporters to the United faithful as Guardiola's side knock possession around with worrying ease. Alvarez bursts into the area, leaving Mount in his tracks, before driving a shot at Lindelof and behind for a corner.
CHANCE! Foden has the freedom of Manchester to glide inside before his whipped pass hits Rodri and deflects into the feet of Grealish. Silva fakes an overlapping run, allowing Grealish to step inside before his right-footed curled attempt is beaten away by Onana.
WIDE! Delightful football has United scrambling all over the place. Alvarez powers inside before exchanging a one-two with Stones and playing out to his left. Silva lets the pass roll through his legs to Grealish, who drags a left-footed effort just wide to the right of goal. The Red Devils are having a torrid outing.
Stones takes an age over a free-kick as City are not convinced that Fernandes is the required distance away. Once again, if United took as much interest in their efforts on the pitch as they do with the referee, Ten Hag's side may not be in as bad of a position as they are.
All the noise is coming from the City away end as the travelling supporters continue to taunt their silent Old Trafford hosts. Ten Hag's side have barely laid a glove on the visitors in this second half.
Alvarez continues to cause United problems with his troublesome movement, this time ghosting inside from the right-hand channel. Argentina's World Cup winner sets his sights on the top-left corner but miscues a left-footed effort well wide to the left of goal.
A rare United foray forward ends with Stones heading away Eriksen's right-wing cross. Fernandes then stands up a delivery towards the back post but Walker rises highest to clear the danger. The Red Devils appear completely out of ideas at both ends of the pitch.
Silva takes the selfish option and smashes a left-footed strike straight into the hands of Onana. Down the other end, Dalot's near-post cross is calmly dealt with by Stones. This game is opening up into an end-to-end affair.
Rodri loses possession but McTominay cannot capitalise as Stones steps in. Eriksen recovers the ball, though, and sees his right-sided cross deflected behind for a corner. The Denmark midfielder whips the set-piece towards the near post, where Alvarez clears behind again.
Eriksen takes another corner towards the near post but, this time, Stones is the man to head clear. United are struggling, and cannot even create a set-piece opportunity against their dominant visitors.
WIDE! Walker completely switches off as Rashford speeds in behind to receive a diagonal pass from Eriksen. The United forward chests down towards the right of goal before dragging a right-footed strike wide to Ederson's right. A huge chance goes amiss for Ten Hag's hosts.
GREAT STOP! Gvardiol feeds Grealish, who spins through the middle before rolling through for Haaland. The City forward takes a touch before attempting to chip a left-footed lob over Onana, who does well to parry a save behind for a corner.
Onana makes a complete mess of a loose ball after Silva looks to sneak in behind the United defence. Fortunately for the goalkeeper, Foden gets his feet in a tangle and fails to find a team-mate inside the area.
Jeers ring around Old Trafford as Ten Hag sends on Garnacho for Hojlund.
Regular full-back Reguilon also comes on for makeshift left-back Lindelof.
Grealish again has tons of room to dance inside before his right-footed drive is deflected wide to the left of goal. The resulting corner comes to nothing, however.
Frustration continues to grow inside Old Trafford as Maguire and Dalot have no option but to play backwards. Mount has been virtually anonymous since his half-time introduction, while McTominay and Eriksen have been unable to challenge City's dominant midfield.
Silva now shares the record with Eyal Berkovic (five) for most Premier League assists against United. The City midfielder has made a mockery of the Red Devils, constantly keeping Guardiola's visitors ticking over and moving about with real purpose.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 3-0 TO CITY AND GAME OVER! Grealish takes an age to draw Dalot out before offloading to Rodri, who marauds forward before his left-footed strike is parried away by Onana. Haaland is quick to the rebound before sliding across the face of goal for Foden to tap into an empty net. The Red Devils have been embarrassed and outclassed by their noisy neighbours!
Haaland may have his eyes on a hat-trick but he opts for the selfless option here. The City talisman receives the rebound to the right of goal before teeing up a simple Foden finish from point-blank range.
This result is entirely what City deserve for their dominance but also what a woeful United warrant for yet another underwhelming display. Foden threatens to add a fourth goal with an audacious overhead kick that goes wide to the left of goal.
Garnacho is far too slow on the edge of the City area as Rodri speeds in and regains possession. Rashford was waiting for a throughball that never arrived from his United team-mate.
Fernandes seems more intent on kicking the opposition than playing football. The United midfielder goes down after a strong challenge on Stones, who simply stands his ground and watches the Portugal international fall to the floor.
Fernandes whips a left-sided corner towards the edge of the area, where Walker blocks Eriksen's acrobatic right-footed volley. The Stretford End attempts to encourage Ten Hag's hosts, but even a minor miracle cannot save the Red Devils now.
Rashford trudges off for Martial.
Antony gets a few minutes in the closing stages as the winger replaces Eriksen.
Guardiola brings Kovacic on for Alvarez. The Croatia midfielder will make his debut against United.
The superb Grealish also makes way for Doku, who gets his first taste of Manchester derby action.
Fernandes' corner towards the near post is poor and Kovacic comes across to clear with ease. Just a few minutes remain for City, who are coasting to yet another victory over their fierce rivals.
There will be four minutes of additional time to end this game, although the encounter has been over since Foden's goal in the 80th minute. Old Trafford has virtually emptied.
Antony has a petulant kick at Doku, swiping at the winger’s ankles. The United forward then squares up to the Belgium international, and goes into the book for his child-like behaviour. That was embarrassing from the former Ajax man.
Almost to continue teasing Antony, Doku glides down the left-hand side before the United winger concedes a corner. In the build-up, Fernandes hacks at the City forward with a lunging tackle and rightfully is shown a yellow card.
Evans needlessly hauls down Rodri, who stays down outside the area. City will have a free-kick in a good position, but first referee Tierney must calm rising tensions between Doku, Antony and Fernandes. The latter United pair seem more interested in causing problems then playing football.
Haaland smashes a poor free-kick straight into the wall but that will not matter for City. It is game over, and Guardiola's side are the kings of Manchester once again!
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 0-3 MANCHESTER CITY
Manchester remains blue as City ease to a 3-0 victory over their insipid neighbours United. Ten Hag’s side offered little to excite the frustrated Old Trafford crowd as their fierce rivals ran riot on opposition turf. Haaland’s first-half penalty, awarded after a VAR check for a Hojlund pull on Rodri, set Guardiola’s visitors on their way. The Norway international added his second after the interval to double the away side’s advantage, before teeing up a simple Foden finish to cap a dominant performance. Victory moves City level on points with second-placed Arsenal, and two behind Tottenham after 10 games. Ten Hag’s hosts, who were jeered off after their woeful performance, remain eighth and some eight points off the top four. The Red Devils will look to bounce back when they host Newcastle United in Wednesday’s EFL Cup clash, before visiting Fulham in the league next Saturday. City have won three games on the spin and host Bournemouth in their next Premier League outing. That is all from this live coverage, until next time – it is goodbye for now!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between West Ham and Everton.
West Ham return to Premier League action after losing to Olympiakos in the Europa League during the week. David Moyes’ men started the season strongly and collected three wins and one draw in their opening four games, with their victory against Luton Town propelling them to the top of the table. However, the Hammers have only triumphed in one of their last five games, losing three times. They lost 4-1 to Aston Villa in their previous league outing and have dropped down to ninth position. However, West Ham will be confident that they can return to winning ways against Everton as they have won four of their last six league matches against them.
Everton were beaten by bitter rivals Liverpool in the Merseyside derby in their last outing, with Mohamed Salah scoring twice in a 2-0 win for the Reds. The Toffees had won two of their previous three league games before losing at Anfield, with impressive wins over Brentford and Bournemouth coming either side of a 2-1 defeat against Luton. Their recent upturn in results was required, with Everton collecting just one point from their first five games. Sean Dyche's side are just two places and two points above the relegation zone.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Kurt Zouma, Nayef Aguerd, Aaron Cresswell; James Ward-Prowse, Edson Alvarez; Jarrod Bowen, Lucas Paqueta, Mohammed Kudus; Michail Antonio.
WEST HAM SUBS: Lukasz Fabianski, Pablo Fornals, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Maxwel Cornet, Danny Ings, Angelo Ogbonna, Said Benrahma, Thilo Kehrer, Tomas Soucek.
EVERTON (4-5-1): Jordan Pickford; Nathan Patterson, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite, Vitalii Mykolenko; Jack Harrison, James Garner, Abdoulaye Doucoure, Amadou Onana, Dwight McNeil; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
EVERTON SUBS: Michael Keane, Arnaut Danjuma, Joao Virginia, Beto, Ben Godfrey, Idrissa Gueye, Youssef Chermiti, Mackenzie Hunt, Lewis Dobbin.
West Ham make two changes to the side that lost to Villa in their last Premier League match. Cresswell returns from injury to make his first start of the season and replaces Emerson Palmieri at left-back, with the former Chelsea defender out through suspension. Kudus also comes in for Soucek.
Everton only make one alteration to the team that was beaten by Liverpool. Ashley Young was sent off in the Merseyside derby, meaning Patterson comes in at right-back.
Everton have lost more Premier League away games against London sides than any other side (87). They did, however, win their last visit to the capital (3-1 v Brentford), last winning back-to-back such matches in May 2021 (the second of which was against West Ham). The teams are on the pitch and are paying their respect to Bill Kenwright and Sir Bobby Charlton.
This Premier League clash is under way.
Everton will want to start the game quickly to boost the morale around the club after a difficult week. They are also facing a deduction of 12 points due to alleged breaches of financial rules.
West Ham have started the game well and are keeping possession. Ward-Prowse rolls the ball across to Cresswell, who slides a throughball down the wing. Antonio races down the channel to get there but pokes it behind for a goal-kick.
Garner switches the play over to the left, with McNeil controlling it well. He is up against Coufal and looks to go past him before flashing a low cross into the box that is collected by Areola.
West Ham are focusing their attacks down the left. Antonio approaches the byline and beats Patterson on the outside before driving a cross into the heart of the box. However, Onana is there and he clears it away.
CHANCE! West Ham are keeping the ball well around the box. Kudus drops the ball off to Paqueta, who dinks a pass over the top of Everton's defence and into the path of Bowen. However, he cannot get there and Pickford gets there to divert it away.
Cresswell is over a free-kick on the left and he sends an inviting cross into the box. Bowen attacks it but gets his header all wrong. Doucoure then clears it behind for a corner.
Mykolenko has possession just inside Everton's half. He attempts to send an early pass through to Calvert-Lewin, but the striker is offside.
Coufal sends a throw-in from the right into the box. Zouma climbs to get his head on it, but the centre-back loops his effort straight into the gloves of Pickford.
Kudus is starting his first game in the Premier League and has shown some promising signs with some nice touches in Everton's half. He looks to win the ball off Tarkowski but goes through the back of the defender and gives away a free-kick.
Zouma drives a pass into the feet of Kudus, who skips past Branthwaite before being tripped by the Everton man. There have been a lot of small fouls in the middle of the pitch that has stopped the game from being able to flow.
Harrison and Patterson combine down the right, with the latter of the two whipping a cross into the heart of the box. McNeil gets on the end of it and tries to poke a pass through to Calvert-Lewin, but the striker is offside.
West Ham pass the ball around the middle third of the pitch, with Kudus, Paqueta and Alvarez all involved. Cresswell then receives it on the left but sends his pass straight out for a throw-in.
WIDE! What a chance for West Ham. Paqueta controls the ball on the left before flicking it over the head of Patterson. He then sends a pass across the box to Bowen, who misses the target with a first-time effort.
SAVE! Everton have a chance of their own. Paqueta gifts the ball to Harrison, with the Everton man driving the ball forward. He approaches the box and has options on his left and right but sends his low shot straight at Areola.
Tarkowski makes a strong challenge on Kudus and players from both teams get involved in a scuffle. The referee stops the game and yellow cards are about to come out.
Pickford rushes out of his goal and is booked for his part in the altercation.
Kudus was on the end of Tarkowski's tackle and goes into the book for his reaction.
Paqueta attempts to curl a first-time pass over the top of Everton's defence and through to a team-mate, but the ball goes back to Pickford. The away side then gift possession back to West Ham after trying to rush an attack forward.
Everton are looking to put the ball into the box when they get down the wings. This time Mykolenko searches for Calvert-Lewin with an early ball in, but his attempt is blocked by Aguerd.
Doucoure wins a corner off Zouma. Tarkowski gets there first inside the box, but his downward header is blocked.
Onana wins possession in the midfield and he slides a pass down the left to Doucoure. His low cross is poked away by Aguerd, with Harrison recovering it. He moves the ball onto his left foot before blasting his shot high and wide.
Onana leads all Everton players in the Premier League this season for tackles (22), possession won (62), duels won (71) and fouls won (19), while he ranks second for aerials won (27) and passes (382), behind only James Tarkowski (30 and 386 respectively).
West Ham started the game brightly but are finding it difficult to create chances in the attacking third of the pitch. They have retained possession in their own half but are passing it in front of Everton, who are keeping a strong defensive shape.
Aguerd sends a direct pass into Everton's half, with Bowen moving inside from the right to try and get onto the end of it. However, Mykolenko shields it well and allows the ball to go back to Pickford.
Mykolenko is not being put under pressure on the left and he whips a cross into the box. Calvert-Lewin runs back to get away from his marker before heading well over from inside the box.
Onana is on the floor and is receiving treatment after a strong tackle on Kudus. However, after a short time, he returns to his feet and will be able to continue.
This match has struggled to get going in the attack and there has only been two shots on target. Alvarez switches the ball over to the right, with Coufal bursting forward, but his cross goes into the gloves of Pickford.
There will be five minutes of additional time.
Bowen is fouled inside West Ham's half and Coufal tries to take it quickly. Antonio rushes down the right, but the referee stops the game as the ball was still moving when Coufal kicked it.
Garner strolls down the left and is looking for options in the middle. The midfielder then pokes it down the left to Mykolenko, but he puts too much on it and sends it out for a goal-kick.
HALF-TIME: WEST HAM 0-0 EVERTON
Harrison had the best chance to break the deadlock in a match that ends goalless at half-time. West Ham started the game well and were attacking down the left at every opportunity. Paqueta flicked the ball over the head of Patterson before driving a pass across to Bowen, who stroked his first-time effort wide. Moments later, Everton had their best chance of the half. Harrison won possession in the midfield and drove forward with it. He had options to his left and right but struck his low strike straight at Areola. Calvert-Lewin missed the target with a header, and Harrison blazed a shot high and wide from outside the box.
West Ham were the better team in the opening exchanges. Kudus had a lot of nice touches in Everton's half, with Paqueta and Cresswell combing well down the left. However, they seemed to lack energy as the half progressed and were being put under pressure by Everton. As for the away side, they grew into the game. Harrison has been positive on the wing and Mykolenko has delivered a few good crosses. However, they will want to get more out of Calvert-Lewin, who has only had a couple of half chances to score.
Everton get the ball rolling again. No changes at the break.
BLOCK! West Ham start the half brightly. Paqueta brings the ball down well on the left and looks for Antonio in the middle. Everton get it away, but the hosts recycle it well and Bowen receives it just inside the box. He shifts it onto his left foot before curling an effort towards the goal that is blocked by Branthwaite.
Ward-Prowse gives away a free-kick just inside West Ham's half, allowing Everton to put the ball into the box. Garner chips into a dangerous area and Tarkowski tries to attack it, but the hosts clear it away.
Harrison collects the ball well and plays a pass into the feet of Calvert-Lewin. He uses his body to get past two defenders and finishes with composure.
GOALLL! CALVERT-LEWIN SCORES! 1-0 EVERTON! What a finish from Calvert-Lewin! Harrison has the ball on the edge of the box and he flicks a pass into the striker. He goes past Zouma and Aguard and drives a shot across the goal and into the bottom corner.
Calvert-Lewin's goal is his 50th in the Premier League for Everton, becoming only the fourth Everton player to reach this milestone after Romelu Lukaku (68), Duncan Ferguson (60) and Tim Cahill (56).
OVER! Paqueta rolls past Garner on the left and lofts a cross towards Antonio. Mykolenko heads it into the air and Bowen smashes over from a tight angle.
Ward-Prowse whips a cross from the right into the box. Paqueta gets on the end of it, but he cannot direct his overhead kick towards the goal.
West Ham make a change. Benrahma comes on for Antonio in the attack.
Bowen sends a cross into Kudus, but the former Ajax man cannot get the ball out of his feet. Branthwaite flicks it away, but Bowen recovers it and plays it back to Alvarez, who shoots over.
SAVE! Everton should have doubled their advantage. Calvert-Lewin flicks the ball into the path of Doucoure, who is one-on-one with Areola. He goes low with his strike and Areola pushes it wide.
Cresswell is making his first start of the season and is struggling against Harrison. The Everton winger is looking to go at him at every opportunity and is having a lot of joy down the right side.
Ward-Prowse and Cresswell are over a free-kick. The former takes and whips a cross into the box. Branthwaite heads it away, but Benrahma is there and he looks to put the ball back into the box. McNeil blocks it and the hosts want a penalty for handball, but nothing is given.
McNeil strolls forward with possession inside West Ham's half and is not being put under pressure. He blasts a powerful shot towards the goal that is pushed over by Areola.
Bowen wins a corner on the right and Ward-Prowse comes over to take it. His outswinging cross is met by Aguard, who has his downward header blocked by Onana. The hosts want a penalty as it hit the arm of the midfielder, but it was in a natural position.
Paqueta goes into the book for dissent. He wanted a corner on the left after Garner blocked his cross, but a goal-kick was given as it came back off the West Ham man.
Everton have defended well in this game, but they still have plenty of work to do. West Ham have scored in each of their last 11 Premier League games, including all nine this season. Only in 2015-16 have they ever scored in each of their first 10 games from the start of a Premier League campaign.
Garner has possession on the left inside West Ham's half and attempts to whip a cross into the box. The hosts get it away, but only as far as the Everton man. He attempts to loop the ball across this time, but Areola catches it with ease.
West Ham make a change in the midfield. Soucek replaces Ward-Prowse.
Coufal is tripped by Harrison, with the referee taking his time to give a free-kick. Dyche is furious as Calvert-Lewin was breaking away.
Onana drives forward with the ball and slides a throughball into the path of Calvert-Lewin. He springs behind West Ham's defence and crashes the bar with his strike. The flag goes up for offside, but it was very tight.
Benrahma is shown a yellow card for a foul on Garner after he had initially lost possession.
SAVE! What a stop from Pickford! Coufal's cross is cleared away as far as Paqueta, who volleys a shot towards the goal. Bowen flicks it into the path of Kudus, with the attacker having his attempt blocked by the goalkeeper at close range. The flag then goes up for offside
West Ham commit men forward, with the hosts playing it around quickly in Everton's defensive third. The ball drops to Paqueta, but he takes too long in possession, allowing Onana to make a vital tackle.
Paqueta is on the ball and he slides a throughball down the right to Kudus, who gets around the back of Everton's defence. He attempts to cut it back to Bowen, but it goes behind the winger and through to Onana.
Alvarez goes into the book for a late slide tackle on Onana. He will miss West Ham's game against Brentford.
West Ham are making a switch to try and force an equaliser. Moyes adds another attacker to the mix, with Ings coming on for Cresswell.
SAVE! Aguerd strides down the left and chips a cross into the box. However, it looks to be heading on target, forcing Pickford to rush back and push the ball over.
Everton make their first change of the game. Chermiti is given a chance to make an impression up front and replaces Calvert-Lewin, who could have scored the winner with his goal earlier in the half.
SAVE! Pickford makes another strong stop. Paqueta curls a first-time cross from the right towards Benrahma, who crashes a volley on target. Pickford gets behind it and pushes his powerful strike away.
There will be six minutes of additional time.
Paqueta switches the play from right to left, with Benrahma taking the ball down well. He attempts to beat Patterson, but the right-back makes a good tackle. The Everton man has had an excellent half.
The West Ham players are furious. The game is stopped with McNeil on the floor. The Everton man stays on the floor for a short period before returning to his feet.
Benrahma has possession on the left and goes from side to side to try and beat Harrison, but the winger stays with him and pokes it away. West Ham had players in the box waiting for a cross.
CHANCE! Ings drifts over to the left to receive the ball. He has options in the middle and attempts to loop a cross into a dangerous area but sends it straight into the gloves of Pickford.
Kudus helps the ball down the right to Bowen, who tries to send a cross into the box. However, it takes a deflection off an Everton defender and into the path of Pickford.
FULL-TIME: WEST HAM 0-1 EVERTON
Calvert-Lewin scored his 50th Premier League goal to help Everton beat West Ham at London Stadium. The hosts had the first chance of the match. Paqueta flicked the ball over the head of Patterson and drilled a pass across to Bowen, but he blasted his shot wide. Harrison had a shot saved by Areola before an entertaining second half. Bowen had a goal-bound effort blocked by Branthwaite, with Everton scoring soon after. Harrison found Calvert-Lewin, who rolled past two defenders before driving his strike across the goal and into the bottom corner. Bowen smashed a shot over from a tight angle before Doucoure had a golden opportunity. He got onto the end of a clever flick from Calvert-Lewin, but his effort was pushed wide by Areola. Paqueta then found Benrahma with an excellent cross for West Ham's final chance. However, his powerful volley was stopped by Pickford. Attention now turns to the EFL Cup. West Ham host Arsenal and Everton welcome Burnley. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Wolves and Newcastle United at Molineux!
By seeing off 10-man Bournemouth last week, Wolves extended their Premier League unbeaten run to four matches - the Midlands club's longest streak without defeat since January 2022. As a result, Gary O'Neil's men have moved well clear of the relegation zone and into mid-table. However, Wolves have taken only four points from a possible 12 at Molineux before today's game, in which they meet a club they have beaten just twice in 16 Premier League meetings.
Thanks to a 4-0 defeat of Crystal Palace last week, Newcastle United have now won four of their last five Premier League fixtures, keeping a clean sheet in the course of each victory. While that run has helped the Magpies into the top six, they suffered a setback in midweek when losing to Borussia Dortmund on home turf - their first Champions League defeat for over 20 years. A 1-0 reverse to the Bundesliga club also ended Newcastle's eight-game unbeaten run in all competitions and a five-game winning streak at St James' Park.
WOLVES (3-4-2-1): Jose Sa; Max Kilman, Craig Dawson, Tote Gomes; Nelson Semedo, Mario Lemina, Boubacar Traore, Rayan Ait Nouri; Pedro Neto, Hwang Hee-Chan; Matheus Cunha.
SUBS: Daniel Bentley, Jonny Castro Otto, Matt Doherty, Pablo Sarabia, Santiago Bueno, Fabio Silva, Tommy Doyle, Sasa Kalajdzic, Joao Gomes.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Nick Pope; Kieran Trippier, Jamaal Lascelles, Fabian Schar, Dan Burn; Sean Longstaff, Bruno Guimaraes, Joelinton; Miguel Almiron, Callum Wilson, Anthony Gordon.
SUBS: Martin Dubravka, Mark Gillespie, Paul Dummett, Emil Krafth, Matt Targett, Joe Willock, Matt Ritchie, Tino Livramento, Lewis Hall.
After serving suspensions last weekend, both Lemina and Semedo return to Wolves' starting XI today, as Gary O'Neil makes two changes to the side that beat Bournemouth; Doherty and Joao Gomes drop to the bench. Meanwhile, five-goal top scorer Hwang supports Cunha up front.
After Alexander Isak was withdrawn against former club Dortmund in midweek and is now sidelined by a groin problem, Wilson returns to lead Newcastle's front line today; Jacob Murphy also sustained an injury on Wednesday and misses out too. Harvey Barnes and Sven Botman are still unavailable, while Sandro Tonali has started a 10-month ban for illegal betting.
The players are out on the pitch, and kick-off is now just moments away!
Clad in green and white, Newcastle United kick off, and we are under way at Molineux!
Spotting a slight gap in Newcastle's defence Neto seizes a loose ball and drives to the right byline, beating both Burn and Schar with ease, but a heavy touch then sees the chance evaporate as quickly as it arose.
A typically teasing cross from the right by Trippier meets Gordon's header just inside the box, but the latter's header is skewed well off-target and is ultimately cleared away by the Wolves defence.
It's been a pleasingly open start to this game, and Wolves earn their first corner-kick on the left, following Burn's clearance.
Following a second successive corner from the left, the ball eventually breaks to Ait Nouri 20 yards out from goal, but he is off balance when sending his shot spiralling well over the crossbar.
CLOSE! With Dawson continuing to back off, Longstaff is invited forward and reaches the right side of the area, from where he zips a low shot across goal and sends Sa scrambling - it just misses the left-hand post!
Newcastle enjoy their first prolonged period of build-up play, following a frenetic end-to-end start. It's been typical Premier League fare so far.
Wolves counter: scuffing an attempt from outside the area, Traore sees his shot drift far wide of the left-hand post.
Lemina is brought down by Bruno Guimaraes in midfield, winning his team a free-kick. It is set to be quite a battle between the pair today - both boast a good engine.
Remarkably, six of Newcastle's eight previous Premier League away games against Wolves have ended in a 1-1 draw, and it would be fair to expect both teams to score again today, based on the early evidence.
Gordon does well to ride a challenge and then almost makes his way to the left byline, but Semedo covers across; then, Wolves snuff out the danger following Newcastle's short-corner routine.
This time Schar stops Neto's right-wing run in its tracks with a timely interception, but Newcastle then lose the ball and allow Cunha to test Pope with a mishit shot from 18 yards. It's a straightforward save for the goalkeeper.
While Newcastle have had 66 per cent possession over the opening 20 minutes, Wolves have attempted twice as many shots as their visitors. They are quite happy to sit tight and then strike on the counter.
NEWCASTLE LEAD! An error by Sa sees the ball spilled inside the Wolves area, then Wilson reacts first. Tote Gomes then makes a miraculous block, but the England striker quickly pounces to force home the rebound: it's 1-0 to Newcastle at Molineux!
Wilson had been averaging a goal every 66 minutes in the Premier League before today's game (five in 330 minutes), so that opener will further improve such a superb strike rate. He was in the right place at the right time!
Once again, Semedo and Neto combine down the right, but the latter's cross towards Hwang in the area is cut out by Schar's header.
After sensing a chance to dispossess his opponent in the penalty area, Semedo fells Burn and concedes a free-kick. The Newcastle defender just about got away with that - Wolves are faring well down their right flank.
SAVE! Driving forward down the left, Cunha gets as far as Newcastle's area then lets fly with a firmly hit cross-shot; Pope dives left to tip it behind for a corner, although it was perhaps going wide anyway.
Just outside the Wolves box, Longstaff receives the ball from Bruno Guimaraes and drives a powerful shot straight at goal. Dawson dives in and makes an important block at close range.
Newcastle are still having most of the ball, but Wolves don't particularly mind that. The home side have been caught out on the one occasion they've lapsed but deserve to be at least level in this game.
SHARP STOP! Semedo once more links up with Neto on the right, and the latter cuts onto his favoured left foot and then stings Pope's palms with a rasping drive! That'll be a corner for Wolves.
WOLVES BITE BACK! Meeting Neto's outswinging corner from the left, Lemina dives ahead of Trippier to reach the ball and plants his header into the net! The hosts draw level: it's 1-1!
Racking up his seventh Premier League assist of the season - more than any other player - Neto sends over a corner-kick that picks out Lemina for Wolves' equaliser.
Newcastle are now pushing forward in search of a second goal. They have had a lot of the ball, but Wolves are level on merit - they've counter-attacked well.
Set-piece specialist Trippier sends over a corner from the right, but somehow it evades everyone in a packed penalty area and skips away.
Again to the fore, deep in Wolves territory, Bruno Guimaraes opens up a slither of space by driving across the edge of the box, then the Brazil international's shot is blocked behind for a corner.
Having taken a loose touch just outside his own area, Dawson is relieved to earn a free-kick when Bruno Guimaraes bundles him over in the act of trying to steal possession.
PENALTY FOR NEWCASTLE! Successive corners from the left both fail to reap immediate rewards for Newcastle, but following the second, Schar topples over in the box after Hwang catches his heel! The referee doesn't hesitate - he points to the spot!
PENALTY STANDS! After a lengthy VAR review, featuring various different speeds and angles, the on-field decision is finally confirmed: Newcastle will have a spot-kick in first-half stoppage time!
WILSON DOUBLES UP! Just beating Sa from 12 yards, Wilson fires his penalty kick into the net via the goalkeeper's left hand! That puts Newcastle back in front just before the break, it's 2-1 to the Magpies!
Newcastle have now scored each and every one of their last 13 Premier League penalties, while Wilson has netted no less than 16 of his 17 spot-kicks in the top flight!
Joelinton rides three challenges in midfield before scuffing a low shot at goal from 20 yards, however Sa makes a straightforward save.
PENALTY FOR WOLVES? After Pope comes haring out of his box, Cunha lofts the ball over Bruno Guimaraes in the area, and it seems it may have brushed the Newcastle player's hand! The VAR will check!
NO PENALTY! Following a relatively brief review, the VAR decides no penalty should be awarded to Wolves: apparently the ball did not strike the hand of Bruno Guimaraes. It's a let-off for Newcastle!
HALF-TIME: WOLVES 1-2 NEWCASTLE UNITED
After a dramatic conclusion, the first half of this absorbing Premier League contest comes to an end with Newcastle United leading 2-1. While Wilson was sharp enough to capitalise on Sa's mistake to open the scoring, the visitors barely merited their advantage before Lemina equalised, and a late lapse then saw Wolves fall behind once again. Hwang conceded a penalty on the stroke of half-time, and Wilson stepped up to do what he does best. Newcastle then survived a late VAR check for a possible spot-kick - it's been all-action at Molineux!
Newcastle had a greater share of the ball during the first half (60 percent) but Wolves have posed just as much of a threat in the final third, so can the home team turn it around after the interval? The all-Portuguese link-up between Semedo and Neto on their right flank has proved particularly effective - perhaps that could be the route back into this game.
The hosts kick off, and we are back under way in Wolverhampton!
Neto's driving run towards the area is finally halted by the close attentions of Burn just outside the box, and Wolves are awarded a rather soft free-kick in a dangerous area.
Neto's free-kick from just over 20 yards out strikes the top of Newcastle's defensive wall, and then the Magpies streak away on the break. Semedo sweeps up to deny Wilson access to the Wolves area, at the cost of a throw-in.
After a first half in which they had far less of the ball, Wolves are dominating possession now, as they seek a second equaliser. Newcastle are quite capable on the counter-attack, so it won't concern them too much.
Pouncing on a loose header by Dawson, Almiron jinks wide and then delivers a ball across the six-yard box, but no Newcastle player anticipates it, and it zips away to safety from Wolves' point of view.
O'Neil decides to make a change in midfield, as Traore is withdrawn and Manchester City loanee Doyle sent on in his place.
After being played in by Neto on the right side of the area, Semedo opts to shoot from an angle instead of finding one of several team-mates gathered in the box. It's a tame effort, which Pope claims comfortably.
PENALTY FOR WOLVES? From a dangerous Doyle free-kick on the left, the ball appears to brush Wilson's arm in the box. The referee doesn't spot it, but the VAR is having a check!
NO PENALTY! It doesn't take long to establish that Wilson hasn't handled the ball. For a third time, Wolves are disappointed by the VAR's penalty call.
Ait Nouri picks up the ball on the left side of Newcastle's area after Neto swings it over from the right; however, his cross is then heavily deflected, allowing Pope to claim it unchallenged.
Having had a full week to prepare, Wolves are now showing that they have the fresher legs and minds in this game. They continue to push forward, as Newcastle perhaps tire a little after the exertions of Wednesday.
Gordon slips a perceptive pass through for Wilson down the left channel, but the latter delays too long and the chance eventually fizzles out. Newcastle have barely offered a threat since half-time, maybe Eddie Howe will turn to his absence-depleted subs bench?
Finally, the game's first booking arrives. It's a pointless one, as Burn sees yellow for sarcastically greeting the officials' decision to award Wolves a free-kick.
Sheer persistence helps Cunha bundle his way to the left byline, and then his cut-back loops up off a defender. Semedo attacks it near the penalty spot, but is penalised for clattering Burn.
Halting Hwang's sprint towards the ball deep inside Newacstle territory, Lascelles brings his opponent down and is shown a yellow card.
WOLVES PULL LEVEL! The hosts have the leveller they deserve: it's 2-2 at Molineux! Pope's weak punch falls to Tote Gomes, who sidesteps two players on the edge of the box before switching it to Hwang. The latter then cuts inside and dispatches it into the bottom-right corner!
Showing superb footwork for a central defender, Tote Gomes beats two players on the right and then sets up Hwang for Wolves' second equaliser of the game.
Howe reacts to seeing his side brought back to level terms: Almiron is replaced by Willock for the closing stages.
Molineux falls quiet as chief creator Neto pulls up suddenly after accelerating away from another defender. It looks like the injury-prone winger has damaged his hamstring, and he lies on the wet turf with his head in his hands.
Having gone clear as the Premier League's leading assist provider of the 2023-24 season today, it is a shame to see Neto withdrawn from the fray on a stretcher, as the Wolves fans warmly applaud him off the pitch.
Although Neto's injury is a major blow, O'Neil takes the opportunity to pose Newcastle a different threat now: Kalajdzic is sent on to add more aerial presence up front.
From the right side of the area, Trippier clips over a cross to the back post, where Schar attacks it - however, the Swiss defender can only glance the ball well wide.
Having mistimed a sliding challenge on Ait Nouri in midfield, Trippier joins two team-mates in the referee's notebook.
Ait Nouri becomes the first Wolves player to see yellow today, apparently for timewasting
With all the time in the world, Sa drops down to his haunches in order to keep out Burn's weak finish from the edge of the area.
Wolves' opening goalscorer Lemina departs after a good shift in midfield, to be replaced by Joao Gomes.
Finally, the pace of this relentless encounter has dropped - are both sides setlling for a point here? They've thrown everything at it, so going away empty-handed now would be a bitter blow.
Joao Gomes steals the ball from Bruno Guimaraes in midfield, then feeds Hwang on the right. The latter picks out Cunha's run, but Wolves ultimately have to settle for a corner-kick.
In the second of at least eight stoppage-time minutes - mostly added for Neto's injury - Longstaff sees a cross from the right blocked away, then Gordon does well to earn his side a corner.
Doyle hacks the ball away from inside his six-yard box, then Schar's powerful drive from the left is blocked behind. It's suddenly all Newcastle - can they snatch a late winner?
Wolves seem to have stemmed the green-and-white tide for now, and they manage to shuffle a few yards further up the pitch. It's been their second half in many respects, but that was a sustained spell of pressure they needed to withstand.
For dissent towards the referee following Joelinton's foul in midfield, Longstaff is booked.
Just as Ait Nouri seems set to latch onto Doyle's ball along the left flank, the flag is raised for offside against the Wolves wing-back. Perhaps that's the last chance of a winner for either side gone.
FULL-TIME: WOLVES 2-2 NEWCASTLE UNITED
After an archetypal Premier League clash, the points are shared at Molineux, where Wolves twice fought back to take a point against Newcastle United. With a first-half brace - the second coming from the penalty spot - Wilson took his tally to 19 top-flight goals in 2023, only Erling Haaland (24) has more; scorer of his team's second equaliser, Hwang became just the third Wolves player to both concede a penalty and score in the same Premier League match. Howe's men march on into November, when a packed schedule does not relent, as the Magpies next meet Manchester United in the EFL Cup, then Arsenal and Borussia Dortmund. Wolves, meanwhile, must contemplate next week's visit to Sheffield United without their chief creator Neto, who came off injured after laying on a seventh goal of the season. That's all from Wolverhampton today, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League fixture, as Brentford host West Ham United at the Gtech Community Stadium.
It's a second consecutive London derby in as many weekends for Brentford, who picked up a smash-and-grab 2-0 victory at Chelsea last time out. They will be hoping to play at their counter-attacking best once more to leapfrog West Ham in the table, with the visitors sitting just one point and one place above them after 10 games.
It’s a different story for the Hammers though, who have slipped to ninth following a three-game winless streak. After victories in three of their opening four games, David Moyes’ side have only won once in their six since, losing the last two to Aston Villa and Everton respectively.
BRENTFORD (4-3-3): Mark Flekken; Kristoffer Ajer, Nathan Collins, Ethan Pinnock, Vitaly Janelt; Frank Onyeka, Christian Norgaard, Mathias Jensen; Bryan Mbeumo, Neal Maupay, Yoane Wissa.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Thomas Strakosha, Zanka Jorgensen, Saman Ghoddos, Ben Mee, Mads Roerslev, Yehor Yarmolyuk, Michael Olakigbe, Ethan Brierley, Valintino Adeolokun.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Kontantinos Mavropanos, Nayef Aguerd, Emerson; Tomas Soucek, James Ward-Prowse; Jarrod Bowen, Mohammed Kudus, Said Benrahma; Michail Antonio.
WEST HAM SUBS: Lukasz Fabianski, Ben Johnson, Aaron Cresswell, Pablo Fornals, Maxwel Cornet, Danny Ings, Angelo Ogbonna, Thilo Kehrer, Divin Mubama.
Brentford make two changes following their 2-0 win over Chelsea, with Maupay, who played a vital part in Mbeumo’s points-sealing goal, and Onyeka coming into the XI. Aaron Hickey and Roerslev drop out, with Janelt and Ajer pushing out into the full-back positions, while Maupay spearheads the Bees’ three-pronged attack alongside Mbeumo and Wissa.
Despite three league games without a victory, West Ham did come out on top in their midweek Carabao Cup tie with Arsenal. Three changes are made from that 3-1 victory, with Ward-Prowse and Antonio in for the suspended Edson Alvarez and Lucas Paqueta, and Fabianski replaced between the sticks by Areola.
The teams are lined up on the pitch ahead of kick-off, and following the playing of the Last Post to mark the remembrance of the lives lost in conflicts across the world, we'll be underway.
KICK-OFF: Maupay gets the game up and running for Brentford, with the first kick of the match in west London!
CHANCE!! Flekken slips as he controls a Pinnock back-pass, almost gifting Antonio a glorious chance to score before he can hack the ball away!
Ward-Prowse's cross-field ball from a free-kick opens up room for Kudus down the right, but his drilled cross into the six-yard box is cleared into touch by Janelt.
Brentford have won all four Premier League games they've played against West Ham, scoring twice in each match and keeping three clean sheets.
Norgaard picks out Mbeumo with a lofted ball down the right-hand channel, but the Bees forward is clipped late by Emerson to win a free-kick right on the edge of West Ham's box.
Mbeumo goes for goal from the acute free-kick angle, but Areola sees it all the way and is easily able to make the save for West Ham!
Those four Brentford wins over West Ham are the only previous top-flight meetings between the two sides. In English top division history, only three sides have a better 100 per cent win rate against an opponent – Manchester City v Bournemouth (12, who also play today), Arsenal v Reading (six) and Nottingham Forest v Portsmouth (six).
Mbeumo darts down the right and takes on Aguerd looking for an opening, but the West Ham centre-back stands his ground, hardly giving the Cameroon forward an inch and ensuring the ball goes behind for a goal-kick, not a corner.
GOOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Maupay puts Brentford in front to finish off a crazy passage of play! Deliveries from both Janelt and Mbeumo are nodded away, but the Bees refuse to give up as Janelt dinks the ball back towards the far post. It's headed down and drops for Onyeka, whose half-volley goalwards is glanced into the back of the net by Maupay at close range! They were simply queuing up there, and Maupay is the man to head the ball home for 1-0!
Onyeka's attempted effort on goal had nowhere near enough on it to trouble Areola, but he put the ball in exactly the right place for Maupay to nod home and score his first goal since returning to Brentford!
Onyeka wins a free-kick for Brentford after Emerson prevents a quick counter-attack from really gathering steam, and the West Ham left-back is shown the first yellow card of this contest.
Coufal fires a long throw into Brentford's box which Mavropanos gets on the end of, but his header isn't powerful or accurate enough to really trouble Flekken.
Maupay has now scored four goals in six Premier League appearances against West Ham.
WIDE!!! Antonio and Kudus combine for the latter to tee up Bowen in the box, but his left-footed shot from a tight angle flashes across the face and goes wide!
GOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!! A quick-fire equaliser in sensational fashion!!! Antonio hangs up a cross from the left byline with Kudus the far-post target. With his back to goal and both feet off the ground, the Ghanaian jumps, twists and smashes an acrobatic bicycle kick into the bottom corner, locking the game up at 1-1! We're barely 20 minutes in and have already seen two goals, with that fantastic volley the pick of the pair so far!
Antonio's cross was accurate but far from the best for Kudus to strike, but boy did the former Ajax winger make the most of it!
West Ham win a free-kick which Ward-Prowse whips into the box at speed for Mavropanos to attack, but he collides with Flekken in mid-air to leave the Brentford goalkeeper down on the deck, and concedes a free-kick the other way!
Brentford are unbeaten in their last 13 Premier League London derby matches – there have only been four longer such runs in the competition’s history (three by Arsenal, one by Chelsea). Indeed, only Arsenal (1.83) and Chelsea (1.79) average more points-per-game in these matches than the Bees (1.65).
Collins is dispossessed by Antonio and Benrahma races away with possession, but he's quickly caught up with and fouled by Ajer, who picks up a yellow card for the challenge.
GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! West Ham have turned the game around here!!! Benrahma cuts inside and fires a cross towards the front post with Kudus arriving. Another volley from the Ghanaian is hit goalwards, but hits the post before Bowen is on hand to tap the rebound into the back of the net! They were 1-0 down after 11 minutes, but just 15 later, West Ham now lead 2-1!
THE GOAL STANDS!!! There's a VAR check after replays suggest a possible handball from Bowen in controlling that rebounding ball, but the England winger is eventually given the all-clear and West Ham's lead is confirmed!
That's Bowen's seventh goal of the season for West Ham, and the sixth in a row in which he's either scored or assisted (six goals, one assist).
Mavropanos cuts out a throughball from Maupay, but a poor clearance gifts Jensen possession down the left. He races onto it and crosses from the byline, but can only put his attempted cut-back into the side netting!
Mbeumo looks to cut inside off the right and shoot goalwards, but good pressure from Emerson forces him off balance, and Areola can watch the eventual effort sway wide of the mark.
A flick forward from Bowen give Benrahma plenty of open space to run into on the counter, but Onyeka gets across to dispossess the former Brentford winger and pass the ball back to Flekken.
West Ham have now scored 10 first-half goals in their 11 games so far, with only Newcastle United (12) and Liverpool (11) scoring more often in this season's Premier League.
A Brentford free-kick towards the far post is headed away unconvincingly by Mavropanos, who gets in the way to make the block as Wissa tries an acrobatic bicycle kick of his own!
WIDE!!! Norgaard arrives at the front post to meet Jensen's delivery from the corner, but he can't turn his glancing header goalwards as the ball flashes wide!
West Ham pile numbers forward as Benrahma drifts into the middle with the ball at his feet. He spreads play wide to Kudus and Coufal, but the latter's low cross is deflected away to deny the Algerian a shot on goal!
WIDE!!! How have they messed that one up? Aguerd's long pass forward is taken brilliantly on the chest by Kudus, who sets up Bowen to cross into the six-yard box. He rolls the ball right across the face of goal with Benrahma and Antonio arriving at the back post, but the pair get in each other's way to put it wide of the target!! That looked like 3-1 for all money, but Brentford survive with a massive let-off!
Mbeumo cuts inside off Jensen's pass and looks to cross, but a deflection off Emerson sends the ball looping up and over the top to concede a corner.
Just the SEVEN added first-half minutes to be played at the Gtech Community Stadium, and given what we've seen so far, there could be plenty more set to happen before the teams can head back to the tunnel!
Kudus gets to the byline again and whips a cross towards the front post, but Collins gets across brilliantly to glance the ball away and deny Antonio a sight of goal.
WIDE!!! Mbeumo is fouled by Emerson to win another Brentford free-kick in a dangerous position, and after playing a one-two with Janelt from the free-kick, the forward fizzes a curling shot towards goal which beats Areola before whistling just inches wide of the far post!
WIDE!!! Onyeka carries the ball forward and finds Mbeumo to his right, who cuts inside to shoot and again sends it just wide of Areola's right-hand upright!
Onyeka and Norgaard combine in the box following a low cross from Mbeumo, but neither can get a shot away as Aguerd puts the ball behind for another Brentford corner.
WIDE!!! Mbeumo goes the closest yet to a Brentford equaliser!! Jensen's scooped pass puts Janelt in behind the West Ham defence, and he cuts the ball back into the middle. Mbeumo's the recipient, but in by far the easiest of his three most recent attempts, the Cameroonian forward can only fire his first-time effort wide of the same post!!! Had both sides been a touch more clinical, this game could well be at least 3-3 so far!
HALF-TIME: BRENTFORD 1-2 WEST HAM.
A fast-paced, end-to-end first half ends with West Ham coming back from 1-0 down to lead 2-1 at the break! Early Brentford pressure told after just 11 minutes, with Maupay on hand to turn home the last of a series of chances for the Bees. West Ham wouldn't be behind for long though, with Kudus scoring a sensational acrobatic equaliser just eight minutes later! Within another seven, the Hammers had the lead, after another volley from Kudus hit the post and was tapped in by Bowen. The latter almost registered an assist that would've put West Ham 3-1 up, but a mix-up between Benrahma and Antonio saw the ball put wide! With half-time on the horizon, Mbeumo struck three guilt-edge chances wide of the same post, meaning Brentford come into the break just a goal down despite both sides having copious chances to add to the three we've seen so far!
Bullseye-like Bowen is the first player in Premier League history to score in each of his side's first six away games in a single campaign, while he's also the first West Ham player to score in six in a row on the road overall in the competition. We've seen both sides spurn chances to add to their respectively tally, and if the second half continues in the same manner, who knows how the scoreline will read come full-time!
Flekken's first-half collision with Mavropanos saw the Brentford goalkeeper come off second best, and he's replaced in net by Strakosha in a precautionary half-time substitution.
KICK-OFF: Bowen kick-started West-Ham's revival with that 19th-minute equaliser, and he kicks off to get the second half underway here!
West Ham have won three, drawn and lost one each of the five Premier League games they've led at half-time so far this season. Can Brentford build on their late first-half chances to hit back early in the second?
Mbeumo cuts inside off the right once again and the West Ham defence knows what's coming. His early shot is blocked by Emerson and falls for Norgaard, but the Bees captain's first-time effort skews up and over the top!
Benrahma and Bowen link up down the left-hand side and the latter crosses low into the six-yard box, but it's far too close to Strakosha and the Brentford substitute collects with his first touch.
Antonio's deflected cross is brought out of defence by Mbeumo, who comes down the touchline looking to spark a counter-attack. He's clipped late by a rash Soucek challenge though, and West Ham's Czech midfielder picks up the first yellow card of the second half.
In almost the exact same part of the pitch, a foul by Ajer on Benrahma doesn't yield the second yellow card Moyes is looking for. He has a few words for the officials, and is swiftly met by a yellow card of his own!
GOOOAAALLL!!! Brentford DO get their stroke of luck to net the equaliser!! A Bees corner is played short between Janelt and Mbeumo before the latter fires an in-swinging cross towards the centre, and although Collins attacks it, the final touch is off Mavropanos as the ball beats Areola to fly into the far corner! A touch of fortune for the Bees, but they won't care as they lock the scoreline up at 2-2!
Mbeumo managed three shots and five crosses in the first half alone, and one of his first attempted crosses in the second yields the equaliser Brentford have been looking for!
A late Jensen challenge on Coufal gives West-Ham a free-kick, but the ball is delivered straight into the gloves of Flekken.
Mbeumo sets Onyeka up to drill a low cross into the six-yard box, but the offside flag is raised to deny Brentford the chance of putting themselves back in front.
Kudus cuts onto that left foot and tries his luck from 30 yards, but his speculative effort is always rising and sails well over the top.
Maupay is dragged back by Mavropanos as he looks to turn the defender on halfway, and it's a textbook yellow card for the own-goalscorer.
West Ham make their first changes of the game, with Fornals introduced on the left in place of Benrahma for the Hammers.
Antonio also comes off for West Ham, with Ings entering the fray in place of the Jamaican international to lead the forward line.
Following a West Ham corner, Brentford set off on the break as Wissa brings the ball forward. He's got numbers to aim at and looks for Norgaard to his left, but Mavropanos gets a crucial touch to scythe it away for a throw-in!
From the long throw, both Maupay and Janelt see attempted volleys blocked in West Ham's box as Brentford attempt to really crank up the pressure here!
GOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Brentford are back in front with a bullet header from Collins!! The Bees continue to build pressure, and after being denied two corners by last-ditch Hammers defending, Jensen launches a long throw into the box. It's headed away and comes back to the Dane, whose inch-perfect cross to Collins at the far post is sent right into the top corner by the centre-back! A fantastic move from start to finish from the hosts, who have gone ahead, gone behind, and come back again to lead 3-2 here!
Jensen's cross towards Collins was just asking to be met with force by the Irishman, and he did just that to leave Areola rooted to the spot!
West Ham have lost more Premier League London derby matches than any other side (119), with the Hammers losing eight of their last nine such matches away from home.
Wissa and Mbeumo combine in the West Ham box, but neither can find space to get a shot away and the ball eventually goes behind for a goal-kick!
West Ham have now conceded six goals in the first 15 minutes of their second halves this season, second only to Aston Villa and Wolves (both seven) in the 2023-24 Premier League.
We're into the last quarter of an hour, and despite Brentford being 3-2 up, this game is still on an absolute knife-edge. West Ham already hit back in superb fashion in the first half, and they'll need to do similar in the next few minutes here to salvage at least a point!
A one-two between Fornals and Kudus on the edge of the box allows the latter to clip an aerial ball to the far post, but Bowen can't make anything of the cross and heads behind!
Roerslev will also come on late having played the full 90 last time out, and replaces the booked Ajer in the Bees' right-back position.
A loose touch in his own defensive third from Onyeka allows Ward-Prowse to come away with possession, but his effort from the edge of the box is blocked away by Collins.
Jensen comes off having run the midfield for large passages of this game, and Yarmolyuk, who saw a late chance saved against Chelsea, will replace the Brentford stalwart to see out proceedings here.
WIDE!!! Kudus comes short to receive a Coufal pass and lays the ball off to Fornals, whose first-time effort from the edge of the area rolls just inches to the wrong side of the post!
Forward come the Bees on another counter-attack, with plenty of numbers in support of the carrying Mbeumo. His final ball is a poor one though, and the cut-back is intercepted and cleared by West Ham who set off on a break of their own!
Mbeumo has been involved in 11 goals in his last nine Premier League London derbies, scoring eight and assisting three. Since the start of last season only Bukayo Saka (13) has had a hand in more such goals than Mbeumo (11).
A long throw from Coufal is launched into the box, but the first touch is Brentford's, who subsequently clear. Janelt releases Mbeumo down the left as the Bees counter, but his cross is cut out by Aguerd and West Ham survive once more!
CHANCE!!! Emerson's threatening cross into the middle almost drops for Kudus at close-range, but Norgaard gets there first to hoof the ball clear!
WIDE!!! The front three combine to go within inches of wrapping up the points! Another counter-attack sees Mbeumo bring the ball forward, before linking up with Wissa. He sets Maupay up in the box to finish, but the Frenchman's first-time shot is drilled just wide of the post!
Wissa comes off late having played a crucial part in almost every Brentford attack so far, and Ghoddos will see the game out for the Bees in the final third.
Onyeka picks up the ball in space to shoot from 25 yards, but there's not enough on the well-struck low effort to force Areola into a difficult save.
Four added minutes to play at the Gtech Community Stadium, and can Brentford hang on to the lead they've worked so hard to wrestle back into their favour?
It's batten-down-the-hatches time for the Brentford defence, which is reinforced further by the introduction of Mee in place of Janelt.
West Ham win a late corner which is whipped into the area by Ward-Prowse, but after the initial delivery is headed away, Emerson follows up with a half-volley which is sent miles over the bar!
CHANCE!! Maupay and Mbeumo combine in the box to almost open up shooting space from close range, but Aguerd steps in and sends the ball back for Areola to clear!
A long throw into Brentford's box comes to nothing, and Ings' protests for a West Ham corner earn the striker a late yellow card!
FULL-TIME: BRENTFORD 3-2 WEST HAM.
A sensational London derby comes to a close, with a second-half turnaround earning Brentford all three points! Trailing 2-1 at the break following a series of spurned opportunities, the Bees took just 10 minutes to restore parity in the second thanks to an own goal from West Ham defender Mavropanos. 14 minutes later, they were ahead, as defender Collins rose at the back post to power in an absolute bullet of a header. The final 20 minutes were tetchy to say the least, with West Ham going close to equalising through Fornals and Kudus. Brentford had chances to open up a two-goal lead at the other end, but couldn't add to their tally and held out to seal a 3-2 victory! Three hard-earned points for the third game in a row send Brentford above West Ham to ninth in the table, with the Hammers dropping to 11th after a third defeat on the spin.
Hello everyone and welcome to live text coverage of the Premier League clash between Burnley and Crystal Palace at Turf Moor.
Vincent Kompany's Burnley have endured a difficult start on their return to the Premier League. Currently occupying 19th place, the Clarets have lost each of their five home matches this term and are on a four-game losing streak across all competitions. However, victory here could lift them out of the relegation zone.
As for 13th-placed Palace, they could move into the top half with a win here. Roy Hodgson's side endured a winless October, picking up just one point from their three matches and suffering back-to-back defeats. But they have collected seven points from their last four top-flight visits to Turf Moor.
BURNLEY (4-3-3): James Trafford; Vitinho, Jordan Beyer, Dara O'Shea, Charlie Taylor; Johann Gudmundsson, Sander Berge, Josh Brownhill; Luca Koleosho, Mohamed Zeki Amdouni, Jay Rodriguez.
SUBS: Arijanet Muric, Connor Roberts, Hannes Delcroix, Han-Noah Massengo, Nathan Redmond, Jacob Bruun Larsen, Wilson Odobert, Mike Tresor, Anass Zaroury.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-2-3-1): Sam Johnstone; Joel Ward, Joachim Andersen, Marc Guehi, Tyrick Mitchell; Cheick Oumar Doucoure, Jefferson Lerma; Jordan Ayew, Will Hughes, Jeffrey Schlupp; Odsonne Edouard.
SUBS: Remi Matthews, Nathaniel Clyne, Rob Holding, Chris Richards, Naouirou Ahamada, Eberechi Eze, Jairo Riedewald, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Matheus Franca.
Kompany makes three changes from last weekend's defeat at Bournemouth. Beyer has shaken off a knee problem to start in defence, while Brownhill and Rodriguez also come into the XI. Josh Cullen serves a one-match suspension, while Lyle Foster misses out again through illness. Roberts returns from a ban on the bench.
As for Palace, Hodgson names an unchanged starting XI from last weekend's loss to Tottenham. Johnstone and Ayew start after signing new contracts earlier this week, while Mitchell has shaken off a knock to keep his place at left-back. Eze returns on the bench after a hamstring injury, but the game is too soon for Michael Olise.
The teams are making their way out onto the field and kick-off is fast approaching at Turf Moor.
Referee Peter Bankes blows his whistle and the match is under way!
Just wide! Burnley make a purposeful start and Gudmundsson's cross is met by Amdouni, who directs his header narrowly wide of the left post.
Palace are living dangerously early on as they try to play out from a goal-kick. However, Burnley are quick to press their opponents and it takes an important Andersen intervention to prevent the hosts from scoring.
Burnley are aiming to avoid becoming the first side in English top-flight history to lose each of their opening six home games in a season. But the Clarets certainly mean business so far.
The hosts have enjoyed over 60 per cent of possession so far and threaten down the left with Koleosho looking for a team-mate in the box. However, Doucoure anticipates the danger well and intercepts the ball.
Palace arrived at Turf Moor of the back of two straight defeats; as many as in their previous 11 Premier League matches. The Eagles will be desperately seeking a response today.
Burnley threaten again as Gudmundsson sends a deep cross towards the far post. Amdouni looks to latch onto the ball, but Ward tracks the flight well to nod behind for a corner.
The hosts send a long ball over the top of the Palace defence. But there is just too much pace as it evades Koleosho down the left flank.
Chasing down Trafford, Edouard catches the Burnley goalkeeper with a late sliding challenge and can have no complaints as he receives the first yellow card of the game.
VAR did have an additional look at Edouard's challenge on Trafford. However, they eventually decide it was worthy of just a yellow card and nothing more. The Palace striker can count himself fortunate.
Burnley have conceded the most first-half goals in Premier League games this season with 11. However, Palace have scored the fewest in the opening 45 minutes of matches with just one.
SCHLUPP!!! 1-0 PALACE! It's a horrible moment for Beyer! The Burnley defender appears to be in control as he looks to tidy up a long ball down the right flank. But he is outmuscled by Ayew, who then drives into the penalty area before squaring the ball across the six-yard box for the onrushing Schlupp to apply the finishing touch.
Ayew did brilliantly to get the better of Beyer and then showed great awareness to pick out Schlupp, who demonstrated wonderful anticipation and desire to connect with the cross.
Against the run of play, Palace take the lead at Turf Moor. Burnley had been on top for most of the opening 22 minutes but, in the blink of an eye, they find themselves trailing.
Burnley try to respond and Vitinho sends an inviting ball into the box. But none of his team-mates are on his wavelength and it drifts aimlessly behind for a goal-kick.
Of course, there is a long way to go in this contest. But as things stand, Kompany would become the second manager after Mick McCarthy to lose each of his first six away Premier League games.
JUST WIDE! Burnley threaten with Koleosho leading the charge. Although Palace deal with the initial threat, the hosts continue to push. Taylor whips in a cross that is met by Gudmundsson, but his header goes just the wrong side of the right post.
Those were positive signs for Burnley to build on. They made a strong start to the game, only for a defensive mistake to result in them falling behind. But there is still plenty of time for them to turn things around.
Palace look to build down the left flank as they seek a second goal. But their momentum stalls when Schlupp is penalised for bundling Vitinho over.
There are 10 minutes of the first half remaining at Turf Moor. Palace still lead by a goal to nil, but Burnley have responded well to conceding. Can they respond before the break?
Koleosho looks to make things happen again down the left flank. He tries to send the ball into the box, but Ward is well-placed to deflect it behind for a corner.
WHAT A TACKLE! Taylor picks out Koleosho with a lovely lofted ball to the left wing. The latter takes it in his stride and advances into the penalty area, but Andersen produces a perfectly timed sliding challenge to deny him a shot on goal.
Burnley continue to ask questions as Brownhill sends a ball in from the left flank. The ball comes back to the midfielder, but he is ruled offside.
Gudmundsson whips a free-kick into the box from the right. Amdouni meets the delivery, but his header is lacking the required pace and direction and drifts behind for a goal-kick.
Palace go in search of the second goal with Ayew and Schlupp sending balls into the box, but Burnley survive as the fourth official indicates there will be an additional two minutes at the end of this first half.
Good try! Burnley look to equalise before the break and take a quick free-kick on the edge of the penalty area. Koleosho lets fly and Johnstone is forced to push his effort to safety.
Guehi goes into the book for dissent after taking his protests with the referee too far. The England defender was far from happy with the official, but needs to calm down.
Ayew also goes into the book for Palace. Like Guehi, he appeared to be questioning the referee's decision to allow Burnley to take the quick free-kick just now.
HALF-TIME: BURNLEY 0-1 CRYSTAL PALACE
Palace are in front at the halfway mark at Turf Moor. Burnley dominated the opening 20 minutes, but were caught out soon after as a defensive lapse culminated in Ayew squaring the ball for Schlupp to apply the finishing touch at the far post. The hosts have responded well, but trail at the break.
Despite their positive display, Kompany will be urging his Burnley players to demonstrate a stronger clinical edge. Despite registering eight shots, just one was on target during the opening 45 minutes. They must address that upon the resumption of this contest.
The referee blows his whistle and Palace get the ball rolling again in the second half.
Palace are without a win in each of their last five league meetings with Burnley. But as things stand, the Eagles are on course to end that streak today.
Burnley look to launch an early threat in the second half as Rodriguez flicks on a long ball towards Koleosho, but Andersen gets across well to make a neatly timed sliding intervention.
Palace continue to maintain their defensive discipline. Gudmundsson looks to switch the play towards Koleosho, but Ward is alert and intercepts for the visitors.
A patient build-up from Burnley culminates in O'Shea crossing from the right flank. Rodriguez meets it on the turn, but cannot direct his header towards the target.
As things stand, Palace will climb into the top half of the Premier League table with victory here. But they must maintain their concentration levels and discipline throughout the remainder of this contest.
Palace make their first change as Eze returns to action after missing the Eagles' last three matches. He replaces Doucoure, who gained possession three times for the visitors - a tally only bettered by Ayew and Andersen.
CHANCE! Burnley threaten with Koleosho leading their charge from the left once more. He cuts the ball back for Gudmundsson, who looks to help it towards goal, but it drifts just wide of the right post.
There is a concern for the hosts with Berge moving a little gingerly. The midfielder and his team-mates will be hoping he can shake it off.
OFFSIDE, NO GOAL! Burnley have the ball in the net as Koleosho cuts inside and lets fly. His tame effort is latched onto by Rodriguez, who clinically sweeps the ball into the roof of the net. However, his joy is cut short by the offside flag and it was definitely the right call by the linesman.
Burnley have scored just eight goals in the Premier League this season, with only bottom side Sheffield United netting fewer times (seven). The Clarets must address that if they are going to take anything from this game.
We are into the final quarter of the game at Turf Moor. Palace are still leading by a goal to nil and looking fairly comfortable at the moment.
Schlupp, whose goal separates the two sides, is given a breather by Hodgson after he was involved in a joint-high nine duels for the visitors today. He is replaced by Ahamada.
Ward, who made a game-high four tackles today, also makes way with Clyne coming on in his place.
It will be interesting to see whether Burnley follow suit and turn to the bench. The hosts are looking for inspiration in their quest to turn this deficit around.
Palace are looking comfortable as we approach the final quarter of an hour at Turf Moor. The visitors are neatly knocking the ball around and maintaining possession.
Gudmundsson whips a long ball forward that Amdouni and Rodriguez help towards Keleosho on the left. The winger tries his luck from a tight angle, but his effort is always rising.
Burnley make a double-substitution. The first sees Amdouni, who had two shots on goal, replaced by Redmond.
The lively Koleosho, who had a game-high four shots on goal and was involved in 13 duels, is given a breather by the hosts. Odobert takes his place.
Worth a go! After Burnley attack down the left flank, Brownhill has time and space to let fly from 25 yards. His fierce effort is on target and Johnstone is forced to turn it over.
GOOD SAVE! Rodriguez loses his marker to meet Gudmunsson's corner at the near post. He heads the ball towards well, but Johnstone produces a smart reflex save to keep it out.
The hosts continue to threaten and Odobert embarks on a strong run down the left before drilling the ball towards goal. It is threatening to sneak in at the far post and Johnstone is forced to push it away.
There is a concern for Palace as Edouard stays down and is in need of attention. The visitors will hope he is fine to continue, but will surely ready a substitute for if not.
Edouard, who has been involved in a game-high eight aerial duels, is unable to continue and is replaced by Richards in a defensive change by Palace.
After successfully completing a game-high 80 passes for Burnley, Beyer makes way for the final few minutes. Tresor comes on in his place.
CHANCE! Burnley seek the equaliser and O'Shea meets a cross into the box from the right wing. His downward header is creeping into the bottom corner, but Johnstone gets down well to keep it out.
Lerma brings down Brownhill as we approach stoppage time at Turf Moor. The Palace midfielder goes into the book.
We are into the first of five additional minutes of stoppage time at the end of this game. Can Palace hold on or can Burnley snatch a dramatic equaliser?
Gudmunds­son has enjoyed a productive day, completing a game-high 94.1 per cent of his passes for Burnley. He is replaced by Bruun Larsen.
Andersen has his name taken by the referee. Burnley have a free-kick and time is rapidly running out for the hosts.
MITCHELL!!! 2-0 PALACE! GAME OVER! The visitors secure all three points in the dying moments. Burnley try to clear the ball down the other end of the field, but get it all wrong. The ball ends up with Eze on the edge of the box. The substitute then produces a perfectly timed lay-off for the onrushing Mitchell, who slots past Trafford to make it 2-0.
Eze showed great composure on the edge of the box as he waited before laying the ball off for Mitchell to put the game beyond Burnley.
FULL-TIME: BURNLEY 0-2 CRYSTAL PALACE
Crystal Palace move into the top half of the Premier League table after a 2-0 victory at Burnley. Although on the back foot for most of the first 22 minutes, the Eagles took the lead against the run of play through Jeffrey Schlupp. Roy Hodgson's side then wrapped up the points in stoppage time when Eberechi Eze set up Tyrick Mitchell to put the game beyond the hosts. Burnley become the first side in English top-flight history to lose each of their opening six home games in a season. The Clarets will desperately seek a response away at Arsenal next Saturday, with Palace hosting Everton on the same day. That's all for today. Thank you for joining us. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Everton and Brighton!
Everton are looking to continue their momentum after picking up three league wins in their last five games (L2). The Toffees defeated West Ham at the London Stadium last time out in the Premier League, before producing a comfortable 3-0 win at home to Burnley in the EFL Cup. Sean Dyche’s men are back at Goodison Park once again as they look to replicate a similar display against Brighton to the one we saw at the Amex Stadium last season, where the Toffees ran out 5-1 winners. Everton’s potential new owners, 777 Partners, have been spotted in the stands in recent weeks, and they’ll be hoping for another positive result today if they attend on Merseyside.
Brighton are going through a tricky spell in England’s top flight and have failed to win in their last four games (D2 L2). In their previous two away fixtures, the Seagulls have conceded eight goals, but they will be hoping to turn their form around today against an Everton side who have struggled this campaign for the most part. The distraction of playing in the Europa League has possibly hampered Roberto De Zerbi’s side's performances over the last few weeks, but it’s a good chance for them to put it right today.
EVERTON (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Vitalii Mykolenko, Jarrad Branthwaite, James Tarkowski, Ashley Young; Dwight McNeil, Idrissa Gueye, James Garner, Jack Harrison; Abdoulaye Doucoure; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
EVERTON SUBS: Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, Arnaut Danjuma, Joao Virginia, Beto, Ben Godfrey, Youssef Chermiti, Andy Lonergan, Lewis Dobbin.
BRIGHTON (3-4-2-1): Bart Verbruggen; Jan Paul van Hecke, Lewis Dunk, Joel Veltman; Kaoru Mitoma, Billy Gilmour, James Milner, Simon Adingra; Adam Lallana, Pascal Gross; Evan Ferguson.
BRIGHTON SUBS: Tariq Lamptey, Igor Julio, Adam Webster, Mahmoud Dahoud, Joao Pedro, Carlos Baleba, Jason Steele, Ansu Fati,  Facundo Buonanotte.
Dyche has made two changes from the side who defeated Burnley in the week. Amadou Onana misses out through injury, which is a huge loss for the Toffees after an impressive start to the season. Gueye is given a chance in the midfield to replace him, whilst Young also comes back into the team to replace Patterson after missing the game against West Ham through suspension.
De Zerbi has rolled the dice at Goodison Park, making five alterations from the side who drew at home to Fulham last time out. There’s a change between the sticks, with Verbruggen coming in for Steele. Brighton have also switched it up in defence, with Igor and Webster dropping out for van Hecke and Veltman. Dahoud and Baleba also find themselves on the bench, making way for Gilmour and Milner.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off. Before the game gets under way, there will be a period of silence for Remembrance Day.
Ferguson gets the game under way for Brighton at Goodison Park!
Brighton are sticking with their style of play which has brought them so much success under De Zerbi early stages, staying patient and keeping hold of the ball. The Toffees are happy to sit back and wait for an opening, being compact and organised.
A chance for Everton! Calvert-Lewin wins a flick-on after a long punt up the pitch by Pickford. It finds McNeil who works the ball onto his left and delivers into the penalty area. Brighton struggle to clear, and it falls to Doucoure who hits it on the volley, but it's straight at Verbruggen who palms it clear. Early danger for the Seagulls!
GOOOAAAALLLLL!!!! 1-0 EVERTON!!!! The Toffees have started superbly. Calvert-Lewin and McNeil link up once again on the left-hand side, with the latter sending another cross into the box. Mykolenko burst into the penalty area from defence and gets on the end of it, before forcing a save from Verbruggen. The ball falls straight back into his path, and he fires it into the back of the net for his first goal of the season!
The Seagulls have reacted well to going a goal behind and are looking dangerous in the final third. Brighton attack at pace and the ball falls to Adingra on the edge of the box, but he drags his shot wide. Everton need to tighten up and stay composed to keep hold of their lead.
Brighton have enjoyed 89.8 per cent of the possession so far, but are struggling to break Everton down. The style of play is playing into Dyche's hands, with the former Burnley manager happy to have his side wait patiently without the ball and pounce when necessary.
Branthwaite gives away a foul on Adingra deep inside the Everton half and the Goodison Park faithful aren't happy. Brighton will have a chance to fill the box from a free-kick, with Gross standing over it.
GOOOAAAALLL!!! 1-1 BRIGHTON!! What a finish! Dunk peels off at the back post and volleys a superb strike into the back of the net. The delivery from Gross was inch-perfect. But hold on, VAR are checking it...
GOAL DISALLOWED!!! Dunk deserved to get himself on the scoresheet after volleying past Pickford, but he crept beyond the defensive line. After a short delay, the goal doesn't stand! The Brighton defender is denied his first goal of the season.
The Toffees are looking to hit Brighton on the counter at every opportunity. Doucoure breaks through the midfield and feeds Harrison on the right-hand side. His cross is delivered into the box and Calvert-Lewin attacks it from deep, but he's adjudged to have fouled his opponent.
Gilmour attempted to bring down Doucoure as Everton countered, but the referee played advantage. After play had stopped, the official hadn't forgotten the foul from the Brighton man and awarded a yellow.
Calvert-Lewin bursts through the middle and has a chance to drive into the penalty area. The Everton forward knocks the ball past Dunk and the Brighton defender brings him down. Doucoure is through on goal... but the referee doesn't play advantage! It's now a free-kick to the Toffees on the edge of the box.
Dunk goes into the book for his foul on Calvert-Lewin just a few yards outside the box.
Garner is standing over the free-kick... but he sends it over the bar and into the stands behind the goal. Brighton are enjoying more of the ball and working it well, but Everton are looking dangerous on the counter. De Zerbi's side have to become more compact in defence.
Mitoma receives the ball out wide and looks to take on Young. The Japanese winger darts past the Everton full-back and looks to beat Pickford to it after the goalkeeper rushes out of his goal. Mitoma gets a toe to the ball, but the Toffees keeper is able to gather it.
Everton look to break once again after Brighton enjoy another spell of possession. Calvert-Lewin leads the attack, driving through the centre of the pitch. He has Doucoure to his left, but chooses to go alone. The English striker shifts the ball onto his weaker foot, but he can only drag his shot wide of the post.
Dyche's side have managed just three touches inside the opposition box so far this game, but the Everton boss won't mind when he looks at the scoreboard. Two of those touches have come from Mykolenko, with his first shot saved by Verbruggen and his second flying into the back of the net.
It's a dangerous scoreline for Everton, with Brighton proving to be a threat in the final third. The Seagulls are struggling to create any clear-cut chances, but De Zerbi's side are working the ball well and causing the Toffees some problems.
Milner works the ball out wide to Mitoma and the Brighton winger once again looks to cause problems with his dribbling. However, Harrison is there to snuff out the danger. The Japanese international isn't having a lot of joy out wide as it stands, with Everton dealing with him well.
Everton earn themselves a breather as Mitoma fouls Harrison just inside the Everton half. It's a chance for the Toffees to fill the box and go direct. Pickford launches it towards Tarkowski, but it's a weak header from the defender and it goes behind for a goal-kick.
Despite Brighton enjoying more of the possession, Everton are the side who are creating the better chances. The Toffees have registered six shots so far this game, with Brighton only managing three. Dyche will be desperate for his team to grab a second as the first half reaches the final few minutes.
Gueye goes into the book after Everton had appealed for a penalty for a foul on McNeil. The referee wasn't happy with Gueye's reaction to the incident.
There will be four minutes of added time at the end of the first half.
The Toffees are happy to let Brighton continue to try and break them down in the final few minutes of the half. De Zerbi's side are struggling to find an opening, with Dyche's side remaining resolute. The Seagulls manager won't be happy with his team's performance in the opening 45 minutes.
HALF-TIME: EVERTON 1-0 BRIGHTON
Everton go into the break with a 1-0 lead over Brighton after opening the scoring early on. The Toffees found the back of the net through an unlikely scorer, with Mykolenko grabbing his first goal of the season, pouncing inside the box to force a save out of the keeper before slamming home the rebound. Shortly after, the Seagulls thought they’d equalised. Gross delivered a free-kick towards the far post and Dunk struck an unstoppable volley beyond Pickford. However, after a VAR check, the referee ruled the goal out for offside.
The Seagulls are struggling to turn their 83.2 per cent possession into chances. Brighton have created just 0.18 expected goals (xG) in the first half, testing Pickford with only one shot on target. Dyche has set his side up to stay compact and try and hit the opposition in transition, and it's working well so far. Everton have managed double the amount of shots that De Zerbi's side have, but it's going to be a tough second 45 minutes as Brighton search for an equaliser.
Everton get the second half under way!
De Zerbi makes a change at the break, and it's no surprise after a disappointing opening 45 minutes. Lallana is the one to make way, with Joao Pedro entering the fray.
The Seagulls have made a bright start to the second half as Mitoma bursts down the left before winning a corner. The Joao Pedro substitution could allow Brighton to be a little more creative in the final third, whilst also adding plenty of pace to their attack.
Gueye and Dunk have both made fouls in the opening stages of the second half. Their respective managers might be having words or considering a change, with both players already on a yellow. It was an aggressive affair in the first half and it appears to be no different after the break.
The Everton players aren't happy! Gilmour is played the ball between the lines and drives towards the penalty area. Tarkowski comes out of defence to make a tackle and appears to win the ball, but he also goes through the Brighton man and the referee awards a free-kick.
Doucoure is the latest player to go into the referee's book.
What a save! Dunk stands over the resulting free-kick and sends his shot towards the top corner. Pickford flies across his line and tips the ball over the bar. So close for Brighton, but the English goalkeeper was equal to it. Superb stop!
Everton have struggled to show any attacking intent since the second half got under way. Dyche's side are yet to touch the ball inside the opposition box. The Toffees were bound to sit back and continue to absorb the pressure, but the supporters at Goodison Park are desperate for a second goal!
The Toffees are defending well and Brighton are yet to find a breakthrough. Harrison's work rate to nullify the threat of Mitoma has been superb, as the Everton winger earns his side a free-kick and a few minutes of respite.
Garner gives away a foul inside the Everton half after a rough challenge on Mitoma. Replays show that the midfielder wins the ball, but the referee has clearly felt that it was a little too aggressive for his liking. Brighton have a chance to fill the box from a free-kick, but it comes to nothing.
Brighton are beginning to turn the screw and the Toffees' defensive structure is being tested. De Zerbi's side have only managed the one shot on target in the second half, through Dunk's free-kick, but it's going to be a long end to the game if Dyche's men continue to allow the Seagulls to get the ball into advanced areas.
Mitoma manages to get into a one-on-one situation with Young and darts past the Everton defender. He pulls the ball back towards the edge of the area where Gross is in space, but he gets his shot all wrong and it flies over the bar. It's a bit of a let-off for the Toffees, who can't allow Mitoma that much space out wide.
Ferguson has endured a difficult afternoon in attack for Brighton, and De Zerbi opts to make a change, with Fati entering the fray.
Gilmour was looking to start plenty of attacks from deep, making 16 passes into the final third. However, the Brighton manager feels it's time for a change, with Dahoud coming on in his place.
It's a chance for Joao Pedro as Brighton break the Everton press and Gross finds himself in space as he bursts towards the penalty area. He lays the ball to Joao Pedro inside the box, who swivels and shoots, but Tarkowski flings himself in front of it and makes the block. De Zerbi's side are beginning to exploit some gaps and are upping the tempo in the final third.
Everton's counter-attacking strategy isn't working as well as in the first half. The Toffees win the ball back deep inside their own half and Harrison plays a long hopeful pass beyond the Brighton defence, but it's too far for Calvert-Lewin who was chasing it down.
Chance for Everton! Harrison works the ball well on the right-hand side and closes in on the Brighton penalty area. McNeil is screaming for the pass in a central area, and he gets his wish before shifting the ball onto his left. The Toffees wide-man unleashes a low strike from the edge of the box, but it goes whistling past the post! So close to their second!
Joao Pedro plays a delightful flick into the path of Fati, but Branthwaite drags him to the floor and the referee brandishes a yellow.
Brighton apply the pressure from the resulting free-kick and after Everton initially clear, the ball falls to Mitoma unmarked in the box. The Seagulls winger fails to stay composed and skies his left-footed strike high and wide. The Japanese international really should have done better there, he will be disappointed.
It's an attacking change from De Zerbi, who is looking to throw the kitchen sink at it. Milner comes off in place of Buonanotte, who is in search of his first goal of the season.
Tarkowski makes a reckless challenge on Fati and the referee is quick to award him a yellow.
Everton are starting to show signs of fatigue as Brighton continue to push for an equaliser. Dyche is yet to make a change today, but his side could certainly do with some fresh legs.
GOOAAAALLLLL!!!! 1-1 BRIGHTON!! The Seagulls finally make their possession count. Mitoma receives a wonderful pass on the left-hand side and looks to take on Harrison. The Brighton winger creates spaces for himself and sends a cross into the box, but it deflects off Young and goes looping over Pickford and into the goal. It’s so unfortunate for the Toffees, but De Zerbi’s side have been dominant in the second half.
Everton are pushing to get back in front! Mykolenko and Harrison both test the Brighton defence with crosses into the box, but the Seagulls deal with the danger well. Shortly after, Doucoure bursts into the box and wins his side a corner. Dyche's side are showing some attacking intent after the equaliser.
It's a straight swap in defence as Patterson comes on in place of Young. The Scotland international will offer a little more pace and attacking threat.
It's a change in attack for Everton as Calvert-Lewin's game is over with Beto coming on in his place. The Portuguese forward is in search of his first ever Premier League goal.
De Zerbi is looking to tighten up his defence in the final few minutes, with Igor coming on for Adingra.
There will be four minutes of added time at the end of the game.
Dyche's side appear to be unsure whether to push for the winner or avoid conceding once again. A draw wouldn't be the worst result for Everton, but they were in the lead for the majority of the game. We're into the final few moments now.
FULL-TIME: EVERTON 1-1 BRIGHTON
Brighton snatched a late draw at Goodison Park as Everton failed to hold on. Mykolenko opened the scoring for the Toffees with his first goal of the season, pouncing in the box to put his side ahead. Dyche's side sat deep and invited the pressure for the rest of the game, but the Seagulls eventually found a way through, as Young turned a Mitoma cross into his own goal. A heartbreaking moment for the Merseyside club who fought until the very end. Everton are in action next Saturday away to Crystal Palace as they hope to continue their impressive form. De Zerbi's side will be looking to end their winless run of five games when they host strugglers Sheffield United next time out in the Premier League. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Fulham and Manchester United at Craven Cottage.
It has been a solid week for the Cottagers, picking up a decent point on the road at Brighton last weekend in the Premier League before easing past Championship side Ipswich Town on Wednesday to reach the EFL Cup quarter-finals for the first time since the 2004-05 campaign. All in all, it has been a reasonable start to Fulham's second season back in the top-flight, currently 14th and seven points above the bottom three.
In contrast to their hosts, United's week has been a tough one, suffering back-to-back 3-0 defeats at Old Trafford, firstly against rivals Manchester City in the Premier League and then Newcastle United to crash out of the EFL Cup. Erik ten Hag is a man under pressure, though his team have been better on the road this season, picking up nine points from a possible 15, and that away form could give the Red Devils a much-needed confidence boost heading into this one.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Calvin Bassey, Tim Ream, Antonee Robinson; Harry Wilson, Joao Palhinha; Alex Iwobi, Andreas Pereira, Willian; Rodrigo Muniz.
SUBS: Luc de Fougerolles, Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Raul Jimenez, Harrison Reed, Marek Rodak, Sasa Lukic, Fode Ballo-Toure, Tom Cairney, Carlos Vinicius.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Harry Maguire, Jonny Evans, Diogo Dalot; Christian Eriksen, Scott McTominay; Antony, Bruno Fernandes, Alejandro Garnacho; Rasmus Hojlund.
SUBS: Anthony Martial, Sofyan Amrabat, Mason Mount, Sergio Reguilon, Altay Bayindir, Hannibal Mejbri, Facundo Pellistri, Raphael Varane, Kobbie Mainoo.
Marco Silva rung the changes for the cup win at Portman Road in midweek, and a lot of his key players return as Leno replaces Rodak between the sticks while Ream and Robinson come into the back four. Iwobi and Willian are preferred to De Cordova-Reid and Cairney, while star midfielder Palhinha will hold in midfield.
The big news for United is that Marcus Rashford is absent from the squad altogether. The official line is he has failed a fitness test, though Rashford has been criticised by some for celebrating his birthday hours after the derby defeat last weekend, including his own boss, who described his actions as "unacceptable". Ten Hag makes six changes from the Newcastle defeat, with Hojlund and Fernandes in for Martial and Hannibal in attack while McTominay and Eriksen come into the midfield, replacing the benched Mount and the injured Casemiro, who will be out for several weeks. Wan-Bissaka made his return against the Magpies and will start at right-back, while Evans replaces Lindelof. Varane remains on the bench.
The two teams enter the pitch at Craven Cottage, and kick-off is now just moments away!
The visitors kick us off, and we are underway!
United may have a problem here very early on as Maguire puts the ball out under seemingly no pressure before dropping to his haunches.
Just moments before going down, Maguire and Rodrigo clashed and the United man's head seemed to come off the forward's shoulder. He looks a little dazed.
Maguire is going to try and soldier on having received some treatment. That is one to keep an eye on, for sure.
It will be interesting to see how United cope without Rashford, though they have done well without him previously. Since the start of 2021-22, in the Premier League United have a higher win percentage (10/16 - 62.5 per cent) and points per game (2.1) without Rashford than with him (34/70 - 48.6 per cent) and 1.6 ppg.
Palhinha perhaps a little fortunate not to receive a yellow card for bringing down Fernandes with a sliding challenge. The visitors will have a free-kick in a great crossing position.
GOAL!!! MCTOMINAY PUTS UNITED AHEAD!!! Eriksen floats the free-kick towards the back post, where Garnacho is waiting to divert the ball back across the face of goal. McTominay is on his toes in the middle and pokes home to put the visitors 1-0 up! That is the start they needed, though there is a VAR check to ascertain whether there was an offside in the build-up...
This is a very lengthy check, and Maguire is the player in question despite not touching the ball. He is offside and appears to go for the ball, so it will be interesting to see what the verdict is...
NO GOAL!!! Maguire is deemed to be offside and impacting the play, and McTominay's goal is wiped out! That is a big let-off for Fulham. How will United respond?
Since winning back-to-back Premier League games against United in March/December 2009, Fulham are now winless in their last 15 against them (three draws, 12 defeats).
Fulham break and Willian shows some neat footwork to make the space for a shot, though Wan-Bissaka makes an important block before Wilson is caught offside.
Antony sloppily loses the ball and Fulham look to catch United out on the counter, with plenty of white shirts flying forward. However, Robinson's cross towards the back post is dealt with by Dalot, who nods the ball away from danger.
There are some tame appeals for a penalty as Fernandes goes down under Bassey's challenge, though the protests were half-hearted at best and the referee waves play on.
Palhinha catches the United defence out with a quick free-kick, setting Willian away down the left. The winger takes the ball right into the heart of the United penalty area, but Wan-Bissaka does well to get back into position and block the shot.
United are yet to have a shot in this game, and the likes of Fernandes and Hojlund have just not been a factor to this point. They will need to get their key attacking players more involved.
United have won their last six Premier League away games against Fulham – only at West Bromwich Albion (eight between 1984 and 2011) have they won more consecutively at an opponent in their league history.
Willian arrows a cross towards the back post where it looks for all the world like Wilson will fire home, until Dalot bails out his team with a superb defensive intervention, intercepting at the vital moment.
Robinson wipes out Antony with a poor challenge and picks up the first yellow card of the game.
A Fernandes corner from the left is cleared, but only to Evans. He goes for the acrobatic volley, but looks every bit the centre-back as he lashes high over the crossbar.
The ball sits up nicely for Fernandes to hit from just outside the Fulham penalty area. He goes for placement rather than power, but Leno is able to leap to his left and catch the Portugal international's effort.
With just under 10 minutes to go until the break, we remain goalless at Craven Cottage. The teams have combined for just 0.35 xG (expected goals), with neither able to get into their full attacking flow.
Iwobi picks up the ball in his own half and dribbles deep into United territory. It is a great run, but he loses composure at the crucial moment and blazes wide of the target.
A corner is headed out by the Fulham defence, though Dalot is waiting outside the box to let fly with a volley. His effort is wild, though, and flies into the stands.
Since the start of last season, the only defenders booked more times in the Premier League than Robinson (11) are Nelson Semedo (16) and Aaron Hickey (12).
The hosts win a couple of corners in quick succession as they look to get their noses in front before the interval, though United deal with both relatively comfortably. The hosts are yet to test Onana.
Willian cuts onto his right foot before curling towards the far corner, though his effort does not quite have the bend he wants on it and the ball flies past the right post.
We are well into five minutes of additional time at the end of this first half. The majority of that will be from the VAR review for McTominay's disallowed goal.
A chance for Fernandes to get the ball into the Fulham box is wasted as he scoops the ball into the stands. That just about sums up United's attacking efforts so far.
HALF-TIME: FULHAM 0-0 MANCHESTER UNITED
The referee blows his whistle to bring a low-key first half to an end with the scoreline 0-0 at Craven Cottage. United thought they were ahead with eight minutes on the clock when McTominay prodded home after Fernandes' free-kick had been diverted back across goal by Garnacho, but a lengthy VAR review adjudged Maguire to be offside in the build-up. Both teams struggled to create much after that, combining for just the one shot on target, and the teams head back to the changing rooms goalless.
After their terrible week, United needed a big performance, but we are yet to see that with Ten Hag's men looking lacklustre again. Their big stars are yet to make an impact, and Fulham have more than matched them despite their inferior resources, creating 0.33 xG to United's 0.24.
Silva's men get the ball rolling again for the second half. Can they kick on and pull off the upset?
Garnacho cuts onto his right foot before unleashing at goal, though Iwobi's block takes the sting out of the effort and Leno makes the save.
After Wilson is fouled by Garnacho, Pereira floats a free-kick delivery into the United box. However, the lack of power on the cross gives Maguire the chance to leap and head clear. Against his former team, Pereira's usually excellent set-piece deliveries have not quite been at their normal level.
Garnacho shows a great burst of pace to take him past Castagne, but his cross is tipped over by Leno. The winger has given his side a much-needed injection of energy since the interval.
United have lost each of their last five Premier League away games in which they have failed to score in the first half, going on to lose those games by an aggregate score of 13-0.
A decent spell of United pressure comes to an end as Maguire overhits a lofted throughball for Dalot, sending it skipping off the turf and out for a goal-kick. The idea was right, but the execution was not.
CHANCE! Eriksen gives the ball away and Fulham catch United on the counter. The visitors look all at sea at the back as Wilson lays it to his left for Willian, but the winger's cutback is blocked by a combination of Maguire and Wan-Bissaka. That was a let-off for Ten Hag's men.
The ball comes out to Willian in acres of space to shoot from outside the box, but he does not catch it as sweetly as he would have liked and his effort bounces wide of the left post.
Ahead of the goal-kick following Willian's shot, Maguire again looks to have a problem and he may have to make way.
ONANA TO THE RESCUE! The ball bounces nicely for Wilson to strike from outside the box, but Onana makes a superb stop to prevent it flying in. However, moments later Willian plays a neat pass into the path of Palhinha, who blasts at goal, but again Onana makes a vital save to divert behind for a corner. Fulham are well on top at the moment!
Antony has been very poor and now makes way for Pellistri. The Brazil international did not create a chance or have a shot, while winning just three of his 11 duels.
Rodrigo leaps highest to meet Pereira's corner delivery, but his header flies just over the crossbar. United are clinging on at the moment.
Palhinha goes in the book for a foul on Fernandes in midfield.
Garnacho takes out Wilson with a late sliding challenge and is cautioned.
Rodrigo temporarily goes down after twisting awkwardly, but it looks like he will try to battle on.
Pellistri tries to make an impact off the bench as he takes the ball past Robinson before letting fly, but his effort lacks power and is easily saved by Leno down to the goalkeeper's left.
Iwobi goes for the spectacular as he fires goalwards from 30 yards out, but he gets well underneath his effort and the ball loops high into the stands.
Rodrigo did try to soldier on after going down a few minutes ago, but he is back on the turf and looks in some distress.
Rodrigo is distraught as he makes way for Vinicius. You hope for his sake that the injury is not as bad as he seems to fear.
Willian has been very lively but is now replaced by Lukic. The former Chelsea man led his team with five shots and seven touches in the opposition box, though he failed to hit the target with any of his attempts.
United take a corner short, and the ball sits up nicely for Dalot to hit. His effort is poor, though, and flies well wide of the target. He certainly has that in his locker, but not on this occasion.
Eriksen is replaced by Mount as Ten Hag tries to find an attacking spark.
Martial enters the fray in place of Hojlund, who looks frustrated with his performance. He failed to have a shot in the 79 minutes he was on the field.
Silva brings on De Cordova-Reid for Pereira, perhaps a surprise with the former United man having created six chances, four more than any other player on the pitch.
Iwobi goes in the book for cynically bundling over Garnacho.
Fernandes' free-kick from 30 yards out is heading towards the bottom corner, but the lack of power on the shot means Leno is able to scramble to his left and beat wide.
Dalot's cross finds Martial in the middle, but his acrobatic effort goes a couple yards wide of the right post. United have just started to get on top in the last couple of minutes.
Wilson is the fifth Fulham player to receive a booking as he trips Garnacho.
Dalot is cautioned for taking out Wilson. Perhaps more pressing, though, is that Fulham will have a free-kick in a great shooting position and with a player of Wilson's quality standing over it.
It is really poor from Wilson as he curls high over the crossbar. A player with his calibre of dead-ball quality will be hugely disappointed with that.
Iwobi is replaced by Jimenez for the last couple of minutes.
That shocking free-kick was Wilson's last act as he trudges off for Cairney.
GOAL!!! FERNANDES PUTS UNITED IN FRONT!!! Palhinha gives the ball away in a terrible area and Fernandes looks to feed it straight into McTominay. The ball bounces around before Pellistri lays it back to Fernandes, who shows great composure to feint past Lukic before picking his spot and rifling into the bottom corner, putting the visitors 1-0 up! Is that the winner?
Pellistri has impressed since coming on and teed up Fernandes to fake out Lukic and fire home.
Varane enters the fray for Garnacho as Ten Hag looks to shore up his defence. We are into five minutes of additional time. Can United hold on?
Fulham are rapidly running out of time and just cannot get the ball into the right areas to hurt United. The hosts have played well here, but it looks like they are going to come up short.
Jimenez is booked for dissent in the dying seconds.
FULL-TIME: FULHAM 0-1 MANCHESTER UNITED
The full-time whistle blows at Craven Cottage as a relieved United can celebrate a much-needed three points thanks to Fernandes' late winner. After having a goal disallowed for offside after eight minutes, the Red Devils struggled to create much and Fulham enjoyed a strong second half, going close a couple of times as Onana came to the visitors' rescue on more than one occasion. It appeared the spoils would be shared, but in the 91st minute, Pellistri laid the ball back for Fernandes, before the United captain rifled into the bottom corner to put his team ahead. They would hold on to claim three massive points that take them up to 18 for the season, currently sixth ahead of the other Premier League games this weekend, and United fans will be hoping their team can put a run together and leave those back-to-back 3-0 defeats in the rear-view mirror. For Fulham, they remain 14th, and the gap to the bottom three could be as narrow as four points come the end of the weekend. They travel to take on in-form Aston Villa next Sunday, while United's next game is in the Champions League with an away clash against FC Copenhagen on Wednesday. That is all we have from Craven Cottage, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Luton Town and Liverpool at Kenilworth Road.
The hosts' return to top-flight football after a 31-year exodus has endured a tricky start, currently in the bottom three having won just one of their 10 games. Much was made of Kenilworth Road and its hostile atmosphere towards away teams, yet the Hatters are yet to win there this season. However, a victory here would take Luton out of the relegation zone and up to 17th.
Liverpool have started the campaign superbly, winning seven of their 10 games and taking 23 points from a possible 30 to leave them fourth in the Premier League, four points off leaders Manchester City heading into this game. The Reds were trophyless last term for just the second time in five seasons, but their start to this one has fans optimistic of their chances of claiming silverware come the end of the campaign.
LUTON TOWN (3-5-2): Thomas Kaminski; Gabriel Osho, Tom Lockyer, Teden Mengi; Issa Kabore, Ross Barkley, Marvelous Nakamba, Andros Townsend, Alfie Doughty; Carlton Morris, Chiedozie Ogbene.
SUBS: Jayden Luker, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu, Zack Nelson, Ryan Giles, Tahith Chong, Tim Krul, Elijah Adebayo, Jordan Clark, Jacob Brown.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Alisson; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil van Dijk, Joe Gomez; Ryan Gravenberch, Alexis Mac Allister, Dominik Szoboszlai; Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez, Diogo Jota.
SUBS: Ben Doak, Wataru Endo, Caoimhin Kelleher, Konstantinos Tsimikas, Cody Gakpo, Luis Diaz, Joel Matip, Jarell Quansah, Harvey Elliott.
Rob Edwards makes just the one change from his team's last outing, a 3-1 defeat at Aston Villa, as Townsend comes in for Brown for his first Luton start having signed for the Hatters as a free agent in October. Doughty has been a key player for Edwards' men this season, coming into the weekend with the second most chances created from set plays (14) behind James Ward-Prowse (16), while only Kieran Trippier (31) had completed more crosses than the Luton man (23).
Jurgen Klopp rung the changes for the 2-1 win over Bournemouth in the EFL Cup in midweek, and his big stars return for this one as the likes of Alisson, Salah and Van Dijk come back into the team, while Mac Allister, Gravenberch, Alexander-Arnold and Konate also start. Nunez came off the bench to score a stunning winner against the Cherries, and he is rewarded with a start up top for the Reds. Gomez will start at left-back with Andy Robertson still absent through injury, while Diaz returns on the bench despite his father being kidnapped back in Colombia, an ongoing situation that had seen him miss Liverpool's last two fixtures.
The two teams make their way onto the pitch in front of a vociferous Kenilworth Road crowd.
The visitors kick us off and we are underway at a drizzly Kenilworth Road!
Perhaps to be expected with the teams' respective positions in the Premier League table, Liverpool have looked the more confident side in these opening exchanges, dominating possession and prying for an opening.
The first attempt of the contest goes to Luton as Barkley fires goalwards from outside of the box, though Alisson gets down well to make a comfortable save.
Much like his goal against Bournemouth in the EFL Cup in midweek, Nunez cuts onto his right foot and tries to curl home from distance, though Kaminski is able to tip wide.
Van Dijk comes into this match with 49 Premier League away wins and could become just the 16th player to reach 50 victories in the competition on the road with Liverpool.
It has been a very lively opening at Kenilworth Road with both teams looking to get on the front foot. Will Liverpool's superior quality tell?
This is the first meeting between Luton and Liverpool in any competition since January 2008, with the Reds winning an FA Cup third-round replay 5-0 at Anfield. Steven Gerrard scored a hat-trick in that game.
OFF THE BAR! Alexander-Arnold picks up possession out wide and spots Nunez, who has made a superb run in behind the Luton defence. The right-back arrows a delightful pass into the path of the Uruguay international, who brings it down before firing goalwards. However, much to Luton's relief, the ball comes off the top of the woodwork and flies over.
Ogbene shows a great burst of pace to get down the left and float a cross over, and Konate can only nod the ball on to Kabore at the back post. The wing-back lets fly, but his effort is poor and soars high into the stands.
Nunez continues to be heavily involved as he again cuts in and fires, though Kaminski is equal to the task as he beats away from danger. That is already Nunez's fourth shot of the game.
Nunez has now hit the woodwork twice as many times as any other player in the Premier League this season (four).
Twenty minutes on the clock at Kenilworth Road, and both teams have certainly had their chances. Nunez went the closest when he struck the woodwork, though the scoreline remains 0-0.
Szoboszlai's free-kick delivery is headed out by Mengi, but only to the waiting Salah. The winger hits it first time, but his effort is very poor and flies high over the crossbar.
Liverpool have lost just one of their last 10 meetings with the Hatters in all competitions (five wins, four draws), going down 3-1 at Kenilworth Road in February 1991.
Nunez shows a great leap to rise above Kabore and nod Salah's cross goalwards, but he cannot get his header on target and Kaminski watches it go over his crossbar.
Nunez has already had five shots, at least four more than any other player on the pitch. His xG (expected goals) of 0.29 is almost double Luton's (0.15).
Luton are yet to keep a Premier League clean sheet in 10 games this season, the first time they have failed to manage a shutout in their opening 10 league games since 2019-20 in the Championship. They have held firm so far here, though.
Edwards will be pleased with his team's display to this point, though he will be keen for more of an attacking threat having watched his side manage just one shot on target.
BIG SAVE! A brilliant injection of pace from Gravenberch sees him reach the edge of the Luton box, drawing out the defenders and creating the space to feed Jota. The Portugal international pulls the trigger first time, firing towards the bottom corner, though Kaminski gets down to his right and paws it away.
The game is paused because Kabore seems to have something in his eye. The right-back goes off to receive more treatment and Luton will have to defend a corner a man down.
The corner is floated over to the waiting Alexander-Arnold, but his powerful first-time volley is blocked by a crowded penalty area. Kabore eventually comes back onto the field.
Luton have failed to score in any of their previous first halves at home in the Premier League, and are seven minutes away from doing so again.
Ogbene is fortunate not to receive a booking as a seemingly intentional handball halts a Liverpool counter-attack. The visiting players are incensed.
A cross from the left is deflected to just outside the Liverpool box, where Barkley is waiting to let fly. However, his effort is poor and the ball soars over Alisson's crossbar.
Nakamba receives the first booking of the game for a very heavy challenge on Mac Allister in midfield. Liverpool want a red, but there is nothing doing despite a VAR check.
There will be two minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
Ogbene's pace has been causing big problems for Liverpool, offering a real outlet for the Hatters as they look to relieve some of the pressure they have been under.
HALF-TIME: LUTON TOWN 0-0 LIVERPOOL
The half-time whistle blows as Luton and Liverpool head back to the changing rooms with the scoreline goalless. Both have had chances, with Nunez going the closest when he struck the bar after Alexander-Arnold's excellent pass picked him out, while Barkley saw a shot saved by Alisson at the other end. Kaminski made a couple of great stops, including a sublime save to deny Jota and ensure the Hatters got into the break at 0-0.
Luton have more than held their own, and Edwards will be pleased with how his side have played so far. They have created just 0.17 xG, though, compared to 1.05 for Liverpool, so he will be keen for his team to conjure up more of an attacking threat after the interval.
The hosts get the ball rolling again for the second half.
Luton have now failed to score a first-half goal in 10 of their 11 games, more often than any other team in the Premier League this season.
Liverpool have started this second half brightly, looking to pin back their hosts and find a way through.
Nunez registered six shots in the first half, already more than he has managed in any single match in the Premier League this season. Can the Uruguay international turn a plethora of efforts into the opening goal?
Ogbene cuts in and tries to curl into the far corner, but his effort is very tame and easily saved by Allison, who is yet to really be tested.
Mac Allister goes in the book for cynically wiping out Townsend as the former Everton man looked to launch a counter. That yellow card means he is suspended for the home game with Brentford next weekend.
Kabore whips a dangerous delivery into the Liverpool penalty area, but Alisson is alert to come out of his goal and collect before any lurking Luton attacker can fire home.
Klopp will be wanting a couple of goals soon to stave off any late nerves, with Luton having scored six of their nine Premier League goals this season in the final 10 minutes of games. Only Arsenal had scored more during that timeframe (seven) heading into the weekend's action.
Kabore stays down for a prolonged period after a thunderous collision with Gomez, who also went tumbling into the advertising boards on the left-hand side. Both appear fine to continue, though.
Chong comes on for Townsend, who has acquitted himself well in his first start in 18 months.
Liverpool had 69.9 per cent possession over the opening 15 minutes of the second half, though Luton remain level. The longer the score remains 0-0, the more confidence the hosts will have that they can potentially kick on and force a winner.
CHANCE! Ogbene again causes problems for the Liverpool defence as he makes it into the visitors' box. He tries to cross, and though it is blocked, it falls into the path of Morris. However, Alisson does brilliantly to race out and close the angle, eventually making an important stop to divert behind for a corner.
Szoboszlai is replaced by Elliott. The Hungary international had not been his usual creative force in this game.
Jota makes way for Gakpo.
Gomez's shift at left-back is over, and he trudges off for Tsimikas.
BIG OPPORTUNITY! Elliott gets down the left before cutting back and floating a cross into the box. It ends up falling to Gakpo, but the ball is just behind the Netherlands international and his acrobatic shot flies wide of the target. He just could not quite get his feet sorted in time.
Alexander-Arnold loops a cross towards the back post for Salah, whose goalwards header is so poor that it ends up falling for Nunez. It seems he cannot miss, but somehow the Uruguay international fires well over the crossbar. It is an incredible miss, but fortunately the flag goes up for offside to somewhat spare his blushes.
HUGE STOP! Salah's perfectly weighted throughball finds Nunez in the Luton box, and he tries to catch out the goalkeeper by shooting early. However, Kaminski is equal to the task and tips over. It is all Liverpool at the moment!
Liverpool want a penalty as Van Dijk is hauled to the turf by Mengi with a corner coming over from the left, but the referee decides against awarding a spot-kick before a subsequent VAR check confirms his decision.
Nunez has now had an extraordinary nine attempts, hitting the target with three of them. He has been a very busy man.
Morris has put in a decent shift for Luton up front, but now makes way for Adebayo.
Nunez's nine shots are the joint-most of any player in a Premier League match this season (Marcus Rashford v Brighton and Erling Haaland v West Ham – also nine).
KAMINSKI TO THE RESCUE! Gravenberch cuts onto his left foot and tries to catch out the Luton goalkeeper at his near post, but Kaminski is again alert to leap to his left and parry away from danger.
Ogebene has been Luton's most lively player, but he is replaced by Brown with just over 10 minutes to play.
GOAL!!! CHONG PUTS LUTON AHEAD!!! It comes from a Liverpool corner, which seems to deflect onto Barkley's arm. While the visitors appeal for a penalty, Edwards' men charge forward on the counter and Barkley lays it to his right for Kabore. The right-back keeps his composure to curl a cross into the path of Chong, and the substitute beats Alisson to the ball to poke home and spark wild celebrations from the home fans. There is a VAR check, and though Dijk's header does seem to come off Barkley's arm, the VAR decides to award the goal and Luton are 1-0 up thanks to Chong's first Premier League goal!
Kabore did superbly to play a perfectly weighted cross into the path of Chong to fire past Alisson and into the back of the net.
Luton have scored seven goals in the last 15 minutes of the second half, only Arsenal (eight) have scored more in the Premier League this season. Will another late salvo power the Hatters to victory?
Diaz makes his return off the bench, on in place of Gravenberch.
WIDE! Konate nips in front of Barkley to meet Tsimikas' cross from the left, and his header looks destined for the bottom corner with Kaminski at full stretch. However, the ball flies just past the right post.
Luton have dropped very deep, daring Liverpool to try and break them down. It is a risky tactic considering the quality Klopp boasts in his team.
Kabore is down after a coming-together with Tsimikas near the corner flag, clutching at his hamstring. He has been brilliant in this game, including his excellent assist for what could be the winner.
Kabore is okay to continue, and the game resumes as we move into eight minutes of additional time at the end of this match. Can Liverpool rescue a result?
Luton currently have the ball high up the pitch, exactly where they need it. The home fans are willing them on to a result, one that is within touching distance.
GOAL!!! DIAZ EQUALISES FOR LIVERPOOL!!! INCREDIBLE!!! With all that is going on in his personal life, Diaz comes up big for his team at the crucial moment. Elliott floats a superb cross over to the back post for Diaz, who leaps high above Kabore to reach the ball before nodding over Kaminski and in to make it 1-1! The winger celebrates by lifting up his shirt and showing a message for his missing father.
Elliott has been very lively since coming on, and it was his cross that unlocked the defence and allowed Diaz to head home.
Liverpool urgently want a winner in the closing minutes, while Luton are hanging on. It is the visiting fans who are audible now, and they are urging their team on to try and find another goal.
Kabore receives the ball on the right-hand side of the box before firing at goal, but the angle is very tight and Alisson makes a comfortable save.
FULL-TIME: LUTON TOWN 1-1 LIVERPOOL
The full-time whistle blows as Luton and Liverpool share the spoils with a 1-1 draw at Kenilworth Road. It could have been so much more for Luton, who had to soak up a lot of Liverpool pressure before a swift counter-attack gave them the lead with 10 minutes to play, Kabore flying forwards before curling a delightful cross into the middle for Chong to finish. With an initial eight minutes added on, Luton looked like they were going to hold on. However, in the fifth minute of that added time, Elliott arrowed a delivery to the back post, where Diaz leapt above Kabore before nodding past Kaminski and in, celebrating by lifting up his shirt to reveal a message in support of his missing father back home in Colombia. The full-time whistle was greeted with cheers by the Luton fans, perhaps indicative of the momentum Liverpool were gaining as they looked for a winner, and the Hatters just about held on to secure a point, one that takes them out of the relegation zone and up to 17th. Liverpool move up to third, above Arsenal on goals scored, and they turn their attentions to Europa League action next, travelling to take on Toulouse on Thursday. For Luton, they will look to build on this result when they face Manchester United at Old Trafford next Saturday. That is all we have from Kenilworth Road, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Manchester City and Bournemouth at the Etihad Stadium!
City have the chance to leapfrog both Arsenal and Tottenham to go top of the table with a win here, and history is on their side as they've won all 12 of the previous Premier League games against Bournemouth. Their blip before the October international break, which saw them get knocked out of the EFL Cup by Newcastle United and lose consecutive league games, looks to be behind them, as they've won their last three on the bounce in all competitions, including a resounding 3-0 win over rivals Manchester United last weekend.
As for Bournemouth, at the 10th time of asking, they finally got their first Premier League win under Andoni Iraola as they came from behind to beat Burnley and move out of the relegation zone. The pressure isn't off the Cherries manager yet, though, as they sit just one point above the drop zone. They're also looking to bounce back after being knocked out of the EFL Cup on Wednesday, beaten 2-1 by Liverpool.
MANCHESTER CITY STARTING XI (3-2-4-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Manuel Akanji, Nathan Ake; John Stones, Rodri; Bernardo Silva, Julian Alvarez, Mateo Kovacic, Jeremy Doku; Erling Haaland.
MANCHESTER CITY SUBS: Matheus Nunes, Rico Lewis, Stefan Ortega, Josko Gvardiol, Oscar Bobb, Jack Grealish, Kalvin Phillips, Ruben Dias, Phil Foden.
BOURNEMOUTH STARTING XI (5-4-1): Ionut Radu; Max Aarons, Chris Mepham, Illia Zabarnyi, Lloyd Kelly, Milos Kerkez; Ryan Christie, Alex Scott, Philip Billing, Marcus Tavernier; Dominic Solanke.
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Adam Smith, Joe Rothwell, Antoine Semenyo, Mark Travers, Justin Kluivert, Marcos Senesi, David Brooks, Dango Ouattara, Luis Sinisterra.
Pep Guardiola makes four changes to the side that beat United last Sunday. Akanji returns from suspension to start, with Ake, Kovacic and Doku also coming into the team. Dias, Gvardiol, Grealish and Foden are all among the substitutes.
Iraola makes just three changes from their EFL Cup defeat to Liverpool in midweek and switches to a back five here. Aarons, Kelly and Tavernier are all brought in. Semenyo and Kluivert, who have scored two of Bournemouth's last three goals between them, drop to the bench along with Smith.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Kovacic gets the game under way for City!
Kovacic sloppily gives the ball away, and Billing hooks it upfield to Solanke. He nods it down for Christie to volley forward in the hopes of finding Tavernier, but Stones comfortably deals with it.
Bournemouth have everybody sitting deep in their own half as City knock it around, trying to open up some space here. The hosts are staying patient as they switch it from side to side.
Doku clips it in from the left and Haaland is claiming he's being pushed which knocks his jump off balance. The referee is having none of it and the hosts work it out to Alvarez on the left, but he blazes his effort over the bar.
It's better from Bournemouth's front three here as they rush out to press City's backline. Walker is forced backwards and he has to go all the way back to Ederson with no route forward.
CHANCE! To nobody's surprise, City are dominating the ball, with 83 per cent possession in the first 10 minutes. Their hard work results in a corner which is pulled back to Silva just outside the box, but he fires over the bar.
Bournemouth work it quickly upfield, but their final ball into the box is letting them down. Christie's cross is blocked, and when Scott tries to pick out Tavernier, he puts it straight out for a throw-in.
SAVE! Silva has three defenders in front of him, but he squeezes a pass through to Alvarez before continuing his run, drawing Bournemouth players to him. It opens space for Rodri on the edge of the box, but his low shot is held by Radu.
Bournemouth have won none of their 18 league games against City (D2 L16), the most any side has ever faced another without winning in English Football League history.
CHANCE! Kovacic cuts out another attempted attack by Bournemouth before weaving his way through midfield. He lays it off to Haaland who picks out Rodri, but he curls his long-range shot well wide of the far post.
Doku is facing off against Mepham and times his moment perfectly, bursting past the defender with pace before trying to fizz it into the middle. Zabarnyi slides in to block it and Christie helps to clear the danger.
OFF THE POST! Silva checks back twice, but just can't open up space for a shot so he tees up Alvarez for a cross. He clips it into the far post and Haaland heads it down against Kelly which helps it onto the woodwork.
It's wonderful play from City down their right as Silva cuts inside before picking out Alvarez once more. He threads it through to Walker, who only has Kerkez to beat, but a loose touch lets him down as it rolls out of play.
BLOCK! Kovacic's attempted throughball is actually blocked by Zabarnyi, but Haaland is alert to pounce on the rebound. He gets it out of his feet before firing a shot on goal, but Kelly throws himself in front of it.
For all of City's possession, Radu has only had the one save to make so far, and that was a fairly comfortable one. Silva links up with Alvarez again, but the Argentinian's fizzed shot is deflected wide by Zabarnyi.
CLOSE! Another corner is played short by City and Silva finds himself in a pocket of space on the edge of the D. He whips a shot towards the top left corner that has Radu stretching, but it flies just wide.
DOKU SCORES! It's a lovely goal by City! Radu punches away Walker's cross, but the hosts quickly win it back once more. Ake touches it into Doku's feet, and he plays a one-two with Rodri as he skips through the crowd of defenders to get into the box. He takes the shot first time when it comes back to him, and it skims off Mepham's back and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 City!
Rodri isn't fazed by having Scott tight to his back and his pass back into Doku is perfectly weighted to set up the goal.
The first yellow card of the game goes to Billing, who kicks the ball away to prevent City from taking a free-kick.
SILVA SCORES! And just like that, City have doubled their lead! It's more wonderful play from Doku, who links up well with Walker down the right before leaving Mepham in a spin with some clever footwork. He slides it into Silva, who doesn't even have to break stride as he runs onto it, stroking it into the bottom corner. 2-0 City!
The Bournemouth defenders just can't deal with Doku's quick feet and it allows him to turn provider this time.
Bournemouth are attempting to press a little higher than they have been, knowing that they'd have a chance on the break. Scott tries to intercept a big switch from Rodri, but it only glances off his head on it's way through to Ake.
AKANJI SCORES!  It's City's seventh corner, and Bournemouth haven't dealt with it whenever it's been played short to Silva. He shapes like he's going to cross, but instead, he squares it into Doku just outside the D. He wrongfoots Billing with a quick half-turn before firing on goal, but it's the deflection off Akanji's back that takes it past Radu. 3-0 City!
Doku was clearly trying to add to his own tally, but his shot needed the deflection off Akanji to get it on target.
Bournemouth just can't get a touch on the ball at the moment and City are ghosting past them. Doku makes another weaving run down the left before fizzing it in, but Alvarez's touch bounces harmlessly to Radu.
CHANCE! It's much better from Bournemouth as they catch City out with a quick break, but Scott kicks through Rodri when the Spaniard cuts the cross out. Christie gets a second chance to clip it in, but Solanke's header loops straight to Ederson.
Scott stayed down after the coming together with Rodri, and he requires treatment on his ankle. He's moving gingerly when he gets back to his feet, and it's not looking good for the youngster.
Scott is being helped by the physio as he limps around the edge of the pitch. His game is over as Rothwell replaces him.
We're into four added minutes here as Ederson suddenly sends the ball upfield following another patient spell of possession. Zabarnyi is pushed to the floor by Haaland, but the forward can't bring the pass down on the stretch.
BLOCK! It's a superb turn by Alvarez to lose Mepham, and it cuts the midfield wide open. He plays a reverse pass into the box for Haaland, who does well to brush off Kelly, but Zabarnyi slides in to block his shot.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 3-0 BOURNEMOUTH.
Doku stars in the first half as three goals in seven minutes give City a 3-0 lead over Bournemouth at the break. The Cherries stood their ground well for the opening 25 minutes, comfortably dealing with the threat posed against them, but an inspired performance from Doku turned things around. He scored the opener, skipping through a crowd to pick out the bottom corner before setting up Silva for the second. He was actually looking for another goal himself, but his shot deflected off Akanji's back and past Radu.
Guardiola will be pleased with that performance - his side were clinical, scoring with three of their four shots on target, and they dominated from the start. As for Bournemouth, their game plan worked well for a while, but once the first goal went in, they struggled to keep it up. Iraola will be looking for more defensive stability to avoid being on the wrong end of a heavy scoreline.
There are changes for both sides at the break, starting with City. It appears that Haaland has a knock, so they're taking no chances with him. Foden replaces him.
And for Bournemouth, it's Senesi that's coming on in place of Mepham.
Bournemouth get us back under way for the second half!
NO GOAL! What a start that would've been to the second half! Aarons drives down the right before sliding it through to Christie. He gets a yard on Stones to square it the near post from the byline, and Solanke turns it in from very close range, but the flag is up against the Scotsman.
There was quite a long check on the offside to make sure the linesman's decision was right. Christie was clearly offside, and once the lines are drawn, it's confirmed.
Bournemouth have clearly been given instructions from Iraola at the break to press much higher upfield. They're forcing City deeper into their own half and not giving them a way out.
Christie's first cross is blocked by Ake, but the bounce is kind to him and he gets a second bite at it. He floats this one into the far post, but it's just too high for Kerkez.
City have had a 3+ goal lead at half-time in 28 games in the Premier League since Guardiola took charge, almost twice as many times as any other side during this period (Tottenham - 15).
Bournemouth are enjoying their first real spell of possession in the game here, but it's deep in their own half. Aarons sees a throughball blocked by Doku, but luckily for the right-back, it goes out of play.
CHANCE! Doku dances into the box once more, but Senesi slides in to put it out for another corner. City take it short once more, and it's squeezed through to Kovacic, who blazes his shot just over the bar.
Foden takes aim from the edge of the box, but it pinballs off Bournemouth defenders and almost falls at Alvarez's feet. He tries to push Kelly aside, but the defender stands his ground to shield it back to the keeper.
OFF THE BAR! Bournemouth work it quickly upfield once more, and it's pulled back to Solanke in the middle of the box. He has time to take a touch before firing a shot towards the top corner. Ederson is beaten, but it rattles the bar. What a goal that would've been!
Silva threatens to get in behind the Cherries once more as he surges down the right, but Kerkez tracks him all the way. He slides in with a great tackle, and Bournemouth are back in possession.
FODEN SCORES! He starts the move, sweeping it out to Doku on the left once more. Aarons sits off, unsure what the Belgian is going to do, but he just opens up his body to slide it through the Foden. He's in the middle of a crowd, but he gets into a pocket of space before stroking it past Radu into the back of the net. 4-0 City!
That's a hat-trick of assists for Doku now as he continues to torment Bournemouth's defence with some wonderful play.
Silva skips past three Bournemouth defenders as he cuts inside, but he can't find any space. Doku chooses to slide in Ake instead of having another run at goal, but the Dutchman's low cross is blocked.
That fourth goal looks to have knocked the wind out of Bournemouth's sails as they're dropping deeper into their own half. It's spread out to Walker, but he can't pick out a cross into the crowded box.
Aarons bursts down the right, and he doesn't have much support ahead of him so he plays the cross early. There's too much on it and he gives Tavernier no chance as Akanji comfortably gets it away.
Both sides have been waiting a while to make these changes, and we'll start with a triple swap for City. Stones is replaced by Lewis.
Nunes comes on in place of Alvarez.
And Phillips gets a rare chance as he comes on for Rodri.
Bournemouth are making a double change. Billing is taken off for Semenyo.
And Tavernier, who has struggled to get into this game, is replaced by Sinisterra.
SINISTERRA PULLS ONE BACK! What an impact by the substitute! City are caught out with a simple long ball over the top from Kelly out to Aarons, who is in acres of space down the right. He plays another early cross into the box, but this one is weighted perfectly, and Sinisterra drags it around Walker before sliding it into the back of the net. After a VAR check for offside, it stands. 4-1!
After rushing a cross a little earlier on, Aarons gets his head up before playing a wonderful cross straight into Sinisterra's feet.
VAR is just checking to make sure that Sinisterra didn't stray offside. It wasn't as tight a call as it originally looked, as Ake, who was stretching to block Aarons' cross, was playing him on.
Bournemouth's confidence is back up and they're making it difficult for City to get forward. Phillips wants to long on the ball, but gets away with it as he's fouled by an eager Sinisterra.
Semenyo's pressure pays off as he wins the ball back high upfield and he drives to the edge of the box. Ake is scrambling to catch up, and the defender just does enough to get in front of him and give Bournemouth their first corner.
Bournemouth are enjoying another good spell of possession here as they patiently work it forward. Senesi tries to open up City's midfield with a throughball into Rothwell, but Walker cuts it out.
SILVA SCORES AGAIN! It all starts with a superb cross-field pass from Doku to pick out Silva's free run down the right. Kelly doesn't close him down until it's too late, and the winger takes it around him before dinking it in from a very tight angle. It's over the line when Zabarnyi hooks it away, but Nunes volleyed the follow-up in to make sure. The goal will go to Silva though, and it's 5-1 to City!
What a game Doku is having! That's now four assists for the Belgian as well as the opening goal.
Bournemouth's final roll of the dice sees Kluivert, who scored against Liverpool in midweek, come on for Solanke.
And that goal was Silva's last involvement as Bobb is brought on in his place.
Nunes slides a lovely throughball down the right for Lewis, but Senesi is giving him absolutely no time on the ball. They wrestle to the ground, but it does result in City's 12th corner.
AKE SCORES! It's more great link-up play from City down their right side and Nunes slides it into Bobb at the byline. He whips a cross into the six-yard box and Ake throws himself forward to get to it ahead of Aarons, beating Radu with his diving header from close range. 6-1 City!
Bobb times his run perfectly to stay onside and just gets a yard on his marker to be able to pick out the cross.
Despite already having six goals to their name, City aren't slowing down here. Bournemouth are being stretched as the fourth official shows there will be seven additional minutes.
City flood numbers into Bournemouth's box once more, but this time, they just overcomplicate it. It's crowded in there, and Foden tries to spin his way out of trouble with some clever footwork, only to give it away.
Aarons will be glad to see the back of Doku when the final whistle comes. The Belgian catches him out with another clever flick, but for the first time, he's let down by a heavy touch as it rolls out for a goal-kick.
Bournemouth are looking to try and get another late consolation here and Kerkez makes a great run down the left. His pullback to Rothwell is slightly short though and Akanji comes away with it.
SAVE! City almost make a grandstand finish as Lewis slides a wonderful pass through Bournemouth's backline to pick out Kovacic's run. He gets it caught under his feet but still manages to get a shot away, only to fire it straight at Radu.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 6-1 BOURNEMOUTH.
City go top of the Premier League with a brilliant 6-1 win over Bournemouth. Doku was the star of the show, having a hand in five of City's six goals today. He opened the scoring just before the half-hour mark, before setting up Silva for a second and seeing his shot deflect past Radu off Akanji's back. Bournemouth made a bright start to the second half, and it could've been a much different story - Solanke's close-range finish was disallowed for offside before he rattled the bar. Doku then set up two more goals, with Foden and Silva both netting on either side of Sinisterra's consolation. Ake then rounded things off with a diving header late on. City leapfrog Spurs and Arsenal into first place for now, with both sides still yet to play this weekend. Next up for them is Young Boys in the Champions League. Bournemouth stay just outside the relegation zone, with another tough test in Newcastle next up for them. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League fixture at St. James' Park, as Newcastle United host Arsenal.
After a sluggish start to the season, seventh-placed Newcastle are unbeaten in their last six games, winning four of these. Held to a 2-2 draw by Wolves last time out, the Magpies will still come into this game high on confidence, after a massive 3-0 away win over Manchester United in their midweek Carabao Cup tie.
Third-placed Arsenal are yet to lose a game in this Premier League season so far, and a victory by five or more goals, however unlikely, would send them top of the table. The Gunners dispatched bottom side Sheffield United 5-0 in their last home game, but did suffer a 3-1 defeat to West Ham in the Carabao Cup prior to this one.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Nick Pope; Kieran Trippier, Fabian Schar, Jamaal Lascelles, Dan Burn; Bruno Guimaraes, Sean Longstaff, Joelinton; Miguel Almiron, Callum Wilson, Anthony Gordon.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Martin Dubravka, Paul Dummett, Matt Ritchie, Emil Krafth, Lewis Hall, Tino Livramento, Jacob Murphy, Joe Willock, Lewis Miley.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Takehiro Tomiyasu; Declan Rice, Jorginho, Kai Havertz; Bukayo Saka, Eddie Nketiah, Gabriel Martinelli.
ARSENAL SUBS: Aaron Ramsdale, Karl Hein, Jakub Kiwior, Cedric Soares, Leandro Trossard, Fabio Vieira, Reiss Nelson, Kai Havertz, Oleksandr Zinchenko.
Despite several fringe players making huge impressions against Manchester United in midweek, Eddie Howe keeps faith with the side that started Newcastle’s 2-2 draw with Wolves in their last league game. Callum Wilson’s first-half brace got the Magpies off to a strong start in the West Midlands, and he’ll be looking to do the same here, flanked by Anthony Gordon and Miguel Almiron.
Arsenal, meanwhile, make six changes from their 3-1 League Cup loss, with only Ben White, Gabriel, Jorginho, Kai Havertz and Eddie Nketiah keeping their places. The latter scored a superb hat-trick against Sheffield United at the Emirates, and will no doubt be keen to get his name on the scoresheet at least once more at St. James’.
The teams are lined up on the pitch, and we'll be ready for kick-off straight after the playing of the Last Post to honour those fallen in conflicts throughout the world.
KICK-OFF: Nketiah gets the game underway for Arsenal, who will look to get on the front foot right from the off!
Newcastle have won just one of their last 10 Premier League games against Arsenal, losing eight, drawing once and failing to score on eight occasions during that run.
Nketiah makes a darting run into the box as Martinelli whips in a cross, but Schar's there to nod the ball away for the Magpies.
Almiron and Wilson look to combine as Newcastle launch a counter-attack, but the latter is clipped late by Gabriel to win the hosts a free-kick.
A first-time cross off Guimaraes' cut-back is curled into the box by Longstaff, but Raya gets off his line well for Arsenal to punch the ball well clear.
Only Manchester United (14) have won more Premier League away games at St. James' Park than Arsenal (13), with the Gunners winning eight of their last 10 visits to Newcastle in the top-flight.
An injury to Joelinton sees the Brazilian head to the sideline temporarily, but he's up and ready to continue for over 30 seconds until finally being allowed back onto the pitch by the referee!
Saka defies his size to shrug Burn off the ball with little difficulty, but he doesn't get far before being shunted over the sideline himself by Joelinton!
Guimaraes is crowded out on the edge of his own box and the ball breaks for Tomiyasu, but his first-time shot goalwards is deflected behind off Burn for a corner!
Jorginho tees up Martinelli on the edge of the box, but his curling strike from 25 yards is an easy one for Lascelles to get in the way of.
Intense pressure from Almiron forces Gabriel back and into a rushed, deflected clearance, but a shove from the Paraguayan results in a free-kick to let Arsenal off the hook!
A deflected Saka shot is played wide by Rice to Martinelli, but England winger hesitates from striking the deflected cross back towards goal!
Saliba sizes up a shot and has a go from range, but Lascelles jumps out of the defensive line to make the block and send the ball looping behind for another Arsenal corner!
Saka's delivery from the corner is punched half-clear by Pope, but Jorginho's follow-up on the volley is sent sailing well over the top!
Rice advances up the left and wins another corner which is played short to Martinelli. His cross to the far post is attacked by Nketiah, but the striker  can't get enough on his header to send the ball on-target.
Newcastle are unbeaten in their last six league games, scoring at least twice in each of the last five. They last scored 2+ goals in six consecutive Premier League games between August and October 2004.
Jorginho scoops the ball over the top of the defence for Tomiyasu to chase, but he can't latch onto the pass ahead of Trippier and it'll go behind for a goal-kick.
OVER!!! The first clear-cut chance of the match, but it's wasted by Newcastle! From Guimaraes' high ball to the back post, Burn's header back across goal is deflected into the path of Wilson. He looks to volley goalwards with Raya in no-man's land, but fires it straight over the bar from close range as the offside flag is raised!
Burn catches Saka very late indeed, and is very, very lucky to avoid a yellow card there after committing an earlier foul against the same player!
Trippier looks to pick out the run of Guimaraes into the box with a scooped pass over the top, but Nketiah is back there for Arsenal and heads the ball away!
Arsenal are unbeaten in their last 11 Premier League games, winning eight scoring 28 goals. All three of their draws have been 2-2 scorelines in London derbies over the course of this run.
Havertz absolutely flies in on Longstaff with a wild, unnecessary challenge, sparking a large-scale fracas between both sets of players and being shown a card which he's very fortunate is yellow rather than red!
Gordon's reaction to Havertz's challenge saw both teams pile into the melee, and the Newcastle winger is also shown a yellow card by the referee.
Longstaff was on the receiving end of that wild Havertz challenge, but his appeals to the referee also earn him a yellow card!
Schar's comments to the official are also received with distaste and a yellow card goes the way of the Newcastle defender, and a perplexing last few minutes certainly won't have earned referee Stuart Atwell many friends in Newcastle!
CHANCE!!! Trippier overlaps to latch onto Almiron's back-heel and whip in a cross. Wilson's glancing header is skewed out to Gordon, who can't get a shot away in time as Raya dives onto the loose ball!
Trippier is making his 150th Premier League starting appearance, 54 of which have been with Newcastle, 58 with Tottenham and 38 with Burnley.
Havertz's throughball almost puts Nketiah through on goal, but he's muscled off the ball by Lascelles in a legal and fair challenge!
Guimaraes finds a pocket of space on the edge of the box and lets fly, but drags his 20-yard shot a few yards wide of the target!
We'll play four additional minutes to close out a cagey first-half at St. James, and you get the feeling that a goal at either end could blow this game wide open!
SAVED!!! Martinelli skips past Trippier as he cuts inside off the left, but with options queuing up in the box the winger chooses to shoot and fires a tame shot straight into the gloves of Pope!
A late, and by the looks of it blatant, elbow to the back of Jorginho's head by Guimaraes has been missed by the referee, and VAR haven't intervened either. You can't help but feel that if the officials had seen that in real time, the Newcastle midfielder's match might be over...
Almiron and Trippier combine once more and the latter's cross leaves Raya stranded, but Saliba rises high to knock the ball away with a commanding defensive header!
HALF-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 0-0 ARSENAL.
Goalless at the break, as a first-half sparse with chances but high on drama comes to an end! Neither goalkeeper has really been tested, with Raya diffusing a close-range effort from Gordon and Martinelli shooting straight into the gloves of Pope. However, the cards began to flow with half-time approaching, particularly after a reckless lunge from Havertz. He was lucky to only pick up a yellow card, but the reactions of Gordon, Longstaff and Schar also earned the three Newcastle players bookings, while Guimaraes was lucky to avoid a sanction for a late elbow on Jorginho! It's not boiled over - yet - but a goal early in the second period could certainly see this edgy, tight match in the north east take an entirely different complexion.
On the front foot for much of that first half, Arsenal were still stunted in the final third by well-organised Newcastle defence. Nketiah had four touches in the box and contested nine duels but could only manage one off-target shot, while Martinelli created three chances and had the only effort on target in the opening 45 minutes. Let's hope the game opens up somewhat in the second half, and both sides' attackers come to the fore!
Burn comes off for the Magpies in the only half-time change to be made, and Tino Livramento's introduction will see Trippier shift from right-back to the left.
KICK-OFF: Longstaff resumes proceedings at St. James', kicking off the second period for the hosts in black and white!
Arsenal counter as Rice opens up space for Martinelli. He looks to beat Livramento around the outside, but the Newcastle substitute gets across well to shield the ball and prevents giving Arsenal a corner!
White hangs up a cross from the byline with Rice arriving late at the back post, but the midfielder can't get a clean connection on his header and Pope collects the ball with ease!
Newcastle are the first side to see three players booked for dissent and/or arguments in the first half of a Premier League game since then-champions Leicester City against Stoke City in December 2016.
Gordon is sent running in behind thanks to a fantastic Guimaraes throughball, but he refrains from shooting after cutting inside, and a poor pass back to Guimaraes sees Newcastle lose possession!
CHANCE!!! Newcastle break away at speed after Nketiah fails to get a shot away in their box. Great hold-up play from Wilson allows Almiron to latch onto the ball and surge through the middle before linking up with Gordon, but the winger again delays his shot and White makes a timely block! It's just not coming off in the final third at the moment for Newcastle!
A mis-kicked volley from Martinelli falls kindly for Havertz, but his shot from the edge of the area takes a deflection off Nketiah and Pope is able to collect.
Newcastle are unbeaten in all 17 of their Premier League home games when they've been level at half-time under Eddie Howe's tutelage, winning nine, drawing eight, and keeping a clean sheet in nine of their last 11 such matches.
An hour gone and still no goals, but there's certainly been no let-up in the intensity or the feeling going into some of these challenges. Guimaraes and Jorginho's continuing battle is certainly one to keep an eye on, while you get the feeling Havertz could be walking a tightrope too!
WIDE!!! Martinelli finds space to cross from the left and hangs the ball up towards the back post. Trippier nods it half-clear, but Rice follows in with a bullet header that whistles just wide of Pope's right-hand upright!
Newcastle make their next alterations of the second half, with Wilson withdrawn for Joe Willock in a change that will likely see Gordon move into the centre of their attack.
Almiron also comes off for the Magpies, but his replacement is very much like-for-like in the form of Jacob Murphy.
WIDE!!! Joelinton sets off on a barnstorming run forward, but loses possession on the edge of the box. Arsenal can't clear properly though and the ball falls to Murphy, who drills a low ball across the face of goal and wide!
GOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!! St. James' Park ERUPTS!!! Willock keeps Murphy's prior effort in play and crosses back into the middle, where Joelinton contests Raya for the ball. It ricochets on the goal-line, but Gordon's there to tap into an empty net and put the Magpies 1-0 up! The referee's had a word in his ear though, and we may not quite have heard the last of this one yet...
Joelinton undoubtedly rose and headed with the intention of scoring himself, but it instead bounced kindly to tee Gordon up for the simplest of finishes, which looks like it's put Newcastle 1-0 up here!
We're yet to restart as the VAR officials are checking almost every element of that passage of play, with questions over whether Willock kept the ball in play, Joelinton fouled Raya, and if Gordon was offside or not!
GOAL GIVEN!!! All three queries are cleared by VAR with insufficient evidence to overturn any of them, and Newcastle's fans get another chance to celebrate as their 1-0 lead is set in stone!
Anthony Gordon has now scored four goals in three successive Premier League seasons - 2021-22 and 2022-23 also - and after a slow start to his Magpies career, Gordon is now an integral part of this Newcastle side!
The onus is now on Arsenal to respond with a goal of their own, but coming up against the side with the second-best goal difference in the division, that won't be an easy task by any means!
Martinelli fires an Arsenal corner in towards the near post, but Murphy's flick sends the ball up, over and behind for another set-piece.
White comes off in Arsenal's first change of the match, with Tomiyasu shifting to right-back and Oleksandr Zinchenko entering the fray.
Newcastle have now scored in their last nine Premier League games, the last six in a row at home, and are unbeaten in their last five after going 1-0 up.
Arsenal have had a huge 89.2 per cent possession over the last 15 minutes, but have conceded to find themselves 1-0 down during that time!
Murphy pulls away from a challenge with Zinchenko with what looks like a pulled or dislocated shoulder, and there's no way he'll be able to carry on without getting that issue seen to quickly.
Last week's hat-trick hero Nketiah's hardly had a sniff this time around, and comes off now for Leandro Trossard in a change that could see Martinelli move into a central role.
Jorginho is also brought off late by Mikel Arteta, with Fabio Vieira on for the remainder of this unbelievably tight contest.
Murphy is sadly forced off just 16 minutes after coming on, and Matt Ritchie will replace the wideman for the last 10 or so minutes.
Nketiah is Arsenal’s highest scorer in the Premier League this season, with five goals from just seven shots on target. However, just one of his 19 goals overall in the competition has come north of London (v Burnley in May 2019), with all five strikes this season coming at the Emirates.
Ritchie and Gordon combine down the right as the latter sends a cross straight into the gloves of Raya, but the offside flag's up to give Arsenal a free-kick regardless.
As well as being the joint-highest goalscorers in the Premier League this season with 26 goals, Newcastle had the best shot conversion rate (18.6 per cent) and the second-highest expected goals total (22.1) in the competition prior to this game. Their singular goal from just two shots on target in this game suggest that this trend is set to continue for some time!
BLOCKED!!! A corner is played short and the ball eventually comes to Trossard on the edge of the box, but his right-footed effort is blocked by a double effort from Livramento and Lascelles!
Guimaraes shoves Vieira off the ball with a push to the face of the Arsenal midfielder, and is finally shown the yellow card he arguably should've picked up in the first half.
EIGHT additional minutes to play on the Tyne, and after the drama and fine margins we've already seen here, get ready for plenty more before the full-time whistle comes!
A wayward Livramento challenge makes contract with both the ball and Martinelli, taking the Arsenal winger down on the touchline and receiving a yellow card from the man in the middle.
A smart flick forward from Joelinton sends Gordon racing away down the right, but Arsenal are able to get back in numbers to prevent a cross, before the offside flag is raised for the goalscorer anyway!
Trossard's blocked effort just minutes ago was the only shot on target Arsenal have managed in the entire second half, and with stats like that it's no wonder they haven't been able to find a way back into this game!
Martinelli tees up Zinchenko to cross from the byline, but the substitute's drilled cut-back is intercepted and thumped clear by Lascelles. It's a real backs-to-the-wall job for Newcastle now!
After a free-kick is punched half-clear by Pope, Arsenal keep on coming back at Newcastle through Zinchenko. He tees up Trossard, but the Belgian's first-time shot takes a huge deflection and skews behind for a corner!
FULL-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 1-0 ARSENAL.
It's all over, and Newcastle hold out by the barest of margins to sneak to a 1-0 victory over Arsenal! A close-run, scrappy game was settled by an even scrappier goal, with Gordon's close-range tap-in requiring a five-minute VAR check before being given the green light. After both he and Murphy fluffed chances to score either side of Rice heading wide for Arsenal, Gordon's 63rd minute tap-in was a just reward for Newcastle, who improved significantly from a flat first-half performance. Arsenal piled on the pressure as they chased an equaliser, but couldn't test Pope in any meaningful way as the Magpies' defence held firm to condemn the Gunners to a first Premier League defeat of the season. Three points in a game that was far from black and white take Newcastle up two places into sixth, while Arsenal remain third having missed the chance to potentially go top of the table. They fail to close the gap on the top two, with arch-rivals Tottenham now the only side yet to lose a game in this season's top-flight.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Nottingham Forest and Aston Villa.
Forest beat Chelsea at the start of September to move up to ninth position in the Premier League but have since dropped to 16th after a six-game winless run. Despite only losing to Manchester City and Liverpool in that time, Steve Cooper will be disappointed that his side dropped points against early strugglers Burnley and Luton Town, with the two newly promoted clubs in the relegation zone. As a result, the Tricky Trees are just five points above the bottom three and will be hoping that they can turn their form around. They are unbeaten in their previous seven matches at the City Ground but will have to claim a rare win over Villa if they want to move up the table. Forest have only won one of their last 15 against them (drawing seven and losing seven), with their only victory in that run being a 2-1 home win in the Championship back in 2017.
Villa beat Luton 3-1 in their last outing to claim their 12th successive home win in the Premier League, strengthening their grip on fifth place. They have been victorious in five of their previous six top-flight matches since losing to Liverpool at Anfield, with their only draw in that run coming against Wolves. Many had thought Unai Emery's men would struggle to balance their domestic commitments with the relentless Europa Conference League schedule. However, their impressive run of form has seen them collect 22 points from their first 10 matches, their most since the 1998-99 season. If they can secure their eighth league win of the new campaign, they will temporarily move into third place, with Liverpool playing later today.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-3-3): Odysseas Vlachodimos; Harry Toffolo, Moussa Niakhate, Murillo, Ola Aina; Nicolas Dominguez, Orel Mangala, Ibrahim Sangare; Morgan Gibbs-White, Taiwo Awoniyi, Anthony Elanga.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Matt Turner, Nuno Tavares, Neco Williams, Cheikhou Kouyate, Andrey Santos, Ryan Yates, Serge Aurier, Danilo, Willy-Arnaud Boly.
ASTON VILLA (4-4-2): Emiliano Martinez; Matty Cash, Ezri Konsa, Pau Torres, Lucas Digne; John McGinn, Boubacar Kamara, Douglas Luiz, Nicolo Zaniolo; Moussa Diaby, Ollie Watkins.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Diego Carlos, Youri Tielemans, Bertrand Traore, Alex Moreno, Calum Chambers, Clement Lenglet, Robin Olsen, Leon Bailey, Leander Dendoncker.
Forest make three changes to the side that were thumped by Liverpool in their previous match. Cooper gives Vlachodimos his debut in goal, with Turner dropping onto the bench. Toffolo also comes into the team and replaces Aurier at full-back. The hosts switch from three centre-backs to two. Awoniyi returns from injury to make his first start since Forest’s 1-1 draw with Brentford in October. As a result, Boly misses out.
Villa start the same team that beat Luton 3-1 in their last outing. However, they welcome the return of Moreno, who makes the squad for the first time this season after a lengthy time away with a hamstring injury. He will battle with Digne for a place at left-back.
This game will be played one year since the weekend of Emery’s first Premier League game in charge of Villa, with the Villans winning 22 of their 35 games under him (drawing five and losing eight). It is more wins than the most recent two title-winning managers managed at their respective clubs in their first 35 games – 20 for Pep Guardiola at Man City and 16 for Jurgen Klopp at Liverpool. Both teams are now on the pitch and are ready to get the game started.
Forest get this Premier League clash under way.
Forest start the game brightly and Niakhate has the chance to launch the ball into the box from the left. Villa make the first contact before Gibbs-White heads it back in, but the away side eventually get it away.
WIDE! Awoniyi races down the left and plays the ball inside to Sangare. The former PSV lays it back to Dominguez, who lashes his first-time strike well wide of the target.
GOALLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM AINA! 1-0 FOREST! Elanga has been electric on the left and he brushes away the challenge from Cash before playing a pass back to Toffolo. He slides it across to Aina, who drives a low shot across the goal and into the bottom corner.
Toffolo has options in the middle of the box but spots the run of Aina and lays the ball back to the full-back. He has plenty of time to think about his strike, blasting his first-time effort past Martinez.
Forest lost three consecutive home Premier League matches in August and September 2022 but since then they have only suffered two defeats in 19 games at the City Ground (winning eight and drawing nine). Since the start of last October, only Manchester City and Liverpool (one each) have fewer home Premier League defeats than Forest (two).
Villa have not been able to get into the game in the opening exchanges. Cash is trying to make things happen down the right, but he is being forced back by Toffolo and Elanga, who are working well together.
Forest have kept a rigid defence shape since scoring and are not allowing Villa to play through them. The away side have kept possession well but are playing the ball around in front of the hosts. Torres then shows his frustrations with a long ball forward that is headed away with ease by Niakhate.
Digne does well to win a corner on the left of Aina. McGinn goes short to Luiz, who switches the ball onto his right foot before curling his cross over everyone and out for a goal-kick.
Gibbs-White has the ball on the right and skips past Digne, who fouls the Forest man and is lucky to get away without a yellow card. The cross into the box bounces around the edge of the box and Forest want a penalty for handball, but Torres gets it away.
CHANCE! Villa have their first shot of the game. Cash is up against Toffolo on the right. He cannot get past the left-back, but moves the ball onto his left foot and whips a cross into the box. Zaniolo is free in the middle, but he heads well over.
Elanga wins the ball well in Villa's half and drives inside with possession. He has Toffolo bursting forward to his left and options in the box. However, he tries to go past Luiz on the inside and is tackled.
OVER! Villa are slowly growing into this game. Zaniolo collects a throw-in from Digne and pokes the ball forward to Watkins. He lays it back to Luiz, who curls a cross over to Cash. He rushes inside from the right but shoots well over. The flag then goes up for offside against Watkins.
Torres sends a pass down the left to Digne, who rolls the ball into the feet of Zaniolo, who rushes towards the byline. He attempts to direct a cross into the heart of the box, but it goes straight into the gloves of Vlachodimos. A simple first save for the Premier League debutant.
Diaby has been surprisingly quiet in Villa’s attack so far. He has been in form since signing from Bayer Leverkusen in the summer, scoring three goals and contributing three assists. Only four French players have ever scored or assisted more goals in their first 10 games: Eric Cantona (nine), Dimitri Payet (eight), Laurent Robert (eight) and David Ginola (seven). He has only had four touches, with Watkins on two.
Digne gets away from Aina and has time to put a cross into the box from the left. He floats the ball into a dangerous area and Watkins is open, but Murillo gets his head on it to make a crucial clearance.
Aina does well to clear Cash's cross from the right over the bar. McGinn plays it short before getting it back from Cash, with the Scotland international curling it across to Digne. He takes a touch and blasts a low shot towards the goal that is blocked by Elanga.
Forest break with pace. Awoniyi displays some quick feet on the right and pokes a pass through to Gibbs-White, who switches the play to Elanga on the other side. He attempts to beat Kamara in the box, but the midfielder times his slide tackle to perfection.
Villa are having joy down the left. Aina has shown his ability on the attack but is struggling against Digne. The former Everton man rolls a pass into the path of Zaniolo, but he cannot get a touch on it sliding across. The ball hits Vlachodimos and rebounds off the Italian before going out.
Luiz's cross from left to right is floated across to Diaby inside the box, but his shot loops over the bar. Villa's attack is struggling to get going.
Awoniyi has been unselfish on his return from injury and is dropping deep to collect the midfield to the attack. This time he comes to collect a pass from Dominguez before sending a throughball into the path of Elanga, who should do better with it.
Since the start of last season, Forest have lost 10 of their 12 Premier League matches against sides starting the day in the top five of the division (winning one and drawing one). Their one such victory in this sequence was their 1-0 win over Arsenal in May.
SAVE! Diaby races forward on the counter after some neat Villa passes inside Forest's half. He slides a pass across to Zaniolo, who takes a heavy touch before driving a low shot towards the bottom corner. Vlachodimos is equal to it and blocks it out for a corner.
Villa are having a good spell in the game. Luiz sends an awkward corner into the box, but Vlachodimos punches it away. Forest push forward and force the ball all the way back to Martinez.
OVER! Forest should have their second goal of the game. Aina races down the right and pushes away Zaniolo, who is weak in the tackle and falls to the floor. He cuts the ball across to Dominguez, but he blasts a first-time shot well over.
Awoniyi is caught offside and Villa take a quick free-kick. Konsa spots the run of Watkins and directs a long pass into the path of the striker, but Niakhate heads the ball away. The Forest centre-back has been fantastic so far.
Forest have been able to deal with everything that Villa have thrown at them. Luiz is usually so effective with his inswinging corners, but he cannot find a team-mate and Murillo heads it away unchallenged.
There will be two minutes of additional time.
PENALTY SHOUT! Dominguez races down the right to get onto the end of a pass from Gibbs-White. He approaches the edge of the box and slides a pass across to Awoniyi, who is brought down. However, after a VAR check, the offside decision stands.
Since Emery's first game in charge of Villa (6 November 2022), they have provoked 148 offsides, 61 more than any other side in this period (Liverpool, 87).
ANOTHER PENALTY APPEAL! Villa want a spot-kick this time. Digne's cross is headed onto the arm of Toffolo by Cash, but nothing is given.
HALF-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 1-0 ASTON VILLA
Aina scored a stunning opener to give Forest a 1-0 lead at half-time. Elanga showed his speed to rush down the left before laying a pass back to Toffolo. He rolled the ball across to Aina, who drilled his low shot across the goal and into the bottom corner. Villa struggled to get going. Zaniolo had their best two chances to level, heading over Cash's cross before seeing a low effort directed wide by Forest goalkeeper Vlachodimos. The hosts looked threatening every time they went forward and should have doubled their advantage. Aina played a pass across to Domínguez, but he lashed his first-time strike well over.
Forest have been better than Villa all over the pitch. Elanga and Gibbs-White have been dangerous on the wings and are proving to be a threat every time they get forward. Awoniyi is supporting the attack unselfishly through the middle, with Niakhate imposing himself on Watkins. The centre-back has followed the England international across the pitch and is not letting him get on the ball. The striker has only had 10 touches. Digne and Cash are willing to get forward at every opportunity from their full-back positions, but Forest are dealing with every cross they put into the box.
Emery has seen enough and has decided to make a change before the restart. Zaniolo wasted a couple of chances in the first half and is replaced by Bailey on the left.
Villa get the ball rolling again.
SAVE! Fast start from Villa. Digne rushes inside from the left and sends a throughball down the left channel to Watkins. He takes a shot from a narrow angle that is saved by Vlachodimos.
GOALLL! MANGALA SCORES! 2-0 FOREST! Toffolo's cross from the left is kept alive by Awoniyi, who sends a short offload back to the left-back. It then goes out to Mangala, who blasts a right-footed shot towards the goal from the edge of the area. Martinez tries to push it away, but the ball goes up into the air and bounces just over the line.
Toffolo gets his second assist of the game with a smart pass to the edge of the box before Mangala's effort bundles through Martinez.
This is just the second time in 120 Premier League appearances for Villa that Martinez has conceded two or more goals from outside the box, and the first since November 2020 v Southampton (three).
Awoniyi is surrounded by defenders in the box but finds a way to poke a pass across to Dominguez. He gets a shot away, but it is tame and Martinez makes a simple save.
Bailey gets on the ball for the first time and darts down the right side of the box. He tries to cut inside but is crowded out by the Forest defence and gives away possession.
McGinn does well to keep an attack down the left alive after a loose pass from Digne, winning a corner. Luiz's inswinging cross is flicked on by Watkins, but nobody is there to attack it. Torres keeps the ball on the pitch. However, Forest come away with it.
CHANCE! Watkins holds up the ball well and offloads it to McGinn. He has the chance to play it down the left to Digne but chips a cross into the path of Watkins, who rushes into space. He is free and heads his shot well wide.
Villa are starting to get frustrated with the lack of chances that they are creating. They have dominated possession but are not creating many clear opportunities. Luiz strikes a shot from distance that is blocked with ease by Sangare.
Digne drives a smart pass inside to Diaby, who rolls a pass to Bailey inside the box. He attempts to curl a first-time shot across the goal and into the top corner, but it sails over.
Cash is holding his shoulder and is now coming off. Villa change their shape, with Tielemans making his regular appearance off the bench.
Villa have won just one of their last 54 Premier League matches in which they went in at half-time 0-1 down (drawing eight and losing 45). They had a good chance of turning the score in their favour when they were only losing by one, but Forest made it much more difficult with their second goal just a few minutes after the restart.
Awoniyi tries to get on the end of a long ball up the pitch and puts pressure on Torres, but the centre-back deals with it well.
Kamara is the first player to go into the book after a late tackle on Elanga.
Gibbs-White switches a free-kick from left to right, with Murillo taking the ball down well inside the box. However, there was a foul on Luiz and Villa have it back.
Digne is given space and time on the left, with the full-back whipping a cross into the middle of the box. Watkins tries to attack it, but Niakhate tracks the striker and clears it away.
SAVE! Luiz blasts a low cross into the box from the left, with Forest getting it away. However, Bailey collects it and fires a pass into the feet of Diaby, who switches the ball into his left foot before curling a low shot towards the corner. Vlachodimos watches it all the way and makes a simple save.
OVER! Villa are starting to load the box. Diaby cannot get a shot away and Bailey's hopeful cross is cleared away. Tielemans collects it on the edge but strikes a wild effort well over the target.
Toffolo has been brilliant on the left and makes his way off the pitch with two assists to his name. Aurier comes on in his place, with Aina moving over to the left.
Bailey and Diaby are working together on the right and win a corner after Murillo sends a loose pass behind. McGinn's corner is headed up into the air by Konsa, and the ball is allowed to drop inside the box before being smashed away.
Sangare's clearance goes into the air and Digne heads it back across before the boot of the midfielder hits the left-back. VAR check for a possible penalty, but nothing is given.
Villa are launching crosses into the box from the left and the right. This time Digne looks for options in the middle, but Bailey and Diaby get in the way of each other and the ball is headed wide.
Villa work the ball on the edge of the box. Diaby, Watkins and McGinn combine, with the latter of the three sending a pass out to Digne on the left. However, he sends a poor shot over the target.
Villa make a late change. Kamara has been one of their best players but is now coming off. Carlos takes his place.
Luiz swings a corner into the box, but his cross is poor. Aurier dives low to head it away. Forest are doing everything they can to keep a clean sheet. The hosts haven't had a shot in 30 minutes.
Awoniyi's first start on his return from injury is now over. Danilo, who was a star in Forest's fight against relegation last season, takes his place in the attack.
Gibbs-White chips a pass into the path of Danilo, who battles well to win the ball inside Villa's box. However, he is caught offside in his first involvement in the match.
CHANCE! Carlos loops the ball forward and Digne heads it down. McGinn whips a cross into the box and Diaby has the chance to get a shot away, but attempts to play a pass across to Watkins and the chance is gone.
Aina scored the first goal of the game and is now coming off after an energetic performance at full-back. Williams is on.
Luiz is usually influential in this Villa side but has been nullified by Forest. He is replaced in the midfield by Dendoncker.
Forest add a pair of fresh legs into the midfield. Yates comes on for Dominguez.
Danilo kicks the ball away after being caught offside and is shown a yellow card.
Diaby races through the heart of the pitch and lays a pass down the right to Bailey. He has possession inside the box and attempts to cut inside but is tackled. He has always looked to switch the ball onto his left foot, allowing the Forest defence to predict what he is going to do.
There will be six minutes of additional time.
Before today, Villa had only failed to score in one of their last 13 Premier League matches. They have not been able to create many clear chances, with Niakhate and Murillo stopping Watkins from scoring at every opportunity.
Konsa strolls forward with possession before sending the ball down the right to Bailey. He moves inside and looks to send a reverse pass out to Diaby, but Williams makes a good interception.
Tielemans catches Forest out with a free-kick, switching the ball over to Digne in the box, with the left-back completely free. However, Villa cannot create a scoring chance and lose possession. Elanga comes away with it, but Diaby makes a phenomenal recovery run to win it back.
FULL-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 2-0 ASTON VILLA
Forest's six-game winless run ends with an impressive 2-0 win over Villa at the City Ground. The hosts started quickly with a magnificent goal from Aina inside five minutes. Elanga darted down the left before playing back to Toffolo, who found his full-back partner with a pass across the edge of the box. Aina then blasted a low first-time strike across the goal and into the net. Zaniolo failed to convert two chances, with Forest going close to a second. Aina found Dominguez, but he lashed his effort well over. Watkins forced Vlachodimos into a good save after the restart, but it was Cooper's side that doubled their advantage. Martinez got his hand on Mangala's powerful strike, but the ball bounced over the line before he could keep it out on the second attempt. Villa pushed for a goal back but couldn't find one. Watkins and Bailey both missed the target, with Diaby curling a tame shot into the gloves of Vlachodimos. Next up, Forest travel to West Ham in the Premier League. As for Villa, they host AZ in the Europa Conference League before welcoming Fulham in the top flight. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Sheffield United and Wolves at Bramall Lane.
The Blades are at the bottom of the Premier League table and have only collected one point from their opening 10 matches. Since drawing with Everton at the start of September, Paul Heckingbottom’s side have lost their last six fixtures, conceding 22 goals. Their poor run of results includes an 8-0 loss against Newcastle United and a 5-0 thumping versus Arsenal in their previous outing, with Eddie Nketiah netting a hat-trick. As a result, United are already five points behind 17th-placed Bournemouth. The hosts will be looking to get their first win on the board but will have to improve their recent league form against Wolves. The Blades have lost three of their last five against them at Bramall Lane, as many as they had in their previous 22 meetings (winning 10 and drawing nine).
Wolves are one of the teams in form in the Premier League and are unbeaten in their last five matches. In that time, Gary O’Neil’s men handed Manchester City their first defeat of the season and came from behind to beat Bournemouth. Additionally, they earned hard-fought draws against Luton Town, Aston Villa and Newcastle United. Hwang Hee-chan scored their second against the Magpies in a 2-2 draw last time out, with the South Korea international netting for the sixth consecutive league game at the Molineux. Some had predicted Wolves to be battling against relegation this season, but they have defied early expectations and are sitting comfortably in 12th place, seven points ahead of the bottom three.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-5-2): Wes Foderingham; George Baldock, Auston Trusty, Jack Robinson; Jayden Bogle, Vinicius Souza, Oliver Norwood, Gustavo Hamer, Luke Thomas; Rhian Brewster, Cameron Archer.
SHEFFIELD UNITED SUBS: John Fleck, Benie Traore, Ben Osborn, Anis Ben Slimane, Yasser Larouci, James McAtee, William Osula, Andre Brooks, Jordan Amissah.
WOLVES (3-4-2-1): Jose Sa; Maximilian Kilman, Craig Dawson, Toti Gomes; Nelson Semedo, Mario Lemina, Tommy Doyle, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Matheus Cunha, Hwang Hee-Chan; Sasa Kalajdzic.
WOLVES SUBS: Matt Doherty, Santiago Bueno, Boubacar Traore, Joao Gomes, Fabio Silva, Jonny Otto, Pablo Sarabia, Dan Bentley, Jean-Ricner Bellegarde.
United make two changes to the side that were thrashed by Arsenal in their previous match. Baldock returns from injury and starts his first game in two months after coming off the bench against the Gunners. He replaces Slimane. As a result, the hosts move from two centre-backs to three, with Bogle and Thomas pushing up the pitch on the wings. Archer starts in the attack and comes in for McAtee, who drops onto the bench.
Wolves make two alterations to the team that drew with Newcastle. Pedro Neto misses out after injuring his hamstring against the Magpies. Kalajdzic starts up front, with Hwang and Cunha supporting him on either side. The away team also change their structure to a back three, with Gomes moving into centre-back. As a result, Ait-Nouri and Semedo move further up to give the away side width. Doyle is picked ahead of Traore in a straight swap in the midfield.
Wolves won their last two league meetings with United in the 2020-21 season, last winning more consecutively against the Blades between 1954 and 1955 (four). Ahead of Remembrance Sunday next weekend, there is a minute's silence.
United get this Premier League clash under way. Hamer with the first pass.
United manager Heckingbottom will be hoping that goalkeeper Foderingham can put in a good display after a difficult start to the season. He has conceded 29 goals in his 10 Premier League starts this season, with only Mark Travers (31) and David Watson (30) conceding more across their first 10 starts in the competition. He’s also conceded two or more goals in his last nine games, with Sergio Rico the last goalkeeper to do so in more consecutive starts (13 between January and April 2019 for Fulham).
CHANCE! Cunha breaks away down the right and gets away from Robinson, who cannot catch him. The Wolves man then slides the ball across the box looking for Kalajdzic, but he does not make the run. Cunha is not happy with his team-mate and is showing his displeasure.
United have attempted to retain possession in their half, but when they are pressed by the Wolves attack they clear the ball up the pitch. Archer tries to battle against Dawson and Kilman but is beaten by their physicality.
Wolves have a free-kick on the left and Doyle is over it. His whipped cross goes over the head of Kalajdzic and is attacked by Lemina, but the midfielder is well offside and the flag goes up.
Lemina makes a late tackle in Wolves' half, allowing United to put the ball into the box. Hamer's curling cross is headed away by Kilman before being cleared up the pitch by Kalajdzic.
Wolves attack down the right for a second time. Semedo bursts into the space ahead of him and plays a quick one-two with Hwang on the edge of the box. The Portugal international then slices a first-time effort high and wide of the target.
Archer has the chance to start an attack after a poor Wolves throw-in inside their half. He combines with Hamer before getting the ball back from the midfielder but looks for him one too many times. His pass towards the former Coventry City man is poor and Lemina makes an interception.
Foderingham has made a couple of poor clearances in this game. This time he sends the ball straight out for a throw-in after being put under pressure by Semedo. Neither side have been able to retain possession for long periods and look rushed on the ball.
Hwang battles for the ball down the right and wins the first corner of the game. However, the cross into the heart of the box is cleared away. Archer attempts to hold it up, but Wolves have it back. The United striker needs more support in the attack as he is looking isolated.
Hamer has possession on the right and rushes inside. He is chased by three players but holds onto the ball before offloading it to Brewster on the edge of the box. He attempts to slide it through to Thomas, but he puts too much on it and Wolves have a goal-kick.
United are having a strong couple of minutes and are putting Wolves under pressure. The hosts put a couple of crosses into the box, but they are dealt with well. O'Neil's side are protecting their box with a low block when defending.
The first yellow card of the game goes to Baldock after he pulls back Kalajdzic down the wing.
Doyle is over a free-kick on the left. He puts a mixer of height and pace on the cross, with Foderingham rushing off his line to punch it away. He goes through team-mate Trusty, who stays down for a short period before returning to his feet.
SAVE! Hwang plays a delightful one-two with Kalajdzic, who drops deep to connect the Wolves attack. The South Korea international rushes into the space and slides a throughball into Cunha down the right of the box. He takes a shot that is pushed over the bar by Foderingham.
United are giving away a lot of free-kick inside their half and are putting themselves under pressure. This time Hamer pulls Hwang, allowing Dawson and Kilman to get forward.
Doyle has put in a couple of good free-kicks into the box but goes for a shot from distance. However, he strikes the ball well over the goal. The United fans cheer as it goes out.
The sixth free-kick of the game goes to United, who have the ball on the right side of the pitch. Thomas runs over it before Hamer whips a cross into the box, but it is headed away by the Wolves defence.
United will be fearing the worst after their poor start to the season and need to turn their form around quickly if they want to avoid an immediate return to the Championship. They are only the fourth team in English top-flight history with one point or fewer in their opening 10 games of a season, along with Man Utd in 1930-31 (zero), West Brom in 1985-86 (one) and the Blades themselves in 2020-21 (one), all of whom went on to finish bottom of the table.
WIDE! What an opportunity for Wolves to take the lead. The away side take a quick free-kick and Kalajdzic chips the ball over to Hwang. He is inside the box and beats a defender before scuffing his shot. The ball rolls over to Ait-Nouri, but he cannot turn his shot towards the goal.
Trusty brings the ball down well inside Wolves' half and has options to his left and right. He could slide a pass down the wing to Thomas but decides to send a cross towards the back of the box with Bogle running in. However, he sends it straight out for a goal-kick. Bogle jumps in the air in frustration before returning to his position.
Kalajdzic is doing well to drop deep and pass the ball around. This time he plays a couple of quick passes with Cunha before the away side lose possession. However, Norwood cannot keep hold of it and sends a clearance up the pitch.
Wolves are starting to put pressure on United's defence. This time the ball drops to Ait-Nouri, who has a chance to shoot on the edge of the box. However, he looks for Doyle to his left but cannot find him.
Kilman has not had a lot to do on his 100th Premier League appearance. He attempts to start an attack and chips a pass up to Kalajdzic, who flicks a header towards Semedo. He tries to get it under control but Souza gets across to make a good tackle.
CHANCE! Wolves squander another chance to shoot. Dawson finds Cunha with a direct ball forward. He holds it up well before playing a smart pass into the path of Semedo. He has the opportunity to shoot inside the box, but looks for Kalajdzic to his left and United clear it away.
Toti and Brewster get into a battle on the right, with the latter going down with an injury after barging into the United man. The medical staff are on the pitch. Brewster thought he should have had a penalty moments before after a tackle from Toti and was taking his frustrations out.
There will be two minutes of additional time.
Brewster is able to walk off the pitch despite picking up an injury moments ago. He is replaced by McAtee, who will play the last couple of minutes before half-time.
HALF-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-0 WOLVES
There has only been one shot on target in the game between United and Wolves that ends goalless at half-time. The away side threatened more in the attack and had most of the chances. Kalajdzic and Hwang combined, with the latter moving past a defender inside the box before his scuffed attempt found Ait-Nouri. However, he couldn't direct his shot on target. Doyle blasted a free-kick over and Semedo squandered a clear shooting chance after good work from Cunha, with his pass across the box cleared away.
United struggled to get going in the attack before the break, with their only shot of the half valued at 0.01 expected goals (xG). Hamer had a few bright runs forward and put a couple of good free-kicks into the box, but the hosts have not been able to compete with the height and physicality of Wolves' defence. Archer has looked isolated up front and has not been able to get into the game. As for the away side, they have put some nice attacking moves together. Kalajdzic has been unselfish and is dropping deep to create space in behind, with Hwang looking dangerous when he is in possession.
Wolves get the ball rolling again. No changes at the break. However, McAtee came on just before half-time and will want to make an impression.
OVER! Bright start for United. Hamer makes a surging run forward before sliding a pass down the left to Archer. He comes inside and whips a shot across the goal and towards the top corner, but it goes just over.
Sa gives the ball straight to Hamer, who tricks his way down the left before playing a pass across the box. However, Wolves clear it away and Sa can breathe a sigh of relief.
The Blades keep the pressure on. Bogle curls a pass down the right and McAtee. He cuts inside and is brought down by Dawson, who goes into the book.
Hamer and McAtee are over the free-kick. The latter takes but curls his shot across the goal and well over the target. United have already had more shots in this half than they did in the first.
United have their first corner of the game and Norwood plays it short. The hosts work it to the edge of the box, with Hamer touching it out of his feet before blasting his effort off target.
The home fans are now bringing the noise, with Robinson's throw-in deflecting out for a corner off Kalajdzic. Hamer takes it, but Wolves clear it away.
McAtee bursts forward and has a chance to shoot, but looks to roll a pass down the left to Archer. However, he isn't expecting the pass and Kilman looks to clear it away.
There should be no surprise that Wolves have found it difficult in front of goal today, with the away side missing key man Neto. He has provided one goal and six assists this season but came off with an injury against Newcastle. Wolves looked bright before the break but have not offered anything since the restart.
Bogle uses his pace to push the ball past Doyle before rushing around the other way. Doyle brings him down on the edge of the box and is shown a yellow card.
Hamer and McAtee are over a free-kick again, with the ball positioned on the corner of the box. McAtee runs over it and Hamer chips it into the box, but his cross is poor and Sa comes out to make a simple catch.
O'Neil makes his first change of the game. Kalajdzic has scored two goals off the bench but is making his way off this time. Bellegarde makes his return and replaces the striker. Cunha will now lead the line.
McAtee has made a serious difference in United's attack with his direct runs in Wolves' half. This time he skips past Dawson down the left and flashes a cross into the box, but it is cleared away by Gomes.
Hamer switches the play over to the left, with McAtee coming inside before dropping the ball off to Norwood. He rushes onto the end of the pass and curls his first-time strike well over.
Wolves are unbeaten in their last five Premier League matches (winning two and drawing three), last enjoying a longer unbeaten run between February and June 2020 (eight in a row). They were in control before the break but have struggled to get going since the restart.
Doyle is over a free-kick and curls it into the box, but Robinson heads it away. Dawson then pushes a United man in the back and gives away a needless free-kick.
Doyle put a couple of good free-kicks into the box before the break but is coming off with a yellow card to his name. He started ahead of Traore but is now being replaced by the midfielder.
GOALLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM ARCHER! 1-0 UNITED! What a moment for the hosts! Toti tries to clear the ball away but pokes the ball against McAtee. Archer races onto the loose ball and crashes a shot from the edge of the box off the bar and into the net.
McAtee has been brilliant since coming on. He battles for the ball on the left and blocks Toti's clearance. The ball spins into the path of Archer, who finishes emphatically.
The job is far from done for United. Wolves have avoided defeat in their last two Premier League matches despite falling behind in both (winning one and drawing one) – they had lost 12 of their previous 13 games when going behind in games before this (drawing one).
Wolves' had some bright moments before the break, but they have not had a shot since the restart. They had a slow start to the half and have not been able to recover.
Lemina does brilliantly well to turn past Norwood and bursts into United's half. He has options ahead of him, but Souza makes a fantastic recovery tackle to win possession.
VAR CHECK! Robinson and Cunha get into a battle down the left, with the latter of the two clearing the ball away. Cunha falls on the United defender, who kicks out at him. There is not a lot of contact, but there is a VAR check. However, the game is allowed to continue.
Wolves add an extra attacker to the mix. Silva has not scored for the away side but comes on for Toti.
Silva goes into the book 37 seconds after coming on after jumping into the back of Baldock.
McAtee rides a tackle from Dawson inside the box before finding Archer with a pass. He goes back to Bogle, who sees his shot deflect behind. There is a short VAR check for a possible penalty after the ball strikes the arm of Dawson, but nothing is given. That would have been extremely harsh.
O'Neil will be hoping that Silva can make the difference as 30.7 per cent of Wolves’ Premier League goals this season have been scored by substitutes (four out of their 13), the highest ratio in the division.
CHANCE! Bellegarde swings a corner into the box and Lemina jumps the highest to attack it. His header is heading towards the goal, but United clear it away.
Dawson slides a smart pass through to Silva, who flicks the ball inside to Hwang before rushing down the left. However, his pass is poor and United clear it away.
Hamer goes into the book for dissent.
GOALLLLL! WOLVES SCORE! 1-1! United fail to clear the ball away inside the box. Bellegarde is in possession inside the box and spins onto his right foot. His curling effort takes a deflection on the way through and beats Foderingham.
Hwang has been quiet in the half but gets an assist to his name. He pokes the ball back to  Bellegarde, who moves the ball onto his right foot before scoring.
United wanted to take Hamer off before Wolves scored the equalizer. He is now being replaced by Osborn.
There will be six minutes of additional time.
CHANCE! Cunha strolls forward with the ball on the right and floats a cross into the middle of the box. Silva is free in the middle but heads the ball wide of the target. The flag goes up for offside, but it was very tight.
Norwood collects possession on the left and curls a cross towards the back of the box. Bogle rushes around a defender but heads it wide from a tight angle.
PENALTY SHOUT! McAtee's shot from inside the box deflects off the body of Lemina and onto his arm. There is a short VAR check for a penalty, but nothing is given.
PENALTY UNITED! Baldock has the ball inside the box and protects it from Silva, who is behind him. The striker kicks the bag of his leg and concedes a penalty. After a long VAR check, a penalty is given. O'Neil is not happy.
GOALLLL! NORWOOD SCORES THE WINNER! 2-1 UNITED! The crowd erupts as soon as the ball hits the back of the net. Norwood is over the spot-kick and blasts his penalty off the bar and into the net. What a strike under pressure from the captain. Silva conceded the penalty and is inconsolable.
FULL-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 2-1 WOLVES
Norwood scored a penalty in the 100th minute to help United to their first Premier League win of the season. There was only one shot on target before the break, with Cunha seeing his effort pushed over by Foderingham before the game burst into life. United struggled to get into the match in the first half but started the second well, with Archer curling a shot just over the bar. The former Aston Villa man then broke the deadlock. Toti's clearance was blocked by substitute McAtee, with the ball rolling into the path of Archer. He rushed away from a few defenders and blasted his shot off the bar and into the net. Lemina had a header blocked before Bellegarde netted his first Premier League goal. United couldn't clear the ball away, with the Frenchman's swivelling strike deflecting past the goalkeeper. Wolves were pushing for a winner. However, it was the hosts who claimed all three points. Silva fouled Baldock in the box with seconds remaining. Captain Norwood took responsibility and crashed his spot-kick off the bar and in. Next up, United travel to Brighton in the league, with Wolves hosting Tottenham. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Tottenham and Chelsea at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
It has been an incredible start to life under Ange Postecoglou for Spurs, with this weekend's results meaning they remain the only Premier League side yet to lose a game this season. That will be put to the test here in a London derby against a fierce rival, but they know a win will take them back to the Premier League summit and give them a two-point lead over reigning champions Manchester City.
Mauricio Pochettino used to be a hero for Spurs fans, leading their team to the Champions League final in the 2018-19 season, but he returns to his former club here as head coach of rivals Chelsea and could be in for a warm reception from the home crowd. His new charges are underperforming in the league table, currently 13th, though an upset win here would take them back into the top half.
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Destiny Udogie; Yves Bissouma, Pape Sarr; Dejan Kulusevski, James Maddison, Brennan Johnson; Son Heung-min.
SUBS: Giovani Lo Celso, Rodrigo Bentancur, Oliver Skipp, Richarlison, Emerson, Bryan Gil, Fraser Forster, Eric Dier, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Robert Sanchez; Reece James, Axel Disasi, Thiago Silva, Levi Colwill; Moises Caicedo, Enzo Fernandez; Cole Palmer, Conor Gallagher, Raheem Sterling; Nicolas Jackson.
SUBS: Malo Gusto, Chimuanya Ugochukwu, Marc Cucurella, Deivid Washington, Benoit Badiashile, Noni Madueke, Ian Maatsen, Dorde Petrovic, Mykhailo Mudryk.
Postecoglou makes two changes from the 2-1 win at Crystal Palace last time out as Johnson is preferred to Richarlison on the left wing while Udogie returns from injury for Ben Davies, who is missing from the squad altogether with an ankle knock. Manor Solomon and Ivan Perisic are both long-term absentees with knee injuries, and while Ryan Sessegnon is expected back in November, this game comes too soon for him.
Pochettino goes with four alterations from the 2-0 EFL Cup home victory over Championship side Blackburn Rovers last week, with Silva and Colwill coming into the back four for Badiashile and Cucurella while Caicedo replaces Ugochukwu in midfield. James starts in the Premier League for the first time since the draw with Liverpool on the opening weekend of the season, while Jackson will lead the line, looking to end a run of three games without a goal.
The two teams enter the pitch in front of a vociferous home crowd at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
The visitors kick us off and we are under way! Can the hosts keep up their unbeaten start? We will find out over the next 90 minutes.
The game has started at a great intensity, with hefty challenges already going in. Maddison has just been cleared out by Caicedo, and Pochettino will not mind that as his team try to stamp their authority on the match, as long as it does not spill over.
Sarr fires a throughball into the path of Son, but his shot from a difficult angle is saved before a delayed flag goes up for offside.
GOAL!!! KULUSEVKI PUTS SPURS IN FRONT!!! What a start for the hosts as they take the lead after just six minutes! It all comes from Maddison's sweeping pass which sets his team away. It picks out Sarr, who then lays it to his right for Kulusevski. The winger cuts onto his left foot before firing goalwards, and he receives a huge slice of luck as the ball deflects off Colwill, wrongfooting Sanchez and flying in. Postecoglou's men are 1-0 up!
Sarr ran onto Maddison's excellent pass and then played the ball into the path of Kulusevski, who fired home via a deflection.
Spurs smell blood and go searching for a quick second goal, though Sanchez is just about able to hold onto Porro's dipping long-range effort.
This is a huge challenge now for Pochettino's young side. They are right up against it, and may just need to survive these next 10 minutes before looking for a way back into the contest.
SAVE! Maddison inexplicably gives the ball away under very little pressure, and Sterling puts Jackson in on goal. The striker hesitates but manages to cut back and find the space to shoot, and his effort looks like it will fly into the bottom corner, until Vicario gets down to his left and palms it behind for a corner.
NO GOAL! Another sweeping move from Spurs carves Chelsea open with a series of perfectly weighted passes. Bissouma finds Johnson out wide, and he fires in an early cross to pick out Son in the middle. The forward takes it first time, perhaps catching Sanchez out, and the shot flies past the Chelsea goalkeeper and in. It is a brilliant attack, but the flag goes up for offside, though there will be a VAR check...
IT REMAINS 1-0! It is very tight, but Son is just about offside and the goal will not count. That is a shame as it was a lovely move and finish from Spurs and Son.
Spurs are a delight to watch. Every player is comfortable in possession and they seem to effortlessly slice through their opposition. Chelsea look a little stunned.
Udogie receives the first booking of the match for a nasty challenge on Sterling. He seemed to go in with two feet, but while there is a VAR check, the decision is to stay with a yellow card. He is a lucky boy, and so is Sterling, who could have been in real trouble there if Udogie had fully caught him.
Each of Kulusevski's last two Premier League goals have come at home, after just one of his first eight in the competition had been at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
GOAL!!! STERLING LEVELS FOR CHELSEA!!! They have been under a lot of pressure in these early exchanges, but the persistence of Sterling means they have equalised. He picks up the ball and carries it into the Spurs box, and receives a big slice of luck as his shot is blocked back into his path. He brings it down again before finishing, making it 1-1, though there is a VAR review as it seems to hit his arm...
NO GOAL!!! Spurs are very fortunate, as the replays show the ball flicks back up onto Sterling's arm before he finishes, and the goal is ruled out. Spurs' 1-0 lead remains intact!
Amid all the chaos surrounding the ruled-out Chelsea equaliser, Romero also survived a VAR check that looked to find out whether his petulant kick out at Colwill was worthy of a red card. He is very fortunate.
GOAL!!! CAICEDO LEVELS WITH A STUNNER!!! A penalty shout falls on defeat ears before the ball finds its way out to Caicedo outside the box. The former Brighton man smashes goalwards first time, and his shot is superb as it flies past Vicario and into the back of the net. However, the flag goes up for offside, and there will be a VAR check to ascertain whether Jackson was offside and blocking Vicario's view...
NO GOAL!!! The VAR rules that Jackson was indeed offside and blocking Vicario's view. However, there is yet another VAR check to see whether a Romero challenge in the build-up to the disallowed goal is worthy of a penalty, and even a red card!
IS THIS A PENALTY AND A RED CARD!?!? The replays show that Romero's challenge on Fernandez in the penalty area is a poor one, catching the Chelsea man high on the leg with his follow-through. He may have to go here.
ROMERO IS OFF!!! The VAR and on-field referee Michael Oliver decide that Romero's challenge is not only enough to award a penalty, but also see the defender given his marching orders with a straight red card. It was a poor challenge and could have caused his international team-mate a real problem.
Looking to shore things up after Romero's dismissal, Postecoglou sacrifices Johnson for Dier.
GOAL!!! PALMER MAKES NO MISTAKE!!! The youngster is usually so good from the spot, but he is fortunate this time as Vicario reaches his powerful effort towards the bottom right corner. The Spurs goalkeeper gets a decent hand to it, tipping the ball onto the post, but it comes off the wrong side of the woodwork for Spurs as it deflects off the frame of the goal and in. After all of that drama, it is 1-1 at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium!
The ball is in the net again as Sterling squares for Jackson to finish, though the former Manchester City man was offside in the build-up and the flag goes up to curtail the celebrations.
All three of Palmer's goals in the Premier League have been penalties, coming in his last four appearances in the competition.
Spurs have completely lost their heads here, having been in almost complete control at 1-0 up. Postecoglou now sees yellow for getting too vocal on the touchline.
Maddison is down and looks in serious pain having gone down under no contact.
This is unbelievable for Spurs. Maddison seems to be okay and looks like he will try to carry on, but with the relief not even having had the time to sink in from that incident, they receive a huge blow as Van de Ven seemingly pulls his hamstring while racing with Jackson after a long ball.
Van de Ven limps off for Hojbjerg. If that is a torn hamstring, Spurs fans will not be seeing Van de Ven for a fair while, and with Romero now suspended for three games, Postecoglou will have a real problem at centre-back.
They will take no risks with Maddison either, as he makes way for Emerson Royal. We are into 12 minutes of added time at the end of this first half.
Chelsea are catching this high Spurs line out with throughballs seemingly at will. The hosts certainly take risks under Postecoglou, but this is just madness with 10 men.
Spurs are yet to lose in the seven previous games in which they have scored the opening goal in the Premier League this season, but that record could be under serious threat if they do not tighten up at the back here.
Chelsea want another penalty as Sterling takes the ball past Porro before going to ground, eliciting a furious response from the Spurs right-back, who believes the winger has dived. The referee decides not to award a penalty, or a yellow card for simulation.
Jackson goes in the book for cynically bringing down Sarr as Spurs looked to counter.
After that Jackson foul, Colwill and Sarr got into a bit of a scuffle. The Spurs man sees yellow.
Colwill is also booked for his part in the melee.
Yet another VAR check looks into whether James has elbowed Udogie as the two compete for an aerial ball, and while the Chelsea captain's arm is unnecessarily high, the right-back survives without seeing red.
HALF-TIME: TOTTENHAM 1-1 CHELSEA
The half-time whistle blows to bring a quite unbelievable first half to an end, with both head coaches surely relieved to get their teams back into the changing rooms. The score is 1-1, with Spurs taking the lead after just six minutes as Kulusevski's shot deflected in, but though the visitors looked like they could get blown away, they responded well and received some much-needed help from the undisciplined hosts. Romero had already been fortunate not to see red when he petulantly kicked out at Colwill, and he again lost his self-control when he scythed through Fernandez in the Spurs box. Caicedo's goal seconds after was ruled out for offside, but a VAR review spotted Romero's infringement and awarded a spot-kick before also sending Romero off. Palmer squeezed his penalty in despite the best efforts of Vicario, and though both sets of players were involved in a scuffle before the interval before James survived a VAR check for a red card, the teams made it into the break at 1-1.
It has been quite the meltdown from Spurs, who seemed to be in complete control at 1-0 up, but a combination of bad luck and ill-discipline mean they may have a job on their hands just to come away with a draw. After such a frantic first half, surely the pace has to slow a little after the interval, and that will suit the hosts and their 10 men. Chelsea, on the other hand, will look to stretch the pitch and take advantage late in proceedings.
Colwill was booked in that fracas before half-time, and Pochettino is taking no risks of his own team going down to 10 men as he takes off the 20-year-old at the interval. Cucurella is on in his place.
The hosts get the ball rolling again for the second half.
Palmer receives the ball just outside the box, gets it out of his feet and pulls the trigger. His effort is poor in the end, though, and flies well wide.
Five cards were shown in the first half (four yellows, one red), the joint-most in the first half of a Premier League game this season after Aston Villa vs Everton, Burnley vs Chelsea and West Ham vs Chelsea.
Sterling cuts in from the left and shoots from outside the box, though Bissouma's block takes the sting out of the drive and it loops safely into the hands of Vicario.
The first half went on for 56 minutes and 26 seconds, but it was so chaotic that just 23 minutes and 21 seconds of that saw the ball in play.
UDOGIE IS OFF!!! Chelsea break and have a three on two, but Sterling's pass to his right for Palmer is weak and flicked away by Udogie. The ball is running loose, and as Udogie and Sterling challenge for the ball, the full-back scythes down the Chelsea man, giving the referee no choice but to dig out the second yellow and then a red. Spurs are down to nine men!
WHAT A MISS! A free-kick routine sees James set away down the right. The right-back digs a cross out, and Jackson is waiting in the middle only a couple of yards out. It seems he cannot miss, but his header down into the ground gives Hojbjerg a chance and the substitute manages to hook it over the bar.
Fernandez won the penalty that levelled this game, but now makes way for Mudryk. His pace could prove a real asset in the latter stages with Spurs' depleted numbers.
Their team are severely outnumbered, but the home fans are responding to their side as they fight to stay in the game. The pressure is all on Chelsea now to kick on and find a winner in the final half an hour.
James brings down a lofted diagonal ball before lashing goalwards, though his low shot flies wide of the target from a difficult angle.
Kulusevki's goal to put Spurs ahead seems an age ago now with all that has happened since. He makes way for Skipp as Postecoglou looks to shore things up.
No player had created more chances for Spurs than Sarr's two, but he now trudges off for Bentancur.
Of the 11 Spurs players that started this game, only four now remain on the field, a quite remarkable statistic.
It is all Chelsea now as they look to move the ball and stretch this undermanned Spurs team. The hosts are so far surviving, though.
UNBELIEVABLE SAVE!!! Spurs continue to live dangerously with this high line, and James lofts a ball over the top for Cucurella. The substitute is in on goal and cuts back onto his right foot before shooting, but Vicario races out of his goal to close the space and make the stop!
Vicario seemed to take that Cucurella strike square in the face, and though he initially gets up and carries on, he finally goes down to receive some treatment.
Vicario eventually gets back to his feet and the game has resumed. You suspect the Spurs goalkeeper still has a fair bit of work to do if his team are to keep their unbeaten run alive.
Chelsea are a young side and are looking really naive at the moment. They just cannot find a way to get past this Spurs defence, despite their numerical advantage.
GOAL!!! JACKSON MAKES IT 2-1!!! Finally Chelsea find a way through as James catches out the high Spurs line with a neat throughball. Sterling races onto it, takes it into the hosts; box before playing a perfectly weighted squared pass for Jackson, who makes no mistake with the finish as he fires past Vicario to put the visitors ahead!
Sterling's pass across the face of goal was duly finished by Jackson.
Having played some more valuable minutes under his belt after returning from injury, James comes off for Gusto.
NO GOAL! A diagonal free-kick delivery is nodded on by a combination of Bentancur and Silva, reaching Dier at the back post. The defender catches his first-time volley very sweetly and sends it crashing into the top corner, but the flag goes up for offside and the goal will not count. There will be a VAR check, though...
IT REMAINS 2-1 TO CHELSEA! The replays show that though it was tighter than it first seemed, Dier is indeed just about offside and the goal remains disallowed, much to the visitors' relief.
All three of Jackson's goals in the Premier League have either been in the 74th minute (one) or 75th minute (two).
Five minutes left at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, and the hosts' unbeaten start is in serious peril. That Dier disallowed goal will have given them hope, though, of finding an unlikely leveller.
Gusto foolishly takes out Emerson Royal, who was going nowhere and was looking for his Chelsea counterpart to foul him. The Frenchman fell for it, and the hosts will have a free-kick in a great crossing position.
WHAT A CHANCE! After Gusto naively gave the foul away, Bentancur is alert to meet the whipped free-kick delivery from the left. He is only a couple of yards out, but his header flies wide of the right post.
Mudryk and Vicario come together as both look to race onto a long ball. The Spurs man got there first, and the Chelsea winger does seem to leave a bit on the goalkeeper, though he only receives a booking. A subsequent VAR check confirms the challenge was not worthy of a red card.
Sterling has been very lively for Chelsea but is now replaced by Ugochukwu, as we move into nine minutes of additional time.
Spurs are going to give this a go in the final minutes despite their numerical disadvantage. Chelsea have looked far from comfortable, and Pochettino will be nervous.
CHANCE! Spurs catch Chelsea out and Son races into the visitors' box, making the space for a shot. His left-footed effort is decent, but Sanchez gets down to his left and saves.
Ugochukwu goes in the book for a foul on Bissouma.
GOAL!!! JACKSON MAKES THE POINTS SAFE!!! After Son had gone close up the other end, Chelsea come forward on the counter and Gallagher receives the ball on the right-hand side. He slides a pass into the middle for Jackson, and he fires home to make it 3-1 and surely kill the game off!
Gallagher's pass was straight into the path of Jackson, who netted his second of the night with a powerful finish.
GOAL!!! JACKSON SECURES HIS HAT-TRICK!!! Spurs continue to persist with their high line and Chelsea catch them out again. Jackson takes it deep into the hosts' box, and while he thinks about playing it to his left for Mudryk, he ends up taking it around the goalkeeper and finishing. It is 4-1!
Palmer played a delightful throughball into the path of Jackson before the striker finished off his hat-trick.
Jackson nearly has a fourth as Mudryk cuts the ball back for him in the penalty area, but he loses his composure and ends up firing high over the crossbar.
FULL-TIME: TOTTENHAM 1-4 CHELSEA
The final whistle goes to bring a quite extraordinary game to an end as Chelsea celebrate a 4-1 victory over nine-man Spurs. The scoreline does not even begin to tell the story, with the hosts competitive right up until the 94th minute when the Blues finally pulled away. Spurs took the lead after six minutes as Kulusevki's shot deflected in, but Chelsea responded, thanks in part to Romero's ill-discipline as the defender's high challenge on his international team-mate Fernandez saw him sent off and handed Palmer the opportunity to level from the spot, which he duly did. The hosts were dealt a further blow when Udogie was shown a second yellow card with 10 minutes of the second half gone, but Chelsea struggled to utilise their numerical advantage against a gutsy Spurs side. However, the resistance was broken with 15 minutes to play, James sliding Sterling in before he squared for Jackson to finish. Pochettino's side failed to kill off the game and were nearly pegged back, Dier having a goal disallowed before both Bentancur and Son went close, but the visitors finally put the result to bed in added time, Jackson netting twice to secure his hat-trick and a 4-1 victory. Spurs' unbeaten start is over, but their fans will be encouraged by a brave display in very tough circumstances. They remain second, a point off leaders Manchester City, while Chelsea move up to the top half. Both teams are in Premier League action next weekend, with Postecoglou's men taking on Wolves at Molineux on Saturday before Chelsea host City the following day. That is all we have from the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, so thanks for your time and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to the live commentary of the Premier League clash between Bournemouth and Newcastle United at the Vitality Stadium.
Bournemouth enter the contest in the relegation zone in the Premier League. The Cherries have suffered back-to-back defeats at the hands of Liverpool in the EFL Cup and Manchester City in the league, losing 6-1 last time out at the Etihad Stadium. The pressure lifted on Andoni Iraola after their win over Burnley last month, but the spotlight is well and truly on the Spaniard again. He needs another strong outing from his side against a Newcastle team in good form domestically.
Newcastle's Champions League hopes took a hit during the week after losing for the second time in a row to Borussia Dortmund. Eddie Howe's men were depleted due to a number of injuries and suspensions, and the Magpies continue to deal with key absences today. Despite limited options, Newcastle have maintained their excellent domestic form, extending their unbeaten run in league and cup to seven matches after a hard-fought win over Arsenal last time out. They can close to within a point of the Champions League places with a win on the road.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Max Aarons, Illia Zabarnyi, Marcos Senesi, Lloyd Kelly; Ryan Christie, Lewis Cook; Marcus Tavernier, Antoine Semenyo, Justin Kluivert; Dominic Solanke.
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Milos Kerkez, Chris Mepham, David Brooks, Joe Rothwell, Dango Ouattara, Adam Smith, Luis Sinisterra, Hamed Traore, Mark Travers.
NEWCASTLE (4-3-3): Nick Pope, Kieran Trippier, Jamaal Lascelles, Fabian Schar, Lewis Hall; Sean Longstaff, Lewis Miley, Joe Willock; Joelinton, Anthony Gordon, Miguel Almiron.
NEWCASTLE SUBS: Martin Dubravka, Paul Dummett, Matt Ritchie, Emil Krafth, Valentino Livramento, Mark Gillespie, Amadou Diallo, Alex Murphy, Ben Parkinson.
Bournemouth have made five changes to their side from their 6-1 hammering at the hands of City. Neto returns between the posts to replace Andrei Radu, while Senesi comes into the backline in place of Mepham. Cook returns from suspension as Alex Scott misses out due to injury. Philip Billing also misses out for the hosts. Kluivert and Semenyo earn starts in the final third playing behind Solanke in attack.
Newcastle have made three changes to their side that was beaten 2-0 during the week by Dortmund. Miley gets his first Premier League start by replacing Bruno Guimaraes, who misses out due to suspension. Callum Wilson is missing due to a tight hamstring, so Gordon starts through the middle. Almiron joins Gordon in the final third by replacing Livramento.
There will be a minute of silence before kick-off for Remembrance Day.
We're under way at the Vitality Stadium.
Kluivert feeds Tavernier's run in the inside-left channel and he forces a cutback towards Christie. The midfielder shoots first time, but drills his attempt straight at Pope.
SAVE! Pope is called into action once again as Semenyo runs at the Newcastle defence and fires low and hard towards the bottom-right corner, but the Newcastle keeper gets down to make the stop.
Newcastle are looking to settle after allowing the Cherries a couple of attempts at goal in the early stages. The Magpies will not want an end-to-end game after their exploits during the week.
Gordon has a probe down the left flank and wins a corner for the visitors that is cleared by the first Bournemouth defender.
SAVE! Longstaff latches onto a loose ball and he drills a strike towards the target. It swerves in the air and forces Neto to turn it over the bar.
Tavernier has space on the break, but he takes a loose touch to allow Hall to make an important intervention.
BLOCK! Solanke finds space inside the Newcastle defence down the right flank. He consider his options before launching an effort at goal that Lascelles deflects behind with a last-ditch block.
Kelly delivers a dangerous low cross into the middle, but no Bournemouth player reacts before Pope smothers it in the area.
Schar goes down clutching his hamstring as Pope gathers the ball. He does not look comfortable and requires treatment.
Schar continues after receiving treatment, but his condition will be monitored by Howe and his staff.
Schar is involved in the action as he breaks up a pass towards Solanke on the edge of the box. That will ease any concerns about his hamstring.
Semenyo needs treatment for a knock for the hosts. Both teams are having issues with players tonight.
Newcastle will have been pleased to ride out the early wave of pressure. The Magpies look more assured at the back now as Solanke and the runners from deep have been contained.
Bournemouth have been knocked out of their early rhythm. The hosts do look a tad short of confidence following their defeat to City last week.
Miley has made a composed start for the Magpies in his first Premier League start. The 17-year-old is a highly-touted prospect on Tyneside.
Almiron has a run at Kelly down the right flank and he wins a corner for the Magpies for his efforts.
SAVE! Willock hangs a cross to the back post for Lascelles to attack. He powers a header towards goal that takes a deflection, but Neto makes a fine stop. Lascelles may have been offside anyway, although it looked tight.
CHANCE! Kluivert breaks away from Willock in the middle of the park and bears down on the edge of the penalty area. He shoots towards the left side of Pope's goal, but the Newcastle keeper beats it behind.
Dear me, Almiron is down for Newcastle now. He appeared to injure himself on his run to win the corner a few minutes ago. He gets looked at by the physio, but his game looks to be done.
Almiron is withdrawn with a potential hamstring injury and is replaced by former Bournemouth man Ritchie.
SAVE! Christie latches onto a loose ball in the box and drills an effort into the ground. Pope sees the ball late, but he punches it away from danger with a fine stop.
Newcastle can't get themselves in the game at the moment. The injury to Almiron is yet another setback for Howe and his limited options.
CHANCE! Solanke latches onto a long ball and offloads into the path of Semenyo. He pokes the ball towards goal on his right foot, but he places his effort inches past the left post.
Gordon skips past Senesi with ease down the left flank and he drills a low ball into the middle that Tavernier has to clear away.
Semenyo spurns another opening in front of goal as he fails to take a touch from Christie's ball over the top. He was in behind Hall and would have been one-on-one with Pope.
Trippier surges down the right and slides to try to send a cutback into the middle. It ricochets off Kelly and onto the Newcastle skipper before heading out for a goal-kick. Replays show that it struck the Bournemouth man last.
Solanke slips and remains down in a heap for the hosts. Yet another stoppage in the game for a player to receive treatment.
There will be six minutes of added time.
Solanke is back out and appears to have shaken off his knock for now.
There has been a lack of cutting edge from the hosts as we approach the break. Newcastle will be the happier of the two sides approaching half-time.
The tempo of the game has slowed significantly. Both teams appear to be playing for half-time.
HALF-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 0-0 NEWCASTLE
It's goalless at the break in the Premier League clash between Bournemouth and Newcastle at the Vitality Stadium. The Cherries have had the best of the opportunities as Ryan Christie saw two efforts saved by Nick Pope, while Antoine Semenyo and Justin Kluivert were also denied by the Newcastle keeper. At the other end, Sean Longstaff and Jamaal Lascelles had the visitors' best attempts that were stopped by Neto.
The Cherries have looked short of confidence in front of goal. With the Magpies missing a number of key players and losing another with Miguel Almiron being forced off, Iraola's team have a huge opportunity to secure an important win.
Hall is withdrawn at the break by Howe and is replaced by Livramento.
We're back under way at the Vitality Stadium.
CHANCE! Solanke intercepts a misplaced pass from Trippier and looks to Pope, but he takes a heavy touch and loses it behind for a goal-kick.
Bournemout continue to get opportunities in the final third, but have lacked a clinical edge when they've needed it the most.
Trippier loses possession and it allows Christie to feed Aarons down the right flank. He fires into the box low and hard, but sees his delivery repelled by Schar.
Tavernier surges into the Newcastle box down the left flank and he cuts a pass back for Semenyo. He shoots towards goal, only to see his effort blocked.
There's no penetration in the Bournemouth attack at the moment. Newcastle are keeping them at bay with a solid defence through the middle.
Cook goes into the book for kicking the ball away after giving Gordon a nudge to the deck.
CHANCE! Trippier angles a perfect cross in from the left flank that hits Neto and the home side are able to scramble the loose ball away before Willock can capitalise.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! SOLANKE FIRES THE HOSTS AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!! The Cherries take the lead as Solanke buries his effort into the bottom-right corner. Semenyo tries to force a pass through to Solanke and the forward benefits from a deflection. He takes the ball in stride and fires low and hard into the net with a precise strike on his right foot.
Livramento runs down the left flank and has support from Gordon through the middle. He lines up a blast from 20 yards, but he sends his effort straight at Neto.
Aarons is down for the hosts after running with Livramento. He requires treatment before the game can continue.
Parkinson makes his Premier League bow for the Magpies as he replaces Miley. Parkinson goes up front as Joelinton drops back.
Smith replaces Aarons at right-back as the latter is unable to continue after picking up a knock.
Kluivert was active in the first half, but faded a tad in the second. Sinisterra replaces the Dutchman.
The problems mount for Howe and his staff as Longstaff goes down for the visitors. The midfielder looks in pain.
Longstaff gets back to his feet and appears to ready to resume, but Howe has another injury concern.
SAVE! Tavernier latches onto an offload from Solanke and fires at goal on his left foot. He powers a strike towards the top-left corner that Pope pushes behind.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! SOLANKE NOTCHES HIS SECOND!!!! 2-0 BOURNEMOUTH!!!!! The Cherries extend their lead as Solanke bundles the ball home from close range. Cook sends a dangerous cross into the box from the left flank that Sinisterra heads against the post. Solanke is the first to react and steers his effort past Pope into the roof of the net. There is a nervy wait for a VAR check for handball, but the goal stands.
Solanke has as many goals in the Premier League this season in 12 appearances (six) as he registered in 33 appearances last season.
OVER! Schar charges forward from the back and reaches the edge of the penalty area before he gets stopped. The ball deflects to Longstaff in space, only to lift his effort over the top.
CLOSE! Sinisterra looks to wrap up the game for the hosts with a blast from distance, but his effort creeps inches wide of the post.
Ouattara replaces Semenyo, who had a bright start to the game, albeit lacking a cutting edge.
BLOCK! Solanke bursts down the right flank and sends a cutback to Sinisterra. He takes a good first touch to roll Lascelles, but the Newcastle defender recovers to deflect his effort wide.
Willock takes a fine touch to beat two Bournemouth defenders, but Christie gets back to block his cross out for a corner.
Lascelles lunges in from behind on Ouattara and is shown a yellow card.
Senesi is booked for the hosts for dissent towards the referee following an appeal for a penalty.
There is a VAR check for handball against Gordon, but the decision stands as no penalty.
WIDE! Solanke looks for his hat-trick as he collects Christie's pass, but he slams his effort from the angle into the side-netting.
There will be seven minutes of added time.
SAVE! Quattara bursts down the left flank and tees up Sinisterra to strike. He fires low and hard towards goal, but Pope makes the save and smothers the ball before Solanke can react.
Quattara wins the ball back and goes for goal from 20 yards, ignoring Solanke in support. However, he smashes his strike straight at Pope.
WIDE! Tavernier latches onto a cutback from Quattara from the left and has an open goal to aim at, only to place his attempt wide of the target.
Schar lines up an ambitious effort from distance, only to launch his attempt well over the bar.
Willock endured a tough evening and is replaced by Krafth for the closing stages.
Tavernier impressed in the final third for the Cherries and perhaps should have scored. He makes way for Rothwell.
WHAT A SAVE! Pope produces a brilliant reaction stop to turn Sinisterra's deflected strike over the top. The winger connects with Christie's cross and it takes a wicked deflection off Lascelles. Pope still manages to react to turn it over the bar. The keeper has kept the scoreline respectable today.
FULL-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 2-0 NEWCASTLE
A brace from Dominic Solanke has guided Bournemouth to a 2-0 victory over Newcastle United in the Premier League. The hosts spurned a number of opportunities in the first half, but Solanke broke the deadlock on the hour mark with a close-range finish. He was on the spot again to bundle home the second from a corner to secure the three points. The Cherries move out of the relegation zone after picking up their second win on the bounce at home, while Newcastle's seven-match unbeaten run in the top flight has come to an end. Both teams will return to action after the international break as Bournemouth travel to Sheffield United, while Newcastle host Chelsea. Thanks for joining our commentary, until next time, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Arsenal and Burnley at the Emirates Stadium!
Arsenal's unbeaten start in the Premier League came to an end in a controversial manner last weekend as they were beaten 1-0 by Newcastle United, with Mikel Arteta blasting VAR's decision to let the winning goal stand in that game. That was just days after they were knocked out of the EFL Cup by West Ham following a 3-1 defeat. The Gunners have put that week behind them though, responding in the best fashion with a 2-0 win over Sevilla in the Champions League that puts them on the cusp of qualification. Another win here would keep them in the mix at the top of the table.
Burnley couldn't be having a more different season. They sit at the opposite end of the table in the relegation zone, with just four points to their name. They've won just one game in the league this season (D1 L9), though that victory did come away from home as they beat Luton Town. They've lost their last five on the bounce in all competitions, something they'll want to end quickly. They have a good record against Arsenal though, losing just one of their last five against them in the competition (W1 D3).
ARSENAL STARTING XI (4-3-3): David Raya; Takehiro Tomiyasu, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Kai Havertz, Jorginho, Declan Rice; Bukayo Saka, Leandro Trossard, Gabriel Martinelli.
ARSENAL SUBS: Mohamed Elneny, Reuell Walters, Bradley Ibrahim, Reiss Nelson, Eddie Nketiah, Aaron Ramsdale, Fabio Vieira, Jakub Kiwior, Charles Sagoe.
BURNLEY STARTING XI (4-4-2): James Trafford; Vitinho, Dara O'Shea, Jordan Beyer, Charlie Taylor; Johann Gudmundsson, Sander Berge, Josh Brownhill, Luca Koleosho; Jay Rodriguez, Zeki Amdouni.
BURNLEY SUBS: Jacob Bruun Larsen, Nathan Redmond, Lawrence Vigouroux, Hannes Delcroix, Aaron Ramsey, Connor Roberts, Michael Obafemi, Wilson Odobert, Josh Cullen.
Arteta makes just one change from the win over Sevilla in the Champions League in midweek, and it's an enforced one. Ben White isn't in the squad, so Zinchenko comes in for him, with Tomiyasu switching out to the right. Saka is able to start despite going off with an ankle injury in that game, while Nketiah is fit enough for the bench.
Kompany sticks with the same starting line-up that lost to Crystal Palace last weekend as he looks for a reaction today. They are boosted by the return of Cullen from suspension, and Obafemi and Ramsey from injury, with all three of them named on the bench.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Amdouni gets the game under way for Burnley!
Arsenal are enjoying all of the early possession here, comfortably knocking it around between their defenders. Burnley have barely ventured out of their own half, sitting deep to block off the space.
Saka does brilliantly to shake off Koleosho down the right, only to run into Taylor. He's forced to go backwards, and Arsenal patiently start to mount another attack.
The hosts win the first corner of the game, and it's swung into the six-yard box by Saka. Gabriel makes a late, unmarked run to the near post and gets his head to it, but he thumps it over the bar.
GOOD SAVE! Beyer's pass into Brownhill doesn't quite some off as referee Michael Oliver gets in the way, but Amdouni keeps it alive as he runs onto the loose ball. He takes it to the edge of the box before having a shot, and Raya dives to tip it wide.
Arsenal lost and failed to score for the first time in the Premier League this season last time out against Newcastle, managing just one shot on target all game. However, they're unbeaten in their last 37 home league games against promoted sides (W32 D5).
After a slightly slow start to the game, Burnley are starting to get a slight foothold here. They're keeping the ball well in their own half, though Arsenal's high press is causing some issues when they try to move it forward.
Trossard gets his first real chance to run at Burnley's defence here and slides it through to Martinelli when he makes the overlapping run. O'Shea spots the danger early though and is able to stop a cross from coming in.
It doesn't look like Saliba has many options available, but then he gets his head up to spot Rice darting into the box. He lofts a long ball over the top, but Trafford is quickly off his line to pluck it out of the air ahead of the midfielder.
Arsenal's patient play isn't getting them anywhere, so Tomiyasu goes for the big switch out to Martinelli. He cushions it into Zinchenko, who loops a cross to the far post, but Havertz's corner is deflected wide.
GREAT SAVE! Burnley just can't clear their lines here! Saka cuts inside from the right, only to see his throughball blocked. It pinballs off the Clarets defenders, and Saka takes his chance, firing it at the near top corner. Trafford stretches to tip it onto the bar.
It's lovely play from Burnley as they knock it upfield, and Gudmundsson has space to run down the right. He tries to square it to Rodriguez on the edge of the box, but Gabriel steps in to cut it out.
Arsenal are asking for a penalty here after Saka goes down in the box. It was actually a wonderful tackle from O'Shea, who raced back into possession to stop Saka from finishing off a quick counter.
It's a lovely bit of skill from Zinchenko, who draws three defenders in before flicking it back to Saka on the right. He squares it into the middle, and Trossard just misses it, before Havertz's first-time volley is blocked by Beyer's outstretched leg.
GOOD SAVE! Arsenal are upping the pressure here and Saka nods the ball towards goal. The final touch comes off Beyer, whose header loops towards his own goal, and Trafford scrambles back to claw it off the line.
The possession stats are just starting to lean in Arsenal's favour as the hosts keep Burnley penned back in their own half. The wingers are starting to get a bit more space, with Martinelli swinging in a cross, but Beyer clears it.
CHANCE! Arsenal win their fifth corner here and Saka swings another dangerous cross into the crowded six-yard box. Havertz meets it this time, but gets caught under it, heading his effort over the bar.
GOOD SAVE! Raya is tested once more after Arsenal are caught out by a long ball. A loose touch from Saliba plays Gudmundsson through the middle and he sends it across goal, but Raya gets a strong hand to it.
SAVE! Arsenal may be showing their dominance, but Burnley have tested Raya will all four of their shots so far. The space just opens up for Rodriguez as he cuts inside from the left, so he tries his luck from range. The keeper holds onto this one.
Arsenal win another corner, but Martinelli sees it cleared at the near post. The Gunners manage to keep it alive on the far side through Saka, but then Trossard drags a low cross behind everybody still inside the box.
GREAT SAVE! So many times this season, Burnley have lost the ball deep in their own half before conceding, and it almost happens again. Brownhill gives it away and it's worked to Trossard, who takes aim from the edge of the box, but Trafford gets a strong hand behind the shot.
Burnley almost turn the tables here as Martinelli is chased back towards his own goal with the ball. Zinchenko miscontrolled the pass, not realising that Amdouni is hovering on the edge of the box, but Jorginho just gets there first.
Kompany is shaking his head on the touchline once more as O'Shea gives the ball away on the edge of his own box. Luckily, it ricochets off Trossard and Vitinho does well to win a throw-in and ease the pressure.
Koleosho isn't happy with the referee as he doesn't get a free-kick in his favour. He's ready to make a darting run into the box so he can be picked out by Rodriguez, but he has his heels clipped by Saka before he can get going.
Two Burnley players try to trip Martinelli, but he stays on his feet to keep the move alive. He cuts back from the byline only to loop a too deep cross into the box which misses everybody.
TROSSARD SCORES! Just before half-time, Arsenal finally break Burnley down! Zinchenko has put some good crosses into the box, and this is no different as he picks out Saka. He cushions a header back towards the near post and Trossard is brave as he throws himself onto the end of it. He nods it past Trafford before colliding with the post. 1-0 Arsenal!
It's a good run from Saka to the edge of the six-yard box, and he gets us behind Beyer to nod it back into the danger area.
Trossard stays down holding his shoulder after that heavy collision with the post. It initially looks bad as the medical team rush on, but the Belgian is able to move his arm, which means he'll be coming back on.
HALF-TIME: ARSENAL 1-0 BURNLEY.
Trossard leaves it late to break the deadlock as Arsenal take a 1-0 lead over Burnley into half-time. The Gunners were the dominant side in the first half, but they struggled to break down a compact Clarets side for the most part - Trafford was forced into a couple of good saves to deny Saka and Martinelli. He was beaten in the 46th minute though as Trossard rushed forward to head in from very close range. Burnley have shown a threat at the other end though, with Raya making four saves to keep them out.
Arteta will be pleased with what he's seen so far, especially after such a poor performance last time out in the Premier League. Their patience paid off, and he'll be looking for them to build on this, hopefully with Trossard still leading the attack after his injury. There are positives for Burnley despite being behind, and Kompany will be urging them to still take risks to get back into this game.
Arsenal get us back under way for the second half!
Burnley are straight out of the traps here as Koleosho bursts down the left, leaving defenders in his wake. Raya rushes off his line, but the winger takes it around him before winning a corner. It comes to nothing though.
Despite that heavy collision with the post just before the break, Trossard is back out for the second half, still leading the line. His goal was actually Arsenal's 1000th goal at the Emirates Stadium in all competitions.
It's lovely play down Arsenal's left as Martinelli plays a one-two with Zinchenko. The Brazilian clips it into the middle where Gabriel is waiting, but the defender goes down softly after a nudge from Rodriguez. He gets nothing from the referee.
This is a good spell for Burnley and they're keeping Arsenal penned back in their own half. Koleosho is still causing problems down the left, and the Gunners can't get out.
BROWNHILL EQUALISES! It's all about Koleosho's run to start the move, and it looks like Tomiyasu has it covered, but the defender is just outmuscled as he goes to ground. Koleosho keeps it alive, pulling it back to Rodriguez, but he's closed down by Gabriel. The deflection falls to Brownhill, with a deflection off Rodriguez taking it past Raya. The goal passes a quick VAR check, and it's 1-1!
GOOD SAVE! Arsenal want a quick response to that equaliser and the pace of their attack is more than Burnley can handle. Martinelli has space down the left, and Trafford rushes out to block his low shot when he cuts into the box.
SALIBA SCORES! Burnley weren't level for long! Trossard goes over to take the corner and he whips a cross right onto the goal line. Trafford gets blocked in and is beaten to the ball by Saliba, who nods in from close range. 2-1 Arsenal!
It's a brilliant corner from Trossard who curled his delivery right on top of Trafford, who couldn't get the better of Saliba.
Arsenal were ready to make this change before they retook the lead, but they now have the chance to do it. Havertz goes off, with Vieira on in his place.
Burnley are back to being pegged back deep in their own half, and it was their goal that breathed some life back into Arsenal. Martinelli has space down the left once more but has no one in the box in support.
Trossard whips another dangerous corner across the face of goal and it's just glanced away from Gabriel by Berge. Nobody is running onto it at the far post for Arsenal, and Taylor hooks it away.
A neat bit of footwork from Amdouni gets him away from Jorginho and he's able to switch it out to Gudmundsson who gets Burnley over the halfway line. It's worked out to Koleosho on the far side, but he blasts his shot high and wide.
CLOSE! Trossard just overruns the ball as he tries to get into space on the edge of the box, but O'Shea's interception actually sits up nicely for Rice. He races onto it, hitting the strike first time, but it curls inches wide of the far post.
Arsenal's corner count continues to go up as Trossard makes his way over once more. This corner isn't as close to the goal line, but it still gets stuck into the ground until Berge puts his laces through a clearance.
Arteta has never managed to beat Burnley, drawing one and losing one of his previous meetings with the Clarets when they were managed by Sean Dyche. His team are on the attack again to try and make sure of three points here.
Martinelli is causing all sorts of problems down the left, and Vitinho is struggling to keep up with him. His cross is blocked, with Arsenal now up to their 12th corner in this game, and it's Trossard to whip it in again.
WHAT A GOAL! It's incredible by Zinchenko! Trossard whips the corner into the box, and it hits O'Shea, who watches with relief as it smacks the crossbar. The rebound bounces in front of Zinchenko, who leaps up to volley it, almost karate kick style, past a static Trafford and into the far top corner. 3-1 Arsenal!
Kompany is readying some changes as he aims to try and get a second goal here, but this game looks like it's probably beyond Burnley. Arsenal are keeping comfortable possession, giving them no way out of their own half.
Vitinho gets in a bit of a tangle trying to hold off Martinelli and ends up prodding it out for yet another Arsenal corner. Trafford pushes Trossard's latest delivery away, but Burnley's respite is short.
It's a double change for Burnley here. Bruun Larsen, who scored the winning goal against Luton in the Clarets' only victory this season, is brought on for Koleosho.
And Ramsey is given a run-out after shaking off a knock. He replaces Amdoni.
There's a double change for Arsenal now. The scorer of the opening goal, Trossard, is replaced by Nketiah, who scored a hat-trick in his last appearance at the Emirates.
And Saka is also making way, with Nelson on in his place.
VIEIRA IS SENT OFF! Taylor nods the ball down to Brownhill, who is the favourite to get to it. Vieira sticks a leg out almost lazily, and he catches the Burnley midfielder high on the shin. The collision looked accidental, but it's a really poor challenge and he's given his marching orders. Arsenal will finish the game with 10 men.
Obafemi has had a lot of injury problems so far this season, but he's getting a chance to come on here. He replaces the goalscorer, Brownhill.
Burnley win just their third corner of the game and O'Shea makes a darting run to the near post to get on the end of it. His header loops up into the air, and doesn't trouble Raya as it lands on the roof of the net.
Burnley's final roll of the dice sees Odobert come on for Vitinho.
Martinelli goes down holding his hamstring, and after receiving some treatment, he's going to go off. Arteta is using the opportunity to bring on an extra defender in Kiwior.
We're into six added minutes here with Burnley on the attack still. The visitors have a bit more belief now due to their man advantage, but Arsenal are defending staunchly.
There's an off-the-ball incident between Gabriel and Rodriguez in the box. The defender initially shoves Rodriguez out of the way, with the striker then throwing out an arm. After a quick VAR check, we're okay to continue with nothing more found in it.
Gudmundsson is late getting across to Rice and just steps across him to stop the run. He picks up the first yellow card of the game.
Burnley are still trying to push forward in search of another goal, but time is starting to run out here. Berge slides a wonderful throughball into Bruun Larsen, but his pullback isn't near a team-mate.
As Arsenal defended that last Burnley attack, Jorginho went down holding his head. He was actually caught by Kiwior, who was trying to flick the ball away, and the Italian requires treatment.
Jorginho is back on his feet, but the cut on his head is still bleeding. He's going to be taken off so that he can be patched up and Arsenal will be able to make a concussion substitution if there's time.
FULL-TIME: ARSENAL 3-1 BURNLEY.
Arsenal are back to winning ways in the Premier League with a 3-1 victory over Burnley. It took the Gunners a long time to break their opponents down, with Trossard nodding them in front from close range just before half-time. Burnley fought back in the second half as Brownhill equalised, with a bit of help from Rodriguez, as his deflected shot wrong-footed Raya. They weren't level for long though, with Saliba getting the better of Trafford to head in a corner on the line before Zinchenko scored a spectacular acrobatic volley to secure the three points. Arsenal had to finish the game with 10 men after Vieira was sent off for a late, high challenge on Brownhill, but they were able to comfortably see it out. They're level on points at the top of the table with Manchester City, who don't play until tomorrow, and they travel to Brentford after the international break. Burnley's miserable run continues as they stay 19th, and it's West Ham at home up next for them. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Aston Villa and Fulham at Villa Park!
Aston Villa may have slipped up at Nottingham Forest last week, missing a chance to move into the Premier League's top four, but they bounced back straight away by beating AZ Alkmaar in the Europa Conference League on Thursday. Now vying for a 13th top-flight home win in succession for the first time in 40 years, the Birmingham club have scored three goals or more in each of their five league games at Villa Park this season. Today, Unai Emery's side can equal a club record of 21 Premier League victories in a calendar year.
After losing 1-0 at home to Manchester United last weekend, Fulham slipped further down the Premier League standings and they sit 16th ahead of today's game. The Cottagers are yet to suffer consecutive league defeats in 2023-24, though, despite an apparent lack of firepower up front. With a meagre tally of nine league goals so far this season, Marco Silva's men are also on a run of seven straight matches without scoring in the first half.
ASTON VILLA (4-4-2): Emiliano Martinez; Matty Cash, Ezri Konsa, Pau Torres, Lucas Digne; John McGinn, Boubacar Kamara, Douglas Luiz, Youri Tielemans; Moussa Diaby, Ollie Watkins.
SUBS: Robin Olsen, Bertrand Traore, Leander Dendoncker, Clement Lenglet, Leon Bailey, Calum Chambers, Nicolo Zaniolo, Jhon Duran, Alex Moreno.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Tim Ream, Calvin Bassey, Antonee Robinson; Alex Iwobi, Joao Palhinha; Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Andreas Pereira, Willian; Raul Jimenez.
SUBS: Marek Rodak, Harrison Reed, Harry Wilson, Adama Traore, Kenny Tete, Sasa Lukic, Fode Ballo-Toure, Tom Cairney, Carlos Vinicius.
Villa make a trio of changes from their 2-1 win over AZ: the injured Diego Carlos is replaced by Pau Torres, while Matty Cash and Douglas Luiz come in for Clement Lenglet and Leon Bailey. Tielemans retains his place, so Zaniolo must make do with a place on the bench.
Still seeking an end to his long Premier League goal drought, Raul Jimenez starts up front for Fulham, as Rodrigo Muniz is ruled out after injuring his knee last week. Bobby De Cordova-Reid replaces Willian in the visitors' only other change. Former Villa winger Traore is back on the bench following a layoff, but Issa Diop and fellow defender Tosin Adarabioyo remain sidelined.
The players are out on the pristine pitch at Villa Park, and kick-off is now just moments away!
Following a minute's silence on Remembrance Sunday, Fulham kick off, and we are under way in Birmingham.
After a fast-paced start to the game, Aston Villa try to seize control by keeping possession at the back, and an overhit back-pass temporarily has Yashin Trophy-winner Martinez in a little trouble before he calmly deals with it.
McGinn is perhaps fortunate to avoid an early booking after lunging into a challenge on Joao Palhinha in midfield. He arrived too late and clearly caught the Fulham man, but only a free-kick is given.
SAVE! Villa have the first gilt-edged opening, as Diaby meets Digne's cutback near the penalty spot but can only sweep his first-time shot straight at Leno! The Fulham goalkeeper palms it away, and the visitors escape!
PENALTY FOR VILLA! Following Diaby's cross from the left, Watkins arrives in the centre of Fulham's box and turns the ball towards goal. It's blocked by Castagne at close range, but seems to have touched the defender's arm! It's an early spot-kick for the Villans! However, the VAR has called the referee across to review it on the pitchside monitor!
NO PENALTY! After a brief review of the evidence, the referee concurs with his colleague in the VAR room and rules out Villa's penalty-kick! The ball did not touch Castagne's arm. Fulham survive another scare!
The referee has certainly taken a lenient approach so far, as Jimenez mistimes a tackle from behind on Konsa but also avoids a yellow card.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, the hosts have had 72 per cent of the possession thus far, and their passing accuracy is some 20 per cent higher than Fulham's. Aston Villa are a formidable team to conquer on home turf right now, and their latest visitors have started quite meekly.
Having been clattered by Konsa in a 50-50 challenge, Joao Palhinha is left in a heap on the soggy Villa Park turf, and the action is paused while he receives treatment.
Joao Palhinha is back on his feet now and resumes his role in Fulham's midfield, as Villa pick up where they left off and push forward again.
Villa are on a run of four straight home wins against Fulham - two in the Premier League and two in the Championship - while the London club's only league victory in their past 19 visits to Villa Park came back in April 2014. The early evidence suggests those trends could continue today.
After Tielemans makes a superb sliding tackle deep in his own half, McGinn drives forward from midfield and some space opens up for Villa's captain. However, his layoff to Diaby in the box is delayed just too long and the French forward's shot is blocked, before the assistant's flag is raised for offside.
After a swift passing move in the final third, Iwobi's cutback from the right byline picks out Pereira just inside Villa's area. The latter's shot forces Martinez to dive across and make a sharp save, but Iwobi was offside in any case, and the hosts will have a free-kick.
Fulham are definitely growing in confidence now, having survived some early pressure. However, Aston Villa's high defensive line does its job again, as Willian is caught offside just inside the home side's half.
VILLA LEAD! A teasing cross from the left by Tielemans zips across Leno's six-yard box, and after both Fulham's goalkeeper and Villa forward Diaby narrowly miss the ball, Robinson bundles it into the back of his own net - that's his second own goal of the season! The home side have made the breakthrough, and it's 1-0 just before the half-hour mark!
As Aston Villa have won every Premier League game they've taken the lead in this season - and Fulham have picked up just one point after going behind - the writing is perhaps on the wall already. Still, there's plenty of time left to play at Villa Park.
A long ball over the top beats Villa's high line, and Pereira is almost clean through on goal; however, the ball skips up off the greasy turf and allows Konsa to make a last-gasp clearance. His foot was quite high there, but the officials take no action.
Villa are still in control here, but Fulham are taking the occasional opportunity to probe the home side's defence. The Cottagers' lack of first-half goals looks set to continue, though.
Covering across from left-back, Robinson does well to intercept a throughball from Douglas Luiz towards Diaby, and Fulham are holding firm.
SAVE! A superb diagonal ball by Pau Torres finds Cash on the right. The Poland international drifts inside into a shooting position, just inside Fulham's box, but he is just off balance while striking the ball on his weaker foot and his effort flies straight at Leno, who deals with it comfortably.
The hosts are pressing hard for a second goal now, and Watkins claims for a foul deep in Fulham territory. After his appeals are ignored, McGinn is then felled by Jimenez around 30 yards from goal in a central position - that's a Villa free-kick.
MCGINN MAKES IT TWO! Villa's captain doubles their lead just before the break! The Scottish star picks up possession from Robinson's headed clearance, and when space opens up he takes a couple of strides before finding the bottom-right corner with an unerring finish! That puts the home side in total control: 2-0!
Revelling in his freedom to break forward, McGinn has now contributed to goals in each of his last four home games in the Premier League - two of his own and two assists. Villa have also scored 12 first-half goals in as many league matches, and only Manchester City (13) have netted more this season.
In the first minute of first-half stoppage time, Jimenez turns and sends a 20-yard snapshot curling towards the target. It lacks enough pace or bend, though, and ends up as simple catching practice for Martinez.
Douglas Luiz sends a corner from the left towards Kamara on the edge of the area; although the Villa midfielder can't make useful contact, the ball then falls to Pau Torres, whose hurried shot is skewed well wide.
Willian cuts in from the left flank and puts Cash on the back foot, but his low curling shot from outside the area is easily fielded by Martinez, who drops down to complete the catch. That's surely that for the first half.
HALF-TIME: ASTON VILLA 2-0 FULHAM
While not at their fluent best, Aston Villa have maintained their dominance of Villa Park during the first half, leaving Fulham floundering and perhaps bound for back-to-back defeats. Apart from two tame efforts from distance, the visitors have posed their hosts little threat, and an own goal from Robinson followed by McGinn's precise strike puts Villa in charge at the break. Unai Emery's side are unbeaten in 19 Premier League matches after taking the lead - including seven wins out of seven this season - so it would take an improbable Fulham fightback to stop them claiming maximum points today.
Fulham have now failed to score a first-half goal in 10 of their 12 Premier League fixtures this term, and only Luton Town (11) have failed to find the net more often before half-time. Marco Silva's side have fared slightly better after the interval, though, so maybe getting a goal back early in the second half could bring them into contention for a point.
Fulham make one change for the second half, as they seek a route back into this game: De Cordova-Reid makes way for Wilson on the right wing.
Aston Villa kick off, and we are back under way in Birmingham!
OFF THE POST! Fulham almost pull a goal back early in the second half, but after Iwobi flicks a ball through for Jimenez on the right side of the box, the visitors' centre-forward sees his low driven shot tipped onto the far post by Martinez! Then, Willian skies his attempt from the rebound!
Another Fulham raid forward ends with Martinez making a more straightforward intervention this time, as Castagne's dangerous ball across from the right wing is cut out by Villa's goalkeeper.
Finally, the referee's patience expires, as Joao Palhinha is shown a yellow card for accumulated fouls. He brings down McGinn in midfield, and a booking means he'll miss Fulham's first match after the international break.
Cash steps inside from the right, and after reaching the edge of the area decides not to play in a team-mate but instead curls a shot at goal. Again, he barely tests Leno, who is able to pluck the ball out of the gloomy air.
There's no doubt that Fulham have improved markedly since half-time, and their latest attack concludes with Iwobi slashing a low strike well wide of the right-hand post. The ball broke to him invitingly 20 yards out, but that was far from a confident finish.
Wilson now shoots off target, as the visitors continue to pose problems for a Villa side that has lost momentum since the interval.
Turning things on their head possession-wise, Fulham have had a 60 per cent share during the opening part of this second half. They were starved of the ball before half-time, but that's all changed now.
Pereira's first-time ball across the box picks out Willian on the right. The Brazilian winger skips inside before finding the side-netting with a low effort that prompts Martinez to make a precautionary dive down to his near post.
Perhaps troubled by Villa's loss of control, Unai Emery takes off Diaby and sends on Bailey to replace him.
VILLA HAVE THREE! Surely that finishes it!? On the counter, Bailey drives through open space and then McGinn holds the ball up well; Villa's captain flicks a return pass through for Bailey, who sends the ball along the box for Watkins to convert from close range. That's the England striker's sixth Premier League goal of the season, and Villa extend their lead against the run of play: 3-0!
Bailey makes a brilliant impact from off the bench, as he propels his team forward on the break before setting up Watkins with an accurate cross.
For dissent in the aftermath of Aston Villa's third strike, Robinson adds a yellow card to his own goal - it's a day to forget for the Fulham full-back.
Soon after scoring Villa's third, Watkins clumsily clatters Bassey and is shown a yellow card by the referee.
Though Castagne steals the ball from McGinn deep in Aston Villa territory, he then loses the ball carelessly and the hosts break forward on a counter-attack. However, it comes to nothing in the end.
FULHAM GET ONE BACK! Finally ending his 33-game Premier League goal drought, Jimenez prods the ball home from close range, after Robinson rolls the ball across Villa's six-yard box to tee him up! Fulham can still get something from this game, perhaps, as they reduce their deficit to two!
Released into the area, Robinson partly makes up for his own goal by completing a low pass to goalscorer Jimenez inside Aston Villa's area.
After the livewire Bailey zips inside from the right, Tielemans picks up possession and mishits a tame low shot straight at Leno, who makes a straightforward save.
Having hauled back Tielemans, who has proved a tough opponent in midfield, Iwobi becomes the latest player to receive a yellow card.
Aiming to continue their fightback by introducing some fresh legs, Fulham send on two more substitutes: first, the tiring Jimenez makes way for Carlos Vinicius.
Pereira is also withdrawn; Cairney comes on to replace him.
After Carlos Vinicius gets in behind the Villa back four, he forces a shot towards the near post, where Martinez has to make a smart save. The flag then goes up for offside in any case, but Fulham are posing a regular threat now.
No less than 42 per cent of the action has taken place in Aston Villa's defensive third over the last 15 minutes - the hosts are under sustained pressure, but can they hang on to their lead until full-time?
Taking his chance to shoot from distance, Iwobi receives the ball from Willian and tests Martinez with a low shot skimmed along the turf. It's ultimately a simple enough save for the Villa goalkeeper, though.
Marco Silva makes his final changes. First, Iwobi is replaced by Reed.
Willian is also withdrawn, as ex-Villa winger Adama Traore sprints on to the pitch.
The referee decides Konsa is attempting to time-waste, so the Villa defender is booked.
OFF THE BAR! Villa almost grab their fourth goal! McGinn evades Bassey on the left byline, then cuts the ball back into the box; it strikes Joao Palhinha before spinning up onto Leno's crossbar - then Watkins somehow nods the rebound off-target. Bailey then flashes a follow-up shot wide!!
After a frantic period of play at Villa Park, the action is momentarily paused as Bailey drops to the turf with what looks like a possible muscular injury. He requires treatment from the medics.
Having been helped off the pitch, Bailey has been assessed and is fit enough to resume his role in Villa's attack. We are back under way. That's added a chunk of stoppage-time on to the end of this game.
At full stretch just outside his own area, Ream does well to intercept a raking pass by Douglas Luiz towards the lurking Watkins, who is keen to expose Fulham's stretched defence.
There will be at least seven minutes of added time at the end of this second half, as Aston Villa close in on their 13th straight home win in the Premier League.
Popping up on the left flank, Douglas Luiz drives into a dangerous position before flashing his cross just past several bodies inside Fulham's six-yard box; it eventually skips away to safety.
In the dying embers of the game, Carlos Vinicius is booked for a foul on Tielemans.
A clear pull on Tielemans' shirt results in Reed picking up a pointless yellow card.
FULL-TIME: ASTON VILLA 3-1 FULHAM
Relentless in their dominance at fortress Villa Park, Aston Villa post a 13th straight home win in the Premier League, seeing off struggling Fulham despite performing a little below their best. Unai Emery's side cruised to a two-goal lead at half-time, but even after extending their advantage with a rapid counter-attack, their visitors continued to test them and deservedly notched a consolation strike as Jimenez scored his first league goal for well over a year. The Villans start a league campaign with six successive home victories for the first time since 1959, and they will resume with a tough test at Tottenham after the international break. Fulham, meanwhile, will host Wolves next time out, having suffered back-to-back defeats. That's all from our live coverage today, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello everyone and welcome to live text coverage of the Premier League clash between Brighton and Hove Albion and Sheffield United.
Though occupying eighth place and fresh from complete a memorable Europa League double over Ajax in midweek, Brighton are struggling for form in the Premier League, failing to win any of their last five matches. Also, the Seagulls have not beaten United at home in the league since May 1987.
As for United, they are bottom of the Premier League with just four points from their opening 11 games. However, they are fresh from beating Wolves last weekend, and another victory here would lift the Blades out of the relegation zone.
BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION (3-4-3): Jason Steele; Adam Webster, Jan-Paul van Hecke, Igor; Simon Adingra, Billy Gilmour, Mahmoud Dahoud, Facundo Buonanotte; Pascal Gross, Ansu Fati, Adam Lallana.
SUBS: Bart Verbruggen, Joel Veltman, Jack Hinshelwood, Jakub Moder, Carlos Baleba, Kaoru Mitoma, Joao Pedro, Mark O'Mahony, Benicio Baker-Boaitey.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-4-3): Wes Foderingham; George Baldock, Auston Trusty, Jack Robinson; Jayden Bogle, Vinicius, Oliver Norwood, Luke Thomas; James McAtee, Cameron Archer, Gustavo Hamer.
SUBS: Jordan Amissah, Max Lowe, Yasser Larouci, Andre Brooks, Anis Ben Slimane, John Fleck, Ben Osborn, Benie Traore, William Osula.
Roberto De Zerbi makes six changes from Brighton's win over Ajax. Goalscorers Fati and Adingra retain their places, as do Van Hecke, Gross and Dahoud. James Milner, Lewis Dunk and Pervis Estupinan all miss out after limping off in midweek. They join the likes of Julio Enciso, Danny Welbeck, Solly March and Tariq Lamptey in the treatment room.
Paul Heckingbottom makes just a single change from United's last-gasp win over Wolves. It is an enforced one, too, with McAtee replacing the injured Rhian Brewster, who limped off last weekend with a knee injury. Hamer shakes off a hamstring concern to start, but Oli McBurnie and Anel Ahmedhodzic remain on a lengthy injury list alongside the likes of Chris Basham, John Egan, Tom Davies, Rhys Norrington-Davies and Daniel Jebbison.
The teams are out and we are almost ready to go at the Amex Stadium.
The referee blows his whistle and United get the match under way!
Chance! Brighton go in search of an early goal and Fati has the opportunity to shoot from just inside the box. But sends his attempt straight at Foderingham.
ADINGRA!!! 1-0 BRIGHTON! What a start by the hosts! They take the lead in the sixth minute as Adingra cuts inside from the left and embarks on a strong run towards the penalty area. He then plays a neat one-two with Buonanotte before slotting past Foderingham.
Buonanotte provided a neat return pass for Adingra to apply the finishing touch and break the deadlock.
There is a concern for the visitors as Foderingham stayed down and was in need of attention following that goal. However, the goalkeeper is eventually cleared to continue.
The Blades arrived today as the only Premier League side yet to register a point on the road this season. They will have to come from behind here in order to stop the rot.
Brighton have scored for a 12th successive Premier League game. But they will now be hoping they avoid conceding in a 12th successive Premier League game. Liverpool were the last team to do that in the English top flight, doing so in 1966-67.
GOOD SAVE! Brighton suddenly open up the United defence with Fati latching onto Buonanotte's throughball. However, Foderingham produces a smart reflex save to deny him.
Although United trail, their deficit could have been greater had it not been for Foderingham, who has already produced a couple of decent saves to deny Fati.
Heckingbottom watches on from the sidelines as Brighton neatly maintain possession and look to build momentum towards a second goal. The Blades need to respond.
Brighton are still a goal to the good as we hit the midway point in this first half. The hosts are certainly good value for their advantage, enjoying around three-quarters of the possession.
United have never lost against Brighton in their four previous Premier League meetings. Of course, they must come from behind today to keep that run going.
Brighton look to turn up the pressure as they send a dangerous free-kick into the box. But the United defence are alert and just about manage to clear their lines.
Chance! Robinson fails to clear a cross and the ball breaks kindly for Buonanotte in the box. But he can only fire wide of the right post.
Brighton continue to search for that second goal and Lallana looks to play Fati in behind the defence. But the latter is thwarted by the raising of the offside flag.
United look to respond and threaten an equaliser through a free-kick and long throw. But Brighton deal with the danger on both occasions.
There is a break in play with Vinicius going down and in need of treatment following that long throw. The medical team are on to tend to the United midfielder, who appeared to be holding his back.
After receiving attention from the medical team, it looks like Vinicius will be fine to continue here. The last thing United will want is yet another injury.
United with the opportunity to threaten an equaliser as Igor puts the ball behind for a corner. Can the visitors make the most of this?
The corner leads to Bogle trying his luck from distance. But his ambitious attempt is off target and not troubling Steele in the Brighton goal.
The visitors have another opportunity to get the ball into the box after Dahoud is penalised for a foul on McAtee. Can they capitalise on this chance?
Nothing comes of the free-kick as Brighton remain fully concentrated at the back. We are going to play five additional minutes at the end of this first half.
Bogle receives the first yellow card of the game after catching Adingra with a late sliding challenge.
Good effort! Foderingham is alert and punches a free-kick clear. It goes to Gilmour and the ball sits up nicely for him 30 yards from goal. His dipping volley is on target and the goalkeeper is forced to tip it over the crossbar.
Buonanotte drags back Hamer and prevents him from potentially launching a counter. The Brighton man goes into the book.
United look to equalise in the dying seconds of the first half. McAtee has a shot blocked before Baldock's attempt is too high and not troubling Steele.
HALF-TIME: BRIGHTON 1-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED
Brighton lead Sheffield United by a goal to nil at the Amex Stadium. The hosts made a bright start and took the lead after just six minutes when Simon Adingra played a neat one-two with Facundo Buonanotte before slotting past Wes Foderingham. Roberto De Zerbi's side have certainly been good value for their lead so far.
Can the visitors respond in the second half? The Blades did register four shots during the opening 45 minutes, but not one of them was on target. They must address that upon the restart.
Brighton make two changes at the break. The first sees Buonanotte, who assisted the opening goal, replaced by Joao Pedro.
Lallana is also given a breather by De Zerbi. He is replaced on the left flank by Mitoma.
We are off and running again in the second half.
United have lost 23 of their last 26 away games in the Premier League. Can they turn things around in this second half?
Norwood catches Gilmour with a strong challenge in the centre of the field. But the Blades skipper avoids any further punishment.
Close! Joao Pedro brilliantly holds up a long ball before feeding Adingra out wide. The centre-forward receives the return pass, but cannot keep his first-time shot down.
United are forced into a change early in the second half. Vinicius, who picked up a knock during the opening 45 minutes, makes way for Osborn.
There is a slight pause to check a possible penalty after Brighton claim Mitoma's cross came off Bogle's arm. But the referee eventually signals for play to resume from a corner for the hosts.
United push for the equaliser with Baldock well found in the box. He looks to square the ball for a team-mate, but none of them react quickly enough to connect with his centre.
ALMOST! Gross sends a deep corner towards the far post, where Van Hecke arrives. The centre-half nods the ball into the ground, but it bounces up and over the crossbar.
GOOD SAVE! After loose possession, Brighton look to quickly counter. Fati swiftly finds Mitoma on the left. The latter skips away from a challenge and gets a shot away from a tight angle, but Foderingham turns it behind for a corner.
Although Foderingham punches a Brighton corner clear, the ball drops kindly for Dahoud. He tries his luck from distance and his long-range attempt is on target, but Foderingham is alert and pushes it away.
Brighton continue to push for the second goal and Gross looks to release Mitoma with a throughball, but the latter is ruled offside.
Adingra has his name taken following a tangle with Thomas.
RED CARD FOR DAHOUD! Brighton are down to 10 men! The midfielder is shown a straight red card after he appeared to stamp on Osborn's ankle. It did look accidental to be fair, but it was endangering his opponent.
De Zerbi responds by making a couple of substitutions. One of those sees Gilmour make way to be replaced by Baleba.
Fati is also given a breather as he is replaced by Veltman in a very defensive change by the hosts.
That red card has made things very interesting here. Suddenly, United have the numerical advantage and that will encourage them to push for an equaliser. Can they find it?
OWN-GOAL!!! 1-1! Webster puts through his own net! The extra man immediately pays dividends for United. The visitors look buoyant and after he is well found, Bogle drills the ball across the six-yard box, where Webster's attempt to clear sees him send the ball into his own net.
Suddenly, we are all square heading into the final quarter of an hour at the Amex Stadium. Brighton appeared to be in control until Dahoud's red card, and United wasted no time in capitalising on having the extra man.
Baleba catches McAtee late and has his name taken by the referee.
CHANCE! Almost for the Blades! McAtee leads the charge as he feeds the ball into Archer, whose clever flick sets up Bogle. But the latter drags his shot wide of the left post. What a goal that would have been!
Although United have looked more dangerous, Brighton are also demonstrating their lack of interest in settling for a draw. The hosts are looking to attack whenever they can and ask questions of their opponents' defence.
The Blades look to work their way into the Brighton box with a neat move. But a timely intervention enables the hosts to clear their lines.
United's hunger and desire is evident as they press for what could be the winning goal. The ball breaks kindly for Thomas, but his long-range attempt is always rising.
McAtee picks up a knock and is unable to continue. Heckingbottom is taking no chances as he introduces Ben Slimane for the last five minutes.
Just three minutes remain at the Amex Stadium. Can either side find a dramatic winning goal, or are we set for a stalemate here?
Robinson goes into the book after catching Joao Pedro late. He will have to tread carefully now.
United enjoy a neat spell of possession as they look to fashion an opportunity to score a winner. Bogle tries his luck from distance, but his attempt is straight at Steele.
Brighton are awarded a free-kick right on the edge of the penalty as we enter the first of five additional minutes at the end of this game. Thomas trips Baleba and this is a decent chance for the hosts.
A free-kick is floated deep into the United area, but the visitors do well to maintain their concentration levels and deal with the danger.
A late concern for the visitors with Bogle staying down and in need of attention. They will ready a substitute for just in case he is unable to continue.
Bogle limps towards the touchline and is replaced for the final few seconds by Osula.
FULL-TIME: BRIGHTON 1-1 SHEFFIELD UNITED
It finishes all square at the Amex Stadium, where Brighton and Sheffield United play out a 1-1 draw. The hosts made a bright start and took the lead in the sixth minute through Simon Adringra and they were good value for their advantage. But the pendulum swung in United's favour in the 69th minute when Mahmoud Dahoud was shown a straight red card for a stamp on Ben Osborn. The visitors capitalised on their numerical disadvantage within five minutes as Adam Webster turned Jayden Bogle's cross into his own net. It is a goal that lifts the Blades off the bottom of the Premier League table, while Brighton remain eighth. Both sides are back in action on November 25 when Brighton travel to Nottingham Forest and United host Bournemouth. Thank you for joining us today. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Chelsea and Manchester City at Stamford Bridge.
It has been another up-and-down season for the hosts, winning four and losing as many of their opening 11 Premier League games, though just one of those defeats has come in their last five matches and they do seem to have turned a corner. Their last outing saw them win 4-1 at nine-man Tottenham in a thrilling London derby, handing Spurs their first defeat of the campaign.
The winning machine of Pep Guardiola's City continues to roll on, heading into this game top of the Premier League with nine victories in their opening 11 games, though they are only above Liverpool and Arsenal, in second and third respectively, on goal difference. City claimed a historic treble last term, and their start to this one has fans excited for another potentially silverware-laden campaign.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Robert Sanchez; Reece James, Axel Disasi, Thiago Silva, Marc Cucurella; Moises Caicedo, Enzo Fernandez; Cole Palmer, Conor Gallagher, Raheem Sterling; Nicolas Jackson.
SUBS: Noni Madueke, Armando Broja, Ian Maatsen, Dorde Petrovic, Mykhailo Mudryk, Malo Gusto, Chimuanya Ugochukwu, Alex Matos, Benoit Badiashile.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-2-3-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Ruben Dias, Manuel Akanji, Josko Gvardiol; Rodri, Bernardo Silva; Phil Foden, Julian Alvarez, Jeremy Doku; Erling Haaland.
SUBS: Matheus Nunes, Scott Carson, Rico Lewis, Stefan Ortega, Oscar Bobb, Mateo Kovacic, Jack Grealish, Kalvin Phillips.
Mauricio Pochettino makes just the one change from the win at Spurs as Cucurella, once a reported transfer target for City, comes in at left-back for Colwill, who is absent from the squad altogether. Jackson netted a hat-trick in that win at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, and Pochettino will hope he carries that scoring form into this game and beyond after a slow start to Premier League life since arriving from Villarreal. Palmer will start against the side he spent 15 years with, growing through City's academy before joining Chelsea prior to this season, while Sterling also plays against his former team.
Guardiola goes with five alterations from his team's last outing, a 3-0 triumph over Young Boys in midweek that secured their place in the Champions League's last 16. John Stones picked up an injury in that game and could be out for a while, with Akanji the man chosen to replace him here. Bernardo Silva and Rodri come into the midfield for Matheus and Lewis, while Alvarez and Doku are preferred to Kovacic and Grealish.
The two teams enter the Stamford Bridge pitch ahead of a huge Premier League clash for both sides. Chelsea will be looking to build on their win at Spurs, while City could extend their lead at the summit to three points. Who will take the spoils? We will find out shortly!
The hosts kick us off and we are under way!
It has been a lively start from Chelsea, who are looking to get on the front foot and pin the champions back. They have just the one home victory so far this season in the Premier League, but the early signs have been positive for the home crowd.
Sterling and Cucurella combine down the left, before Foden makes an important challenge to nudge the ball behind for a corner. The set-piece comes to nothing, but it is more encouragement for the hosts.
Chelsea have lost their last four Premier League meetings with City – all by a 1-0 scoreline – since a 2-1 away win in May 2021. The Blues have not lost five consecutive league games against an opponent since a run of seven against Blackburn Rovers between 1993 and 1996.
Ten minutes gone at Stamford Bridge, and we are yet to have a real clear-cut chance. Both teams are showing plenty of attacking intent, but the two defences have been on top so far.
Palmer ignores passing options to instead go for goal himself, looking to make an impression against his former club. It proves to be a poor decision as City get enough players around Palmer to block his eventual shot.
City have won their last three Premier League away games against Chelsea, as many victories as they had in their previous 22 visits to Stamford Bridge (five draws, 14 defeats).
Alvarez whips an outswinging corner to Gvardiol at the back post, but his header is tame and easily saved by Sanchez. That is the first shot on target we have seen in the contest.
Fernandez's cross is cleared, but only to Gallagher 25 yards out. He takes a touch before unleashing a dipping effort goalwards, though it never troubles Ederson, who makes a comfortable stop.
PENALTY TO CITY!!! Bernardo Silva whips a cross from the left-hand side into the penalty area, and Cucurella is draped all over Haaland at the back post. The referee feels he has no choice but to point to the spot, though there will be a VAR check...
Cucurella receives a booking for hauling down Haaland. The Chelsea man found himself out of position, and his desperate attempts to stop Haaland reaching the ball gave the referee a decision to make.
Palmer disagrees with the referee's decision to award a penalty and receives a booking for dissent.
GOAL!!! HAALAND SCORES FROM THE SPOT!!! The prolific Norwegian makes no mistake with his penalty, stepping up before coolly sending Sanchez the wrong way, stroking into the bottom-left corner. City lead 1-0 at Stamford Bridge!
Haaland has now scored against 19 of the 21 sides he has played against in the Premier League, failing only against Brentford and Liverpool.
WHAT A SAVE!!! James takes a free-kick from a great shooting position, and his effort looks to be curling into the top corner, only for Ederson to leap and tip over at full stretch!
GOAL!!! THIAGO SILVA EQUALISES FOR CHELSEA!!! Gallagher's corner is whipped towards the near post, finding Thiago Silva, who has made a clever run to evade City's zonal marking. He flicks a header goalwards, and the ball flies past Ederson before nestling into the back of the net! It is 1-1 at Stamford Bridge!
Gallagher's corner delivery was excellent to pick out Thiago Silva at the near post.
It is game on at Stamford Bridge, and Chelsea will feel justice has been served after the controversial penalty award for Haaland's opener.
A driving run from Foden gets him into a great crossing position, but he overhits his cross and Haaland, waiting at the back post, can only sidefoot into the side netting from a tight angle. This game has really opened up now.
JUST WIDE! Foden is inches away from putting City back into the lead, cutting onto his left foot before curling goalwards. It looks to be flying in, but the ball arrows agonisingly past the post!
Thiago Silva is only the fourth different player to score a Premier League goal while aged 39 or older, along with Teddy Sheringham, Dean Windass, and Ryan Giggs.
GOAL!!! STERLING SCORES AGAINST HIS FORMER TEAM!!! Palmer slides a pass through for James, who evades the City defence before squaring the ball for Sterling at the back post. The winger makes no mistake, turning home to net against his old team-mates and put Chelsea 2-1 up against the champions!
James received the ball from Palmer before picking out a perfectly weighted ball for Sterling.
Chelsea are looking to add a quick third here to try and really tighten their grip on this game. This has been some turnaround from the hosts, and what a scalp this would be for Pochettino if his side can pull it off.
BIG SAVE!!! Bernardo Silva plays the ball into Haaland, who takes a touch before setting his sights on the bottom right corner. It looks for all the world like he will equalise, but Sanchez makes a vital stop to get down to his left and parry the shot away, preserving Chelsea's lead!
Foden drives infield before trying to catch Sanchez out at the near post, but the Chelsea goalkeeper is alert to make another save. His role will be huge if Chelsea are to come away with the points.
Sterling weaves into the City penalty area, but Jackson takes the ball off his toes, shooting himself. The effort is tame and straight at Ederson, who makes the stop.
There will be six minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
GOAL!!! AKANJI MAKES IT 2-2!!! City take a corner short, and Bernardo Silva arrows a teasing ball into the box. Akanji is completely unmarked, and he makes no mistake with his header, giving Sanchez no chance by nodding into the back of the net to equalise for the visitors!
Bernardo Silva has played a huge part in both of City's goals, exhibiting his crossing ability to help Haaland win the penalty before finding Akanji to level.
That will be hugely frustrating for Chelsea, who have fought so hard to come from a goal down before getting their noses in front. Switch off for one moment against this City side, and they will punish you.
This is the first time since April 1994 that this Premier League fixture has seen both sides score twice in the first half.
Sterling manages to force the ball through to Jackson, but there are three City defenders around him and they converge to block his shot behind for a corner.
HALF-TIME: CHELSEA 2-2 MANCHESTER CITY
And breathe! The referee blows the whistle to bring a pulsating first half to a close with the scoreline 2-2 at Stamford Bridge. The game took a while to catch fire, but City took the lead with 25 minutes on the clock, Haaland winning the penalty by being hauled down by Cucurella before calmly sending Sanchez the wrong way from the spot. Chelsea responded, though, and levelled just four minutes later, Thiago Silva nodding home from Gallagher's corner, before Pochettino's men took the lead with 37 minutes played, Palmer linking up with James before the right-back crossed for Sterling to tap home at the far post against his former team. City would reply themselves, however, Bernardo Silva picking out an unmarked Akanji with a cross before the centre-back headed home to send the game into the break at two apiece.
Where does this game go from here? Both sides have gone ahead and then let their leads slip, and both head coaches must be both encouraged and frustrated by what they have seen. It is great for the neutral, though, and we are surely set for another 45 minutes of thrills and spills after the interval!
City get the ball rolling again for the second half.
Assist Julián Álvarez
GOAL!!! HAALAND PUTS CITY 3-2 UP!!! Cucurella gives Foden far too much space down City's right, showing great patience to hold the ball up before playing it to Alvarez. The Argentina international fires a superb cross towards the back post, where Haaland is waiting to bundle home and give his side the lead again!
This City side is relentless. Chelsea have responded before in this game, and they will have to do it again if they are to come away with anything.
Rodri drives into the Chelsea box before teeing up Alvarez, though Sanchez is equal to the 23-year-old's shot. City are pressing for a fourth now.
Haaland has netted a brace in this match, after failing to score in either of his previous games for City against Chelsea.
Doku tries to win a penalty by taking a tumble in the Chelsea box, and the winger picks up a yellow card for simulation.
Haaland sets Doku away down the left, before the Belgium international cuts in and shoots. His effort is straight at Sanchez, but the Chelsea goalkeeper spills the ball straight back into the danger area. Haaland has made the run into the six-yard box, but the rebound does not fall his way and Chelsea can clear.
Doku, booked a moment ago for diving, is replaced by Grealish on City's left.
SAVE! Palmer nearly scores a wonderful individual goal, picking up the ball before driving past three or four City defenders to force himself through on goal. He is one on one with Ederson, but his flicked effort is saved by the City goalkeeper. That was excellent work until the finish from Palmer!
Caicedo is booked for wiping out Grealish as the visitors looked to counter.
This game is really opening up again with end-to-end action. This time, Foden sees a tame low effort easily saved by Sanchez, but it feels like there are certainly more goals to come.
Perhaps sensing the way this game is going, City enjoy a spell of possession to take the sting out of things. Chelsea will be wanting to speed up the tempo to give themselves a chance of getting back into the contest again.
Pochettino makes an attacking change, bringing on Mudryk for Fernandez. The substitute's pace could be a real asset in these latter stages.
James also makes way, jogging off for Gusto. The Chelsea captain has only just returned from injury, and Pochettino does not want to take too many risks considering the right-back's history.
Ederson appears to have a bit of a problem, briefly going to the turf to receive a bit of treatment, though he will try and soldier on.
GOAL!!! JACKSON MAKES IT 3-3!!! WHAT A GAME!!! Space opens up for Gallagher to let fly from distance, but his powerful effort is straight at Ederson. However, the City goalkeeper fails to deal with it, parrying the ball back into the danger area where Jackson is waiting to take a touch before finding the bottom corner to level for Chelsea again!
City scream for a penalty as Bernardo Silva's attempted cross is blocked by Disasi. The visitors think it has come off his arm, which is high in the air, but replays show the ball came off Disasi's head.
Twenty minutes to play at Stamford Bridge, and this game could go either way. Chelsea feel like they have the momentum, but you would be a fool to discount City's chances of victory considering their credentials.
Rodri bundles Palmer to the turf and receives a yellow card for his troubles.
A lofted ball over the top teases Ederson out of his goal. The City goalkeeper tries to clear, but the ball inadvertently hits Walker's arm. The home fans scream for a handball, but the incident happened outside the box and therefore VAR cannot intervene.
HUGE CHANCE!!! A golden opportunity for Chelsea to go 4-3 up goes begging as Sterling wins the ball high before nudging it to his right. Gusto is there, but he looks every bit the full-back as he blazes his shot high over the crossbar. That is a huge let-off for the visitors!
Gusto lands heavily on his back after challenging for an aerial ball. It gives the teams a much-needed chance to catch their breath after a frantic period.
Gusto is okay to continue and makes his way back onto the field, with Chelsea back to the full complement of 11 men.
Kovacic comes on at the ground he called home for five years, playing here for the first time since leaving Chelsea for City prior to this season. Alvarez is the man to make way.
Gallagher tries his luck with an ambitious long-range effort, but his dipping shot clears the crossbar and City will have a goal-kick.
Rodri and Gallagher briefly clash in midfield, but things are calmed down before anything worthy of a card happens.
Grealish tries to cut back and curl a cross over for Haaland at the back post, but the delivery is poor and does not give his striker any chance of reaching it, instead bouncing out for a goal-kick.
GOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!!!!! RODRI MAKES IT 4-3!!!!! The champions find the seventh goal of the game to get their noses back in front. Kovacic's shot is blocked, but only to Rodri outside the box. The midfielder lashes goalwards, and City receive a huge slice of luck as Thiago Silva's attempted block wrongfoots Sanchez and sends the ball into the back of the net!
Kovacic's shot was blocked by a Chelsea defender but took a nick off Haaland before Rodri fired home with the help of a deflection.
That is so, so cruel for Chelsea who have battled back so valiantly in this game but look like they are on the way to defeat.
Pochettino puts on Broja for Caicedo to help Chelsea's hunt for a late equaliser.
We are well into eight minutes of additional time at the end of this game. Can City see it out?
PENALTY TO CHELSEA!!!!! UNBELIEVABLE!!!! Chelsea will have the chance to level yet again from the spot as Broja, who has just come off the bench, is wiped out by Dias in the City box. The referee points to the spot, and the hosts will have a spot-kick!
Tempers frayed after the decision to award a penalty. Jackson is booked for his part in the scuffle.
Grealish receives a yellow card for his role in the melee.
GOOOOOAAAALLLLL!!!!!! PALMER LEVELS FROM THE SPOT!!!!! The game takes yet another twist as Palmer steps up to fire home against the club he called home for 15 years! Ederson guesses the right way, but the height on Palmer's spot-kick takes it over the City goalkeeper and in to make it 4-4 at Stamford Bridge!
Pochettino looks to shore things up by bringing on midfielder Ugochukwu for striker Jackson.
Sterling takes out Foden with a really poor challenge and receives a booking. Perhaps more pressing is that City will have a free-kick in a great shooting position. Does this game have a ninth goal in it?
Walker is the man trusted to take the free-kick, but his curling effort does not quite dip enough and instead clears the crossbar. It stays 4-4!
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 4-4 MANCHESTER CITY
A quite extraordinary eight-goal thriller at Stamford Bridge comes to an end and the teams will share the spoils after a 4-4 draw. The game took a while to catch fire, Haaland putting City ahead in the 25th minute from the spot after being hauled down by Cucurella, but Chelsea responded, levelling through Thiago Silva's header before Sterling scored against his former team to make it 2-1 to the hosts. Back came City, though, as an unmarked Akanji restored parity with a header in first-half added time before Haaland bundled home his second of the game to put the champions 3-2 up. Chelsea would again answer through Jackson to make it three goals apiece, but Rodri appeared to net the winner with four minutes left, firing home via a huge deflection off Thiago Silva to put City on the verge of victory. There would be one final twist, however, as Broja came off the bench to win a penalty after being brought down by Dias before Palmer, against the club whose academy he grew up in, stepped up to fire home from the spot and earn Pochettino's men a point. The result moves Chelsea up into the top half, and they will look to continue their upturn in form away at injury-hit Newcastle United after the international break. City miss the chance to extend their lead at the summit to three points, and they have a huge home game with Liverpool to look forward to after the hiatus. That is all we have for you from Stamford Bridge, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Crystal Palace and Everton at Selhurst Park.
Crystal Palace host Everton as they look to continue their momentum after an impressive 2-0 victory over Burnley at Turf Moor last week. The Eagles have found things difficult at home of late, failing to win their last three games at Selhurst Park in the Premier League (D2 L1). The Eagles tend to struggle against the Toffees, and have won just once in their last 17 meetings in the league (D8 L8). A win could see Roy Hodgson’s side climb into the top half heading into the international break.
Everton travel to London today, a city which has brought them plenty of joy so far this season. The Toffees have already defeated West Ham and Brentford in the capital this campaign and will be hoping to do so again at Selhurst Park. Sean Dyche’s men are in impressive form on the road, winning two of their last three games away from home. A victory could see the Merseyside club climb to 12th in the Premier League table.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-2-3-1): Sam Johnstone; Tyrick Mitchell, Marc Guehi, Joachim Andersen, Joel Ward; Jefferson Lerma, Will Hughes; Jeffrey Schlupp, Eberechi Eze, Jordan Ayew; Odsonne Edouard.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: Rob Holding, Michael Olise, Matheus Franca, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Nathaniel Clyne, Chris Richards, Cheick Doucoure, Naouirou Ahamada, Remi Matthews.
EVERTON (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Vitalii Mykolenko, Jarrad Branthwaite, James Tarkowski, Ashley Young; Dwight McNeil, Amadou Onana, James Garner, Jack Harrison; Abdoulaye Doucoure; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
EVERTON SUBS: Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, Arnaut Danjuma, Joao Virginia, Beto, Ben Godfrey, Idrissa Gueye, Youssef Chermiti, Lewis Dobbin.
Hodgson has made just the one change from last weekend’s victory over Burnley. The Palace manager will be delighted to welcome Eze back into the starting XI after returning from injury off the bench at Turf Moor, providing an assist in the final few minutes. The England international comes into midfield in place of Doucoure.
Meanwhile, Dyche has also opted to make just one alteration from the side who drew at home to Brighton last week. Onana missed the game against the Seagulls through injury, but he returns to the starting XI at Selhurst Park. Gueye drops to the bench to make way for the Belgian midfielder.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
Garner gets the game under way for Everton at Selhurst Park!
GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! EVERTON 1-0!!! After a scramble inside the box, Doucoure shows excellent composure to feed the ball into the path of Harrison on the right-hand side. The winger floats his cross towards the back post, and Mykolenko is there to power his header home. That's his second goal in as many weeks!
Harrison found himself in space on the right-hand side and his cross fell straight on the head of Mykolenko.
PENALTY TO PALACE! Eze dances through a host of Everton players and bursts into the box. Branthwaite leaves his leg out, and the England international goes down. The referee points to the spot!
GOOOAAALLL! 1-1! Palace equalise! After Branthwaite tripped Eze in the box, the referee pointed to the spot with no hesitation. Eze steps up, and calmly rolls the ball into the corner, leaving Pickford with no chance. A rapid response from Hodgson's side!
Doucoure and Ayew are down injured after a collision in the middle of the pitch. Both sets of physios are on to give treatment. After a short delay, it looks as though they will be able to continue.
Garner brings down Eze in midfield and the referee awards a free-kick to Palace. The Eagles midfielder is causing plenty of problems for Everton so far today. Dyche's side are struggling to deal with his trickery and creativity.
Hodgson's side are dominating the early proceedings, having 60.6 per cent of the possession. Dyche appears to be happy for his team to sit back and absorb the pressure, waiting to hit the Eagles on the counter, a tactic that has served him well during his time at Everton.
A spell of pressure from Palace now as Tarkowski is forced to head behind. Ayew gets the better of Mykolenko on the right-hand side and stands up his cross towards the back post. Edouard flings himself at it, but the Everton defender gets there first and it's behind for a corner.
A half-chance for the Toffees! Dyche's side work the ball well before Young swings in a deep cross towards the back post. McNeil strikes it on the volley towards goal, but Johnstone is there to make a comfortable save.
Harrison and Young link up on the right-hand side now and the latter swings in a dangerous cross towards Calvert-Lewin. The Everton striker battles with Ward for a header, but he doesn't connect properly with the delivery and it flies behind for a goal-kick.
Doucoure does well to keep the ball in play on the left before quickly finding McNeil in space inside the box. The Everton winger fires a cross into the penalty area, but Andersen is there to clear the danger. The Toffees are getting a little more joy in the final third now.
Eze is booked for diving! The Palace midfielder dances past multiple defenders before Branthwaite makes a challenge, but the referee feels he didn't touch him.
VAR are now checking for a penalty to Palace. Eze was initially adjudged to have dived, but they're now taking a look at it. The decision stands, NO PENALTY!
Eze commits a foul on Onana and the travelling away support aren't happy. The Palace midfielder was recently booked and the Everton supporters are calling for another card. The referee awards the free-kick and nothing more. It would certainly have been a harsh yellow to give.
Garner turns on the ball superbly just outside the Palace box, creating space for himself to get a shot off. The Everton midfielder looks to drill one towards the bottom corner, but it whistles past Johnstone's post.
Eze has been the standout player for Palace so far, causing Everton all sorts of problems in the first half. The midfielder has had four touches inside the opposition box since the game got under way, more than anyone else on the pitch.
Eze flicks the ball excellently beyond the Everton defence, and Edouard charges towards goal. However, Tarkowski does superbly to get back into position and makes a sliding challenge to deny the Palace attacker. He will be disappointed not to have done more there.
Young finds Harrison down the right-hand side with a throughball and the Everton winger sends a first-time cross into the box. Johnstone steps off his line and comes to collect the delivery comfortably. The Toffees are getting some joy on the right so far.
The Toffees are enjoying plenty of the ball in the last few minutes but are struggling to find a breakthrough. Onana has been at the heart of everything in midfield for Everton, but Dyche's side need to be a little more creative in the final third.
Calvert-Lewin has touched the ball just 11 times in the first half so far. The Toffees will need to get him more involved in the game if they want to get a result. The English striker has found the back of the net three times in the league this season and is Everton's joint-top goalscorer.
Palace are finding Eze in space regularly as he creates yet another opportunity. The Palace midfielder turns and threads a throughball towards Edouard. Pickford rushes out and just beats him to it, but the assistant has raised his flag for offside anyway.
The Everton players are appealing for a foul by Eze on Garner just outside the box, but the referee is having none of it. The Palace midfielder will have to be careful in the second half after his early yellow card.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of six minutes of added time.
Doucoure goes into the book for throwing the ball away after Palace were awarded a free-kick.
Eze creates another opportunity, slipping in Edouard on the right-hand side. The Palace striker gets an early shot off which is spilled by Pickford, and Tarkowski sends the ball behind for a corner. Dyche won't be happy with how much space Eze is getting in the middle of the park.
HALF-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 1-1 EVERTON
The two sides go into the break at 1-1. It was a frantic opening few minutes at Selhurst Park, with Everton taking an early lead through Mykolenko, who arrived in the box to head home Harrison’s cross. Just a few moments later, Branthwaite was adjudged to have fouled Eze in the box, and the Palace midfielder took the penalty himself, leaving Pickford rooted to the spot as he rolled the ball into the corner. Eze has been at the forefront of everything for Hodgson’s side from an attacking sense, and the Toffees need to find a way of dealing with him before he is involved in a goal once again.
It's been a game of minimal opportunities so far. Palace have managed to create 0.96 expected goals (xG), with a large chunk of that coming from the penalty. The Toffees' expected goals sits at 0.58, but Dyche will be more worried about the threat of Eze going the other way. The Eagles midfielder has created more chances than any other player on the pitch (2) and also won the penalty in the first few minutes. Will Dyche look to make a change in order to bring some more solidity to the midfield?
Dyche makes a change at the break, with Gueye coming into the midfield. Onana is the one to make way.
Hughes gets the second half under way at Selhurst Park!
Mykolenko latches on to a throughball down the left-hand side beyond the Palace defender and gets a cross into a dangerous area. Guehi is there to intercept and puts it out for a corner.
GOOOAAAALLL!!!! 2-1 EVERTON!!! A corner comes in and it’s headed away but only as far as Gueye. The midfielder tees up Mykolenko, who sends a superbly struck volley towards goal, but it bounces off the post. It falls to Doucoure who finds himself in acres of space in the penalty area and can tap the ball into an empty net! Doucoure gets his fourth Premier League goal of the season!
Everton are happy to sit back and allow Palace to come onto them after the Toffees took the lead once again. Palace are dominating possession, but are yet to find a breakthrough since the second half got under way.
Eze breaks into the Everton penalty area before shifting the ball onto his right and unleashing a strike towards the bottom corner. Pickford gets down well and makes the save, but it's a let-off for Dyche's side. Palace now have a corner as they amp up the pressure.
The Everton players aren't happy as Guehi appears to strike Tarkowski in the head with his boot. The defender goes down in some discomfort and the Toffees are awarded a free-kick. He might count himself lucky to have escaped a booking there.
Almost an own goal for Everton! Schlupp delivers a ball to the back post and Mykolenko and Gueye struggle to deal with it, and it bounces off the pair of them before Pickford claws it off the line and sends it out for a corner. A lucky escape for Dyche's side there.
The Eagles are beginning to turn the screw in the final third as a last-ditch tackle from Branthwaite prevents Edouard from getting a shot off. Everton have defended well in spells, but they need to stay focused for the remainder of the game to maintain their lead.
Palace have managed to have 77.6 per cent of the possession in the second half, with the Toffees camped in their own half inviting the pressure. However, Hodgson's side have only tested Pickford once, with a singular shot on target.
Huge chance for Palace! Lerma finds Edouard in space beyond the Everton defence and the forward stands up his marker before cutting inside. Edouard lays the ball back into the path of Lerma on the edge of the box, but he fails to hit the target with his strike. He really should have done better there!
Hodgson makes Palace's first change of the game, with Olise returning from injury, playing his first minutes of the season.
Olise is already causing problems for the Everton defence after coming off the bench. The Palace midfielder cuts inside from the right and looks to curl his shot beyond Pickford, but it deflects off a defender and goes behind for a corner. Could he be the spark that they need to get back into the game?
There's some activity on the Palace bench as Hodgson is considering making more changes to his side. They are enjoying plenty of the possession, but have been unable to find a breakthrough in the second half. The Eagles need to be a little more creative in the final third.
GOOOAAAALLL!!! 2-2 PALACE!! It’s a comedy of errors at the back! Lerma sends the ball into the penalty area with his head towards Tarkowski, but the Everton defender ducks out of the way of it expecting Pickford to come. Edouard pounces on the mistake and fires the ball into the back of the net!
Lerma headed the ball back into the danger zone, and Everton certainly weren't prepared for it at the back.
It's a straight swap in attack for the Toffees as Beto enters the fray in place of Calvert-Lewin.
The Selhurst Park faithful are making all the noise now after that goal, with the momentum shifting in their favour. Everton are struggling to get out of their own half and are having to withstand wave after wave of attacks from the Eagles.
Beto does superbly to win a foul off Guehi inside the Palace half. It's a rare opportunity for Everton to fill the box and try and cause problems for their opposition in the final third. McNeil is standing over it and whips it towards the penalty area, and the Toffees win a throw-in towards the corner flag.
Hodgson makes an alteration up top as Palace search for the winner. Edouard is the one to make way, with Mateta coming on in his place.
GOOAAAALLLL!!!! 3-2 EVERTON! Have the Toffees found a late winner? Doucoure turns on the ball in midfield and is in acres of space. The Mali international threads a perfectly weighted throughball towards Gueye, who takes it in his stride and fires past Johnstone. Late drama at Selhurst Park!
Assist Abdoulaye Doucouré
Yellow Card Amadou Ba Zeund Georges Mvom Onana
Garner brings down Ayew with an aggressive challenge as Palace looked to break, and the referee awards a yellow.
Palace are in search of an equaliser as Hodgson makes an attacking change, bringing on Ahamada for Hughes in the final stages of the game.
Dyche is looking to tighten things up at the back and brings on some fresh legs in defence, with Patterson entering the fray and Young coming off.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of eight minutes of added time at the end of the second half.
Everton are camped inside their own box in added time now, with Palace applying plenty of pressure in search of an equaliser. Dyche's side are doing everything they can to hold on, but the Eagles are having all of the possession.
What a chance! Everton managed to create a rare attack in the second half as Harrison evades his market and slips a throughball towards Beto. The Portuguese striker gets the ball out of his feet and fires it across goal, but it whistles past the post! He has to hit the target from there!
What a waste! Palace won a free-kick deep inside the Everton half after Mykolenko dragged Olise to the floor. The French midfielder stands over it, but he sends his cross high and wide and out for a goal-kick.
Mykolenko drags Olise to the ground in the final few minutes of the game and is given a yellow.
FULL-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 2-3 EVERTON
Everton snatched a late winner at Selhurst Park to defeat Palace 3-2! It was a hectic first few minutes of the game, with Mykolenko opening the scoring early on, before Eze found an equaliser shortly after. The two sides went into the break at 1-1, but Doucoure fired the Toffees back in front just after half-time. Hodgson's side levelled the scoring once again through Edouard, but it was Dyche's men who took the three points as Gueye hit the winner late on. Palace travel to Luton Town after the international break where they will hope to bounce back after a disappointing result. Everton host Manchester United in a few weeks time, where they will be desperate to continue their momentum. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Liverpool and Brentford at Anfield.
The Reds failed to make it three league wins in a row after being held to a 1-1 draw at newly promoted Luton Town last Sunday. Matters could have been far worse for Liverpool, who were saved by Luis Diaz’s late equaliser – the winger paying an emotional tribute to his father who was missing in Colombia before his release. Liverpool sit fourth in the league and would leapfrog third-placed Tottenham with a victory here.
Brentford are in impressive form before this visit to Merseyside, registering three straight wins in the top flight. Thomas Frank’s side swept aside Burnley with ease and made light work of Chelsea at Stamford Bridge before battling to a 3-2 victory over West Ham in their last outing. The Bees have never won at Anfield in the Premier League, however, with a 1-0 reverse in this fixture last season following a 3-0 defeat in the campaign before.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Alisson; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Joel Matip, Virgil van Dijk, Kostas Tsimikas; Dominik Szoboszlai, Wataru Endo, Cody Gakpo; Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez, Diogo Jota.
SUBSTITUTES: Callum Scanlon, Trey Nyoni, Caoimhin Kelleher, Luis Diaz, Jarell Quansah, Harvey Elliott, Luke Chambers, James McConnel, Ben Doak.
BRENTFORD (5-3-2): Mark Flekken; Kristoffer Ajer, Nathan Collins, Ethan Pinnock, Ben Mee, Mads Roerslev; Vitaly Janelt, Mathias Jensen, Christian Norgaard; Yoane Wissa, Bryan Mbeumo.
SUBSTITUTES: Neal Maupay, Zanka, Saman Ghoddos, Frank Onyeka, Thomas Strakosha, Myles Peart-Harris, Shandon Baptiste, Yehor Yarmolyuk, Michael Olakigbe.
Klopp makes four changes to his starting line-up that were held at Luton. Joe Gomez, Ibrahima Konate, Ryan Gravenberch all miss out, while Alexis Mac Allister is suspended. Tsimikas, Endo, Gakpo and Matip are the quartet to come in.
Frank opts for two alterations to his starting XI as Brentford switch to a five-man defence. Onyeka and Maupay drop to the bench as Roerslev and Mee come in from the start. Mbeumo and Wissa will operate as a two-man attack, with their pace likely to cause problems on the counter-attack for the Bees.
Liverpool have won their last seven home games against Brentford in all competitions, scoring 16 and conceding one, since a 4-3 loss in the top flight in November 1937. Can the Reds continue that impressive record here? We’re about to find out as kick-off approaches…
Referee Paul Tierney gets this Premier League clash underway!
Salah's early right-wing cross is headed away by Mee, who will lead the defensive line for Brentford here. The Bees will have a lot of those deliveries to deal with in this game, one would assume.
SAVE! Gakpo stings the palms of Flekken with an early rasping right-footed drive. The Netherlands international finds room outside the area but the Brentford goalkeeper saves with ease in the middle of his goal.
CHANCES! There is chaos inside the Liverpool area as Flekken launches a free-kick long. Matip can only clear as far as Pinnock, who hooks wide from near the penalty spot. Down the other end, Nunez almost beats the Brentford goalkeeper at his near post with a deflected left-wing cross.
Alexander-Arnold searches for Matip with a long pass from the back but Brentford usher the ball out for a goal-kick. It has been a lively start at Anfield.
Alexander-Arnold angles a throughball for the run of Nunez but Flekken is soon off his line to claim and ease the pressure. The Liverpool right-back is seeing a lot of possession in the early stages.
Salah has time on the right-hand side but his left-footed cross is poor and lands on the roof of Flekken's goal. Nunez was out in a wide position there, so Liverpool had little targets inside the area.
The Bees are furious as Jota wins a free-kick in the middle of the pitch for Mbeumo's sliding challenge. The Brentford forward seemed to get to the loose ball first, with the decision somewhat harsh on the visitors.
Pinnock heads behind Alexander-Arnold's cross for the first corner of the game. The England full-back takes the set-piece towards the near post, where Collins heads clear with little pressure on him.
Jota passes up on a great shooting opportunity before Gakpo offloads to Tsimikas, whose left-wing cross is deflected away by the scrambling Brentford defence. The Reds are getting numbers into the box but are yet to truly test Flekken.
CLOSE! Salah drifts into space on the right flank before rolling through for Nunez, whose first-time right-footed shot is kicked away at his near post by Flekken. The Bees cannot afford to give those two Liverpool attackers too many opportunities.
Alexander-Arnold's second corner of the game comes to nothing as Jota is deemed to have committed a foul inside the area. The Portugal international went down as well but referee Tierney punished the Reds forward.
OVER! Brentford offer the hosts a scare as Alexander-Arnold makes a mess of a clearance inside his own area. Mbeumo latches onto the loose ball before blasting a first-time left-footed strike both high and wide of Alisson's goal.
Brentford haven’t kept a clean sheet in any of their last 16 meetings with Liverpool in all competitions, since a top-flight goalless draw at Anfield in April 1936. Can the Bees keep their defence tight this time around?
Mbeumo spots the run of Roerslev but his throughball is overhit and Brentford have to play backwards before losing possession. Frank's side will have chances on the counter-attack but need to get the quality right on those delicate passes.
NO GOAL! Jota bursts down the left flank before finding Szoboszlai, who scuffs a left-footed shot from outside the area. The effort somehow trickles through to Nunez before the Liverpool forward finishes past Flekken from close range. The VAR will have a look at this one, though, as the assistant flagged for offside.
The decision remains with the on-field call as Nunez had strayed fractionally beyond the last man in the Brentford defence. Mee was deep as the last point of contact but the replays show the assistant was correct. It remains goalless at Anfield.
Mee stays down holding his head after his own team-mate, Pinnock, clatters into him when both are challenging for an aerial duel. The former Burnley centre-back will require some medical attention, offering the players a breather as the game pauses.
After some brief medical attention, Mee is fine to continue. The centre-back limps towards the touchline holding his lower back and head, but will soon return to the pitch.
NO GOAL! Roerslev heads behind as Salah looks to attack Tsimikas' left-sided cross. The Liverpool left-back takes the corner from the right-hand side and Van Dijk forces a good save from Flekken. Matip redirects the rebound back towards the six-yard area, where Nunez hooks an acrobatic finish into the top-right corner. The offside flag is once again up, though, and the VAR will check another decision.
For the second time in a short period, the VAR sticks with the assistant's decision and Nunez's acrobatic finish does not stand. The Uruguay international has twice been denied for offside in this first half.
Liverpool want to take a free-kick quickly but the referee stops play to caution Norgaard. The Brentford midfielder pulled back Jota to stop a counter-attack.
Back-to-back bookings come in a matter of seconds as Jota is once again felled by Ajer. The Brentford defender joins team-mate Norgaard in the referee’s book.
Tsimikas' free-kick bounces all over the place before Pinnock prods clear as Jota lurks inside the Brentford six-yard area. The Reds are dominating but have little to show for their efforts so far.
WHAT A CHANCE! Brentford should be ahead. Jensen releases Mbeumo down the middle of the pitch as the forward powers into the Liverpool box before attempting to chip over Alisson. The Brazil goalkeeper does just enough to parry away a save as he rushes out to close the angle down. The Bees attacker should have found the back of the net there.
Another head injury stops play at Anfield. Jensen goes down and the referee is forced to blow his whistle, much to the annoyance of the home crowd. Play soon restarts with a drop-ball at the feet of Van Dijk.
Flekken claws away an unconvincing save from Szoboszlai's right-wing centre. Frank's side are camped inside their own half but are defending with resolute brilliance at the minute to keep their hosts at bay.
Liverpool have won all eight of their games at Anfield in all competitions this season, all by a margin of two or more goals. In the Reds’ history, only from May to October 1980 have they ever won nine consecutive home games by at least two goals. They are yet to break past the Bees, though.
Matip is furious as he is cautioned for a late lunge on Norgaard. The Liverpool centre-back seemed to win the ball first, but referee Tierney disagrees.
Tsimikas has numerous attacking team-mates lining up but fails to find any of them with a low cutback pass from the left of the area. Nunez, Salah and Jota were all waiting but Brentford regroup in numbers to deal with the danger.
GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLL! LIVERPOOL OPEN THE SCORING! The Reds have been knocking and their reward finally arrives six minutes before half-time. Matip wins possession high up the pitch before Alexander-Arnold plays into the feet of Nunez. The Liverpool forward offloads for Salah, who takes a touch to the right of goal before sliding a left-footed finish into the bottom-left corner. 1-0 to Klopp’s side!
Twice denied by the offside flag, Nunez turns creator by spinning and picking out Salah, who does the rest with a cool strike from inside the Brentford area.
Mbeumo's cross is poor but Janelt keeps possession alive. Roerslev then angles towards the back post but Alisson claims with ease inside his six-yard box.
Wissa stays down after a thunderous Van Dijk sliding challenge, which would have been a foul if not for the offside flag moments before. The Brentford forward is soon fine to continue, though.
Liverpool swarm in a rampant press before Gakpo needlessly fells the backtracking Wissa. The Reds have been relentless in their efforts to win back possession so far.
Nunez crosses a hopeful delivery to the back post, where Flekken collects out the Anfield sky. Half-time is just moments away as Liverpool lead 1-0.
There will be SIX minutes of additional time to end this half, owing to the two VAR checks and injuries to both Mee and Norgaard.
SAVE! Gakpo goes down under pressure from Jensen but the referee shows no interest in awarding a free-kick. Liverpool soon regain possession before Nunez blasts a long-range right-footed strike that Flekken parries away.
CLOSE! Jota keeps alive a Liverpool attack before Alexander-Arnold clips a delicate cross towards the far post. Salah is completely unmarked but stretches too much and lifts over a volleyed finish. The Egypt international would have fancied his chances from that sort of range, so will be disappointed to not even hit the target.
The Anfield crowd want a free-kick and a red card for Collins, who lunges from behind but wins the ball first to stop Nunez from progressing. The Brentford centre-back had to get that one right, otherwise would have been dismissed immediately.
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 1-0 BRENTFORD
An entertaining first half comes to an end as Liverpool lead 1-0 against Brentford in Sunday's Premier League clash at Anfield. Nunez twice saw strikes ruled out for offside before the Uruguay forward turned creator to slide in Salah for his 39th-minute opener. The Egypt attacker's ninth league goal of the season proves the difference at the interval.
The Anfield crowd has been treated to an open and end-to-end clash, with Frank's side holding their own for large parts. Indeed, Brentford have accumulated 0.74 xG (expected goals), compared to Liverpool's 1.15, and the visitors could have taken the lead when Mbeumo was denied one-on-one with Alisson. The Bees have reason for encouragement, but must respond in the second half.
Frank makes a change at half-time, bringing off Janelt for Onyeka.
Liverpool get the ball rolling for the second half.
Mbeumo clatters into Alisson in an aerial duel and, as is so often the case nowadays, the Liverpool goalkeeper wins a free-kick inside his own six-yard area.
Matip, already on a booking, clumsily fells Mbeumo to offer Brentford a free-kick just outside the area. The Liverpool centre-back must be careful, otherwise his next foul could lead to a dismissal.
SAVE! Mbeumo and Jensen hover over the free-kick, slightly to the left but just outside the Liverpool area. The Brentford midfielder lifts a right-footed strike over the wall before Alisson tips a routine save behind for a corner.
Jensen delivers the right-sided corner towards the near post but Norgaard fails to make contact with a header when unmarked. The Bees will fancy their chances from those sort of set-piece opportunities.
Tsimikas opts for the selfish option by blasting over with a left-footed effort from outside the area. Flekken never appeared troubled there and was comfortable in watching the strike fly into the Kop end behind the goal.
Another on a caution, Norgaard is once again penalised for handling when attempting to control a loose ball. Both him and Matip must be careful if they are to see out the 90 minutes. Gakpo rifles well over shortly after from range.
Endo thunders into a sliding challenge and leaves Norgaard on the ground. Liverpool play on as Alexander-Arnold's cross is cleared inside the Brentford area. The referee then stops the game for the Bees midfielder to receive medical attention. The VAR will have a look at the tackle as well.
No further action is required from the referee, despite the VAR checking Endo's clattering sliding challenge on Norgaard. Both midfielders were lunging for the ball and the pair escape without further punishment. The Brentford man is fine to continue, too.
Salah attempts to nudge a pass into the Brentford area but Pinnock blocks with his chest. Slight appeals for handball from the Reds fall on deaf ears as the centre-back used his body rather than an arm.
Mbeumo thinks he has a chance to the left of goal but Van Dijk prods a clearance behind. The Brentford forward's corner is cleared at the near post shortly after.
Norgaard powers into the Liverpool area after a quick one-two before Matip produces a last-ditch block to thwart the Bees midfielder. Frank's side are far from out of this game.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 2-0 LIVERPOOL! The Bees were growing in confidence but that goal could end this game as a contest. Jota pokes through for Tsimikas, who stretches to keep the ball in play and cross towards the back post. Salah heads a simple finish into the back of the net to double his account and Liverpool’s lead. Brentford insist Tsimikas had not kept it in play but the VAR sticks with the on-field decision.
Tsimikas does well to race in behind the Brentford defence, lunging to loop a back-post cross for Salah to finish with ease. The Bees switched off as they thought the left-back had not kept it in.
Salah has scored (17 goals) or assisted (3 goals) in each of his last 15 home Premier League appearances. Only two other players have ever done so in 15 in a row – Alan Shearer (twice, March 1995 – February 1996, 18 in a row & April 1996 – May 1997, 17) and Thierry Henry (November 2002 – October 2003, 17).
Mbeumo wins another corner on the left-hand side. All of the Brentford defence come forward but can they make this one count?
CLOSE! Mbeumo swings a left-sided corner to the near post, where Norgaard redirects towards the bottom-right corner. Wissa and Pinnock stretch for a tap-in but Alisson watches the ball gratefully behind for a goal-kick.
Salah has been directly involved 119 goals in 117 appearances for Liverpool at Anfield in the Premier League (87 goals, 32 assists). The Reds star will fancy a hat-trick to cap a sensational game on a personal level.
Nunez lurks inside the six-yard area but Flekken claims Salah's right-wing cross. The Liverpool frontline are tearing the Brentford defence apart at will in this second half.
Frank is readying his second change on the touchline as Liverpool usher a loose ball out for a goal-kick. The Bees need a minor miracle to get back into this game.
It’s going to be a triple change from Brentford. The first of which sees Wissa off for Maupay, who scored in his last outing against West Ham.
Jensen, who covered a lot of ground without any reward, comes off for Yarmolyuk.
As part of the final change, Frank signals his attacking intent by sending on Ghoddos for Roerslev.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! LIVERPOOL MAKE IT 3-0! Jota’s first volleyed attempt is cleared as far as Tsimikas, who bursts down the left flank before offloading back to his team-mate. The Portugal international dances inside towards the edge of the area before curling a right-footed strike into the top-right corner. Flekken is completely unsighted by a wall of Brentford bodies and can do nothing to keep it out!
Tsimikas collects his second assist of the game with a simple offload to Jota, who does the rest with a cracking strike past Flekken.
No Robertson, no problem. Tsimikas has offered the Reds so much from left-back and deserves his second assist of this clash. The Liverpool full-back leads his side for key passes (three) and is proving the perfect understudy for the Scotland international.
Mbeumo whips a right-sided corner towards the near post but Alisson punches clear. Tsimikas is then forced to turn behind once more as the Bees look for another set-piece chance.
CLOSE! Mbeumo delivers another corner from the right flank and Norgaard flicks towards the back post. Matip is there to turn away before Pinnock forces a smart save from Alisson after the resulting corner.
A fourth consecutive corner from Brentford has Liverpool with their backs against the wall. Mbeumo once again takes towards the far post but, after a flick-on, Maupay fluffs his lines and misses a volleyed attempt.
Liverpool have won their opening five home Premier League games this season – only twice in the Premier League era have they started a season with six wins at Anfield: 2019-20 (won first 17) and 2020-21 (first seven). The Reds are on course to achieve that feat here.
A couple of throw-ins come for Brentford and they eventually opt to go long through Pinnock. Van Dijk heads away before Mbeumo hooks a poor right-footed strike well wide of Alisson's goal.
Gakpo also makes way for Elliott, who created Diaz's opener at Luton last weekend.
Diaz makes an emotional return to Anfield. The Colombia winger’s father was released this week after 13 days in captivity from a kidnapping in his homeland. The home crowd rise to their feet as the forward comes on for Jota.
The Bees have not shied away from their task after going 3-0 down. For the minute, Frank's side will leave with little to show for their endeavours as they head towards another defeat at Anfield.
Ghoddos tries his luck from range but spoons well over with a woeful right-footed effort. That sums up Brentford's attacking output in this game.
Another chance, another miss. Yarmolyuk steps inside but blasts high over the crossbar with another tame right-footed attempt. Frank's side have found the space but just cannot hit the target.
CHANCE! Elliott drives forward before taking matters into his own hands with a dipping left-footed drive. Flekken parries away before Salah ushers the ball out for a corner on the right-hand side.
Szoboszlai drills a low effort from outside the area that Flekken is always going to save, diving low to his right. Klopp then brings on Quansah for the impressive Alexander-Arnold.
There will be six minutes of additional time to end this clash at Anfield. Alisson beats away an assured punch from Mbeumo's inswinging delivery as Liverpool battle on for their clean sheet.
14 of Brentford’s last 15 Premier League wins have come in London, the exception being a victory at Southampton in March. Since the start of last season, the Bees have only won two of their 16 games staged outside the capital (D6 L8). That run looks set to continue here.
Szoboszlai receives a standing ovation from the Anfield faithful as the midfielder makes way for youngster McConnel.
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 3-0 BRENTFORD
Liverpool jump up to third in the Premier League after a 3-0 victory over Brentford at Anfield. Salah opened the scoring with his well-taken 39th-minute strike, punishing the Bees for failing to take their chances before half-time. Nunez had twice seen goals ruled out for offside prior to the opening goal, but will take some comfort from assisting the breakthrough before the interval. Salah doubled his account and Liverpool’s lead after the break, heading in Tsimikas’ cross as Brentford appealed that the ball had gone out of play. Those claims fell on deaf ears and matters worsened for the Bees as Jota smashed in from Tsimikas’ short offload, the left-back registering his second assist of the game. Cruising to victory, Klopp introduced Diaz for his first Anfield appearance since his father was released from captivity after being kidnapped in Colombia. The Reds move level on points with the top two, Arsenal and Manchester City – the latter of whom visit Chelsea later on Sunday and will look to make use of their game in hand. The international break offers club football the chance to pause, with Klopp’s men next travelling to Pep Guardiola’s champions on November 25, when Brentford host Arsenal. That is all for now, until next time – goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Manchester United and Luton Town at Old Trafford.
It has been another challenging week for the hosts, suffering a 4-3 Champions League defeat away at Copenhagen in midweek, one that leaves their chances of progression to the last 16 in serious doubt. That was their third defeat in four games in all competitions, though they did beat Fulham 1-0 in the Premier League last weekend thanks to Bruno Fernandes' injury-time winner.
Luton also picked up a decent result last weekend, drawing 1-1 with in-form Liverpool at Kenilworth Road, though it could have been so much more with the Hatters leading until the 95th minute, when Luis Diaz nodded in an equaliser. Rob Edwards' men have only won one Premier League game this season, though that sole victory did come away from home, beating Everton 2-1 at Goodison Park in September.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Diogo Dalot, Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof, Sergio Reguilon; Scott McTominay, Christian Eriksen; Marcus Rashford, Bruno Fernandes, Alejandro Garnacho; Rasmus Hojlund.
SUBS: Mason Mount, Altay Bayindir, Hannibal Mejbri, Antony, Facundo Pellistri, Raphael Varane, Kobbie Mainoo, Anthony Martial, Sofyan Amrabat.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-3): Thomas Kaminski; Gabriel Osho, Tom Lockyer, Teden Mengi; Alfie Doughty, Ross Barkley, Marvelous Nakamba, Issa Kabore; Andros Townsend, Carlton Morris, Chiedozie Ogbene.
SUBS: Tahith Chong, Ryan Giles, Jordan Clark, Tim Krul, Elijah Adebayo, Zack Nelson, Luke Berry, Jacob Brown, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu.
Erik ten Hag makes two changes from the defeat at Copenhagen, with Evans absent after limping off in that match because of a muscle injury. Interestingly, there is still no start for Varane, with Lindelof the man chosen to deputise for Evans. Aaron Wan-Bissaka is absent from the squad altogether, with Reguilon starting in his place, while Hojlund will look to finally open his Premier League account here, scoring five times in four Champions League outings for United but yet to find the back of the net in the league.
Edwards names an unchanged starting XI from the 1-1 draw with Liverpool last weekend, with Chong still on the bench despite netting the goal to put the Hatters 1-0 up in that match. Kabore impressed against the Reds and retains his place on the right of the four midfielders, while Morris will look to end a run of five games without a goal, leading the line and flanked by Townsend and Ogbene.
The teams enter the Old Trafford pitch and kick-off is now just moments away! Who will come out on top? We will find out shortly!
The hosts kick us off and we are under way in Manchester!
United are already dominating possession, with Luton content to dare their hosts to try and break them down. Ten Hag will be keen for his dangerous attacking players to get on the ball.
Fernandes whips a corner into the danger area, but Maguire is penalised for a foul on Nakamba and the visitors will have a free-kick. There is a brief VAR check for a potential handball, but no penalty is awarded and Luton survive.
Lindelof's long ball is nodded down into the path of Rashford, but the winger gets well underneath his shot and the ball is skied high over the crossbar. The winger is not in the best of form, but with this game marking his 250th in the Premier League, he will hope to celebrate with a goal to help his team to three important points.
WHAT A SAVE! Hojlund's wait for a Premier League goal goes on as Kaminski comes to the rescue for Luton. Rashford is played in down the right before lofting a cross into the box with the help of a deflection. Hojlund is five yards out from goal and it seems he cannot miss, but Kaminski somehow manages to keep the ball out with a quite incredible stop!
Twelve minutes gone at Old Trafford, and Hojlund's chance a moment ago is the closest either team has come to open the scoring. Luton are sitting back, yet to exhibit any attacking intent.
Rashford is the 16th different player to reach 250 Premier League games for United, while at 26 years and 11 days old, he is the youngest to do so.
Rashford plays it down the line for Dalot, who whips a decent first-time cross into the middle for McTominay. The Scotland international nods goalwards, but his header loops over the crossbar and never troubles Kaminski.
Ten Hag's men have had 83.9 per cent of possession so far in this game. This is a risky tactic for Luton, and it does feel a matter of time before United fashion another clear-cut chance.
CLOSE! Garnacho injects a bit of pace into a United attack, weaving into the box before cutting in and firing, but the shot goes just over the crossbar. The hosts will need to do more of that if they are to break down this Luton low block.
Onana is tested for the first time as Ogbene shoots from long range, though the effort is straight at the United goalkeeper, who easily saves.
Fernandes arrows a delightful ball into the Luton penalty area, but it misses everybody. Rashford was waiting at the back post but did not seem to expect the ball to reach him, and it skims out harmlessly for a goal-kick.
This is the first league meeting between United and Luton since April 1992 (a 1-1 draw at Kenilworth Road), and the first at Old Trafford since a 5-0 Red Devils win in September 1991.
Hojlund's 10th-minute chance was worth 0.68 xG (expected goals), a huge proportion of the 1.05 xG United have produced to this point. He just cannot seem to find the back of the net in the Premier League.
Luton are winless in 11 meetings with United in all competitions (two draws, nine defeats) since a 2-1 home win in March 1987. This is their first game against them since a 3-0 home loss in the League Cup in September 2020.
A deep Fernandes corner makes it to Rashford at the back post, but the winger's first-time volley is blocked behind for a corner by Kabore.
For all of their territory and possession, United have managed just the one shot on target so far. Ten Hag will be frustrated by this performance to this point, though the feeling will change if his team can get their noses in front before half-time.
WHAT A STOP! Luton have shown precious little in attack, but they go mightily close to taking the lead through Morris. Kabore whipped a superb ball into the mix, and Morris' powerful header looked destined for the bottom corner, only for Onana to make an acrobatic fingertip save down to his left!
Eriksen looks a little shaken up, and Ten Hag may be forced into a change here. Amrabat and Mount would be among the candidates to come on in Eriksen's place.
Eriksen does indeed limp off, and Mount is the man chosen to deputise as he makes his way onto the pitch.
Kaminski makes another important intervention for Luton. Garnacho receives the ball on the left of the box and looks to take it around the visiting goalkeeper, but Kaminski holds him up just enough to give Kabore time to get back and make the clearance.
As we close in on the break, can either side get their noses in front to put them in position to pick up three much-needed points?
There will be two minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 0-0 LUTON TOWN
The half-time score is 0-0 at Old Trafford, largely thanks to good work from the two goalkeepers. Kaminski was the first to make an impact, somehow denying Hojlund from close range after Rashford's deflected cross found the young forward five yards out from goal. Luton frustrated United but struggled to create much going forward. However, they went very close to taking the lead with 36 minutes on the clock, Morris powering a header towards the bottom corner, only to be rebuffed by an exquisite Onana save to ensure the game reaches the break goalless.
Edwards will surely be the happier of the two managers heading back to the changing rooms. His team have restricted United to just the one shot on target, and Ten Hag will surely be demanding more from his players after the break to kick on and claim the three points they will have expected to.
The Hatters get the ball rolling again for the second half.
Luton have now failed to score a first-half goal in 11 of their 12 games, more often than any other team in the Premier League this season.
CLOSE! Clever movement from Hojlund sees him ghost in to meet Fernandes' free-kick, but his flicked header goes wide of the left post. It has been an encouraging start to the second half from the hosts.
Reguilon looks every bit a defender as he blazes high into the Stretford End, never anywhere close to troubling Kaminski.
Barkley needlessly gives the ball away and Fernandes' eyes light up as he spots Garnacho streaking away down the left. However, the chance for a counter is wasted as Fernandes' pass is well overhit, skipping out for a throw-in. Barkley will be relieved.
Despite only having six shots to United's nine, the Hatters have actually managed more attempts on target than their hosts, creating three to the Red Devils' one.
All three of Fernandes’ Premier League goals for Manchester United this season have been the winning goal of the game – indeed, no player has scored more winners than the Portuguese this term. Can he come up big for his side again here?
GOAL!!! LINDELOF FIRES UNITED IN FRONT!!! The hosts finally have the opener as Rashford's drilled cross into the box causes havoc. It falls to McTominay, but he fluffs his lines. Fortunately for United, the ball sits up perfectly for Lindelof to blast past Kaminski and into the back of the net to put Ten Hag's men 1-0 up!
Chong came off the bench to great effect against Liverpool, and Edwards again turns to him as a response to Lindelof's goal. Townsend is the man to make way.
Lindelof's goal was just his fourth in the Premier League, having made his debut in the competition in the 2017-18 campaign. He is an unlikely hero for United, but there is plenty of time for Luton to find a leveller.
This is Ten Hag’s 50th Premier League game in charge of United. He is the 17th manager to reach 50 top-flight games with the Red Devils, while a victory would see him become the only one to win as many as 30 of his first 50 with the club. Lindelof's strike has put him on course to achieve that impressive feat.
Ten Hag makes his second change, bringing on Antony for Garnacho. The Argentina international created three chances in his time on the pitch, more than any other player.
CHANCE! A huge opportunity to potentially put this game to bed goes begging for the hosts. Antony makes an instant impact by playing a lovely throughball into the path of Rashford. The England international is a man struggling for confidence, and that is shown in his eventual strike, straight down the throat of Kaminski, who makes the save.
Doughty has not been able to utilise his usually excellent crossing ability in this match, and now limps off for Clark.
Kabore clatters into Rashford and receives a yellow card for his troubles.
Another opportunity to potentially put the game to bed comes and goes as the ball comes out for Fernandes to lash goalwards, though Osho gets back in the nick of time to block behind for a corner.
Hojlund is down and struggling, and Ten Hag may have yet another injury concern.
Hojlund is indeed forced off, and Martial is on in his place. It is another Premier League game without a goal for the Denmark international.
Reguilon also makes way, as Varane comes on to shore things up for United. Much has been made of his continued absences, though he gets the chance to impress here.
SAVE! Kaminski makes another vital stop. Fernandes' cross was curled in for McTominay, who managed to flick a header towards the bottom right corner. It looked to be heading into the back of the net, but Kaminski got down to his left to turn around the post and keep his side in it.
The visitors have mustered just 0.4 xG so far. They will have to create more if they are to find a way back into this match.
Five minutes to go at Old Trafford, and Luton are starting to throw a few more bodies forward as they go in search of an equaliser. Edwards also makes a trio of substitutions. The first sees Nakamba come off for Mpanzu.
Giles is on for Ogbene, who has struggled to make the same impact here as he did against Liverpool last weekend.
Adebayo is a real aerial threat, and he replaces Kabore in an attacking change for the visitors.
United have the ball where they want it, pressing for a second goal rather than inviting Luton pressure on. The Hatters need to show more attacking threat, though there has been precious little of that in the second half.
Edwards' men will have eight minutes to try and find an equaliser. Can they do it?
Luton just cannot get the ball into positions to hurt United, who are looking pretty comfortable as they close in on three huge points. Time is running out on the Hatters.
Lockyer cynically wipes out Rashford just before the United man can dribble into the box. Perhaps more of an issue is that the hosts will have a free-kick in a great shooting position. Fernandes places the ball down...
Fernandes gets his free-kick all wrong, firing high and wide of the target. A player of his calibre has to do better there.
There is more frustration for the visitors as Morris needlessly gives away a free-kick for a foul on McTominay in midfield. The seconds are continuing to tick down.
Onana gets down to his left to make a comfortable save to deny Mengi, and that might just be that.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 1-0 LUTON TOWN
The full-time whistle goes as United celebrate a much-needed 1-0 victory thanks to Lindelof's 59th-minute winner! Hojlund should have put the hosts ahead with 10 minutes gone, though Kaminski made a superb stop to deny the Denmark international a first Premier League goal, while Onana also came up big for his team as he acrobatically tipped Morris' powerful header around the post. The winner came with just over half an hour remaining, Rashford's drilled cross causing all sorts of problems before Lindelof thundered home. United saw out the remaining minutes relatively comfortably to pick up a vital victory, one that moves them up to sixth in the table, three points off fourth-placed Liverpool ahead of their home game with Brentford on Sunday. For Luton, that draw takes them out of the relegation zone, albeit with two of the three sides below them holding a game in hand on the Hatters. Both teams are in league action next time out, with Luton hosting Crystal Palace on Saturday before United travel to Goodison Park to play Everton the following day. That is all we have for you from Old Trafford, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between West Ham and Nottingham Forest at London Stadium.
West Ham beat Olympiakos in midweek to move to the top of Group A in the Europa League and will be looking to continue their momentum into the Premier League. The Hammers have lost their last three top-flight matches against Aston Villa, Everton and Brentford, conceding eight goals. David Moyes’ men won three of their first four games but have only secured one victory in their previous seven fixtures. As a result, they have dropped down to 13th place. However, West Ham will take encouragement from the fact that they have triumphed in four of their last five Premier League home matches against Forest, with their only defeat coming back in January 1997.
Forest ended their six-game winless run with an impressive 2-0 win over in-form Aston Villa at the City Ground in their previous outing. Ola Aina's strike from outside the box put Steve Cooper's men ahead after five minutes, with Orel Mangala doubling Forest's advantage soon after half-time. The Tricky Trees' first league win since the start of September has pushed them seven points clear of the relegation zone, but they will have to perform better on their travels if they want to make it back-to-back victories. They have lost 17 games away from home since the start of the 2022-23 season and failed to score on 13 occasions (including their previous three on the road).
WEST HAM (4-3-3): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Kurt Zouma, Nayef Aguerd, Emerson; Tomas Soucek, Edson Alvarez, James Ward-Prowse; Mohammed Kudus, Jarrod Bowen, Lucas Paqueta.
WEST HAM SUBS: Lukasz Fabianski, Aaron Cresswell, Pablo Fornals, Michail Antonio, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Danny Ings, Angelo Ogbonna, Said Benrahma, Thilo Kehrer.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-3-3): Odysseas Vlachodimos; Ola Aina, Moussa Niakhate, Murillo, Harry Toffolo; Ibrahim Sangare, Orel Mangala, Nicolas Dominguez; Morgan Gibbs-White, Taiwo Awoniyi, Anthony Elanga.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Matt Turner, Neco Williams, Cheikhou Kouyate, Chris Wood, Ryan Yates, Serge Aurier, Divock Origi, Danilo, Willy-Arnaud Boly.
West Ham make three changes to the side that beat Olympiakos in the Europa League. Areola returns to take his usual Premier League place in goal for the Hammers, with Fabianski dropping onto the bench. Captain Zouma returns after missing the last few matches and comes in for Mavropanos. Soucek also starts instead of Benrahma in the midfield.
Unsurprisingly, Forest name the same team that started their 2-0 win over Villa in their previous Premier League outing. They are also boosted by the return of Origi and Wood to the squad, with the pair back from injury.
Forest have won just two of their last 17 top-flight meetings with West Ham (drawing seven and losing eight), with both wins coming by a 1-0 scoreline in January 1997 and August last season. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Forest get this Premier League clash under way.
Forest manager Cooper will be hoping that his Forest side will take encouragement from their win over Villa in their previous match to claim a rare away win in the league. Among managers to take charge of at least 25 Premier League matches, only Nigel Worthington (21.2 per cent) and Brian McDermott (21.7 per cent) have won a lower percentage of their points in away games than Nottingham Forest manager Steve Cooper (12 out of 51, 23.5 per cent).
GOALLL! WHAT A START FOR WEST HAM! 1-0! The hosts have the lead inside three minutes. Dominguez looks to lift the ball over to the right, but his pass deflects off of a team-mate and straight to Paqueta. He has possession outside the box and strikes his effort into the bottom corner.
West Ham break forward again through Ward-Prowse, who slides a pass down the left to Emerson. He looks to whip a cross into the box, but Aina makes the block.
West Ham have been brilliant in the opening seven minutes of the match and already have the lead. Kudus is looking energetic on the right and is trying to get on the ball as much as possible. However, he has not had a chance to run at Toffolo.
Niakhate launches a long throw-in into the box that is headed away by Alvarez. It comes back to the centre-back, but his pass is tame and Soucek pokes it clear.
Coufal darts down the right with possession and plays a quick one-two with Kudus. He is up against Elanga, with the Forest man doing well to force the ball out for a goal-kick. Coufal is furious with the referee as he thinks West Ham should have a corner.
SAVE! What a stop from Areola. Gibbs-White's cross from the right is heavy, but Elanga does well to recover it on the other side before rolling a pass back to Toffolo. He then curls a cross onto the head of Awoniyi, who has his effort pushed away by Areola.
Niakhate has a throw-in on the left, but it is poor and West Ham break away with speed. Kudus rushes through the middle and has Ward-Prowse to his right but decides to go to Paqueta on his left. He looks to score his second goal of the game, but his effort is tame. Ward-Prowse is frustrated that the ball didn't go to him.
Murillo was defending against Paqueta and slips in front of him before Vlachodimos made a simple save. He seems hurt and needs medical attention, but will be fine to continue.
West Ham were by far the better team in the opening 10 minutes, but Forest are starting to grow into the game and are keeping possession well. Awoniyi looks to poke a fast throughball into the path of Elanga, but his pass is intercepted.
Kudus rolls past Toffolo before being pushed in the back by Mangala. West Ham still have possession, but the referee gives a free-kick. Moyes wanted the game to continue with his team on the ball.
Coufal has space on the right and he lofts a deep cross over to Paquetá at the back of the box. He shapes to shoot on the volley but instead attempts to play a pass inside, allowing Forest to clear the ball away.
Elanga isolates Coufal on the left. He pushes the ball past the right-back before getting fouled. Coufal is then shown the first yellow card of the game.
Toffolo plays a ball down the right and slides a pass down the wing to Elanga, who wins a corner off Coufal. Gibbs-White looks for options in the middle, but Areola punches it away. Although nothing comes of the attack, Forest will be encouraged by Elanga's ability to challenge Coufal, who is on a yellow card.
Coufal is being challenged defensively but is having a lot of joy in the attack. He chests the ball past Elanga and sends a searching cross into the box, but it is just beyond Bowen in the middle.
All of Forest's attacks are coming down the left. Elanga pokes the ball through Coufal's legs and rushes around the other side. He has time to find an option in the heart of the box but sends his cross straight into the gloves of Areola.
West Ham are clever in possession on the right. Ward-Prowse cuts a pass across to Soucek, who attempts to curl a pass down the right of the box to Bowen. However, he is tracked by Niakhate, who lets the ball go out for a goal-kick.
Ward-Prowse is pulling the strings for West Ham. He has possession on the left and looks to curl a pass into the feet of Bowen, but Vlachodimos reads his intentions and rushes off his line to claim it.
West Ham have won just six of their last 34 Premier League matches against sides who aren’t newly promoted to the division that season (drawing eight and losing 20), with two of those wins coming against sides relegated last season (1-0 v Southampton in April, 3-1 v Leeds in May). They have been the better side so far and are putting Forest under pressure down the wings.
Sangare trips Kudus, who was breaking into Forest's half. He is fortunate not to be shown a yellow card that would see him miss their next game against Brighton.
Elanga collects a direct pass on the byline and wins a corner off Coufal, who is having an indifferent game against the winger. Gibbs-White sends an inswinging corner into the box, but Areola punches it away. Forest work the ball back to Gibbs-White. However, his second cross is cleared away and Forest are forced back. The former Wolves man will be disappointed with his deliveries into the box so far.
WIDE! Forest break away through Gibbs-White, but his flicked pass is poor and West Ham have it back. Kudus finds Bowen, who has a cross blocked. The hosts recycle possession back to Alvarez, who strikes a shot well wide from distance.
Paqueta and Gibbs-White battle for the ball in the air, with the West Ham man coming off worse. There are some concerns around London Stadium with the Brazil international staying down, but he returns to his feet after a short period on the floor.
Kudus looks to rush past Toffolo on a couple of occasions, but the left-back gets the better of the West Ham man to win possession. Kudus has not had a lot of luck down the right, with most of his best work coming down the middle third of the pitch.
West Ham’s Bowen has been involved in 10 goals in his last 12 Premier League starts (eight goals and two assists), although only three of those have come at the London Stadium (two goals and one assist). He has had a quiet half up front and has not had a lot of service. Coufal has another chance to find him in the box but sends his cross straight out for a goal-kick.
GOALLL! AWONIYI SCORES! 1-1! Forest are level! Sangare wins possession in the midfield and sends a pass down the right to Gibbs-White. He gets the better of Emerson and drives a low shot across the goal that is pushed away by Areola. However, Awoniyi is free and he taps the ball in from close range.
Awoniyi has scored six of Nottingham Forest's last eight away goals in the Premier League.
There will be three minutes of additional time.
West Ham will be frustrated with the late goal that they have conceded. They were controlling the pace of the game and were putting some nice passing moves together outside the box, but couldn't add to their early goal.
HALF-TIME: WEST HAM 1-1 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
Awoniyi scored just before half-time to send West Ham and Forest into the break level at 1-1. The Hammers were the better side in the opening exchanges and scored inside three minutes. Paqueta made the most of a poor pass from Dominguez and drilled his low shot into the bottom corner. Awoniyi thought he netted the equaliser later on, but his header was saved excellently by Areola. Paqueta had a shot saved, and Alvarez missed the target with an ambitious effort before Forest were level. Gibbs-White got the better of Emerson down the right and had a low shot across the goal pushed away by the goalkeeper. However, Awoniyi was there for the rebound and had a simple finish.
West Ham looked in control after scoring after three minutes but struggled to create noteworthy opportunities. They only accumulated an expected goals (xG) of 0.35 compared to Forest's 1.12 and were forced to keep possession outside the opposition's box. Bowen usually plays on the wing but has struggled up front, only having five touches in the half. As for Forest, they have been bright in spells and deserved their equaliser. Elanga was one of their best players and constantly looked to beat Coufal on the left, with the right-back having to be careful after being shown a yellow card.
Dominguez gifted West Ham the opener and is now coming off after a poor performance in the first half. Danilo takes his place in the midfield.
West Ham get the ball rolling again.
Bowen weaves his way through Forest's defence on the right and pokes a pass into the heart of the box. Emerson tries to get there before Vlachodimos, but the goalkeeper gets down to claim it.
CHANCE! Forest should have taken the lead. Vlachodimos launches the ball up the pitch, with Awoniyi allowed to take it down inside West Ham's half. He combines with Elanga and moves into the box before dragging a shot wide.
The second half has started with chances at either end. This time Ward-Prowse has the ball and lays it into the feet of Emerson. He strides past a couple of Forest players before driving his shot across the goal and wide from outside the box.
West Ham have lost their last three Premier League games, last enduring a longer losing run at the end of 2022, when they lost their final five games of last year. They will be hoping to stop Forest's momentum in the game after their late goal just before half-time.
Coufal wins a corner on the right and Ward-Prowse walks over to take it. His outswinging corner is headed away by Murillo, with Emerson's cross back into the box poor.
Forest rush forward on the counter through Elanga, who has possession on the left. He moves inside and has a shot blocked, with Gibbs-White lashing over the rebound. Both of their chances in the half have come through West Ham corners.
Niakhate goes into the book after blocking Emerson.
Ward-Prowse is over a free-kick on the left near the corner flag. He goes for a shot, but his effort goes just over, hitting the top of the net on the way through. He shouts for a corner after Vlachodimos stretches his arm towards the ball, but a goal-kick is given.
There have already been more shots in the second half than in the first. Both teams are pushing players forward to try and take the lead, which has allowed the game to be more open in the midfield.
Awoniyi wins a free-kick just inside West Ham's half, with Forest loading the box. Toffolo's cross looks to be going straight to Areola, but Aguerd gets in the way and the hosts have to hack it clear.
Kudus makes a lunging tackle on Toffolo and goes into the book.
Ward-Prowse wins possession and West Ham come forward on the counter. Paqueta finds Bowen, who holds up the ball before spinning past Murillo. The Forest defender pulls him back before winning it back. There is shock around the stadium that a foul is not given against the defender.
GOALLLL! ELANGA SCORES! 2-1 FOREST! What a turnaround from the away side. Aina rushes down the right and looks for options in the middle. He cuts a low cross into the heart of the box, with Elanga arriving in the middle. He is free and he curls his low shot into the bottom corner.
Aina was superb at going forward against Villa in the last match but hasn't been able to be as free down the right in this game. However, he gets an assist after spotting the run across the box from Elanga.
Elanga takes off his shirt and is shown a yellow card.
GOALLL! WHAT A RESPONSE FROM WEST HAM! 2-2! Forest's lead didn't last long! Ward-Prowse's excellent inswinging corner finds Bowen, who heads the ball across the goal and into the top corner.
What a signing Ward-Prowse has been for West Ham. The former Southampton captain gets his fourth Premier League assist of the season with another pinpoint corner.
There were just 123 seconds between Elanga putting Forest ahead and West Ham equalising through Bowen.
BAR! West Ham should have the lead for a second time. Aina directs Alvarez's direct pass straight into the path of Soucek, who crashes the bar with a first-time effort. Cooper will be shocked at the way the game has got away from Forest in the last few minutes.
Forest have a chance to put the ball in the box after winning a free-kick on the left. However. Gibbs-White's cross is poor and West Ham come forward.
Kudus takes the ball down brilliantly on the right and plays a pass inside to Ward-Prowse, who sees his low shot deflect wide. However, nothing comes from the following corner. Forest are about to make a couple of changes.
Kudus has been fantastic on the right. He drives inside from the wing and feeds a pass into the path of Bowen. The England international looks to return possession to his team-mate, but the ball is intercepted. Emerson then gives away a cheap foul.
Forest make three changes. Murillo went down twice and cannot continue. Boly replaces him at centre-back.
Cooper makes a straight swap in the attack. Awoniyi scored Forest's first goal and is now coming off after a good performance up front. Wood is back from injury and takes his place.
Aina is also given a rest. Aurier is on at right-back in his place.
West Ham are yet to make a change in this match with Moyes happy with his side. They could start to feel tired in this match after their Europa League outing during the week.
Moyes wants to win this match and has added another attacker to the mix. Antonio replaces Alvarez.
Danilo comes forward with possession and slides a pass down the left to Elanga. He looks to get involved in the match for the first time since scoring but slips at the crucial moment, allowing Coufal to come away with the ball.
Ward-Prowse has been over everything for West Ham. This time he whips a deep free-kick into the heart of the box that is flicked into the middle by Soucek. Bowen is onside and is stretching to get on the end of it, but Vlachodimos claims it.
Ward-Prowse curls a corner towards the near post, with Gibbs-White getting across to head it behind. He puts his second cross into the same area, but Forest head it up the pitch this time and can reset.
SAVE! Vlachodimos denies West Ham again. Ward-Prowse delivers another special cross into the heart of the box, this time from a free-kick on the left. Soucek escapes his marker but heads the ball at Vlachodimos, who pushes it over.
The referee stops the game with Sangare on the floor after a tackle from Bowen. However, after a few seconds, he returns to his feet. West Ham have all the momentum and Forest are trying to disrupt their flow.
GOALLL! SOUCEK SCORES! 3-2 WEST HAM! The hosts are ahead again! Forest have struggled to defend against Ward-Prowse's crosses throughout the game. His outswinging corner is met by Soucek, who plants his downward header into the bottom corner.
If West Ham win this match, it will be down to Ward-Prowse. He gets his second assist from a corner. This time from the right, his cross finds the head of Soucek, who beats Vlachodimos with a header.
Forest need a goal and are bringing on another striker. Origi comes on for Sangare.
There will be seven minutes of additional time.
Gibbs-White's corner in is high, but Zouma gets it away. Kudus rushes down the right and plays a pass inside to Paqueta, who has options rushing ahead of him. He attempts to find an option down the right, but Danilo gets back well to intercept.
Origi has possession on the edge of the box and has Gibbs-White to his right, but shifts the ball onto his left foot and blasts a shot towards the goal. However, his effort is straight at Areola, who pushes it over.
West Ham are shutting the doors on Forest and put another defender on the pitch before a Forest free-kick. Ogbonna is on for Kudus.
Gibbs-White is over a free-kick on the right and has options in the middle. However, his cross has too much height on it and Areola claims it.
Niakhate has a throw-in on the right and is encouraging players forward. However, his hopeful ball into the box is poor and Soucek heads it away. West Ham come forward on the counter through Paqueta, who looks for Ward-Prowse on the inside. His shot from outside the box is blocked.
West Ham make a change with seconds remaining. Veteran Cresswell comes on to try and protect the Hammers' lead. Paqueta makes way.
FULL-TIME: WEST HAM 3-2 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
West Ham came from behind to beat Nottingham Forest 3-2 in a thrilling match at the London Stadium. The hosts broke the deadlock inside three minutes when Paqueta made the most of a loose past from Dominguez to drive a low shot into the bottom corner. Areola denied Awoniyi's header from close range but could do nothing about Forest's leveller. Gibbs-White got the better of Emerson on the right before having his shot saved, but Awoniyi tapped in the rebound. There were then two goals inside 123 seconds. Elanga directed Aina's cutback into the corner to give Cooper's side the lead, only for Bowen to equalise soon after. He got on the end of a Ward-Prowse corner and powered his header into the top corner. Soucek crashed the bar and forced a smart stop out of Vlachodimos before scoring the winner. Ward-Prowse delivered another pinpoint corner, with Soucek's downward header beating the goalkeeper. After the international break, West Ham head to Burnley in the Premier League. As for Forest, they host Brighton. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League fixture from Molineux as Wolves host injury-hit Tottenham!
It's fair to say it has been a difficult week for Ange Postecoglou and Tottenham. Spurs suffered their first Premier League defeat under the former Celtic boss on Monday, as Cristian Romero and Destiny Udogie were sent off in a chaotic 4-1 defeat to Chelsea which also contained five disallowed goals. Things then went from bad to worse on Friday as Postecoglou revealed creative midfielder James Maddison and impressive defender Micky van de Ven will both be sidelined until the new year. The patched-up visitors face a real test of their credentials here.
Wolves are also looking to bounce back from a frustrating defeat, having become the first team to lose to Sheffield United in 2023-24 last week. Gary O'Neil's men looked set to leave Bramall Lane with a point when Jean-Ricner Bellegarde cancelled out Cameron Archer's opener, but the Wolves boss was left to rue yet another contentious decision against his side, with Oliver Norwood converting a last-gasp penalty after Fabio Silva was harshly judged to have fouled George Baldock. The hosts will hope to avoid any more VAR drama here, and their pacey frontline could cause Spurs' makeshift backline problems.
WOLVES (4-4-2): Jose Sa; Nelson Semedo, Maximilian Kilman, Craig Dawson, Toti Gomes; Jean-Ricner Bellegarde, Mario Lemina, Joao Gomes, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Matheus Cunha, Hwang Hee-chan.
WOLVES SUBS: Matt Doherty, Boubacar Traore, Fabio Silva, Hugo Bueno, Sasa Kalajdzic, Jonny Otto, Tommy Doyle, Pablo Sarabia, Dan Bentley.
TOTTENHAM (4-3-3): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Eric Dier, Ben Davies, Emerson Royal; Yves Bissouma, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Pape Matar Sarr; Dejan Kulusevski, Son Heung-Min, Brennan Johnson.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Oliver Skipp, Bryan Gil, Giovani Lo Celso, Fraser Forster, Rodrigo Bentancur, Ashley Phillips, Alejo Veliz, Jamie Donley, Alfie Dorington.
O'Neil makes two changes to the hosts' lineup after their disappointing loss at Bramall Lane. Having scored his first Premier League goal last week, Bellegarde replaces Kalajdzic as O'Neil goes for pace in attack. Gomes replaces Doyle in a straight swap in midfield, while Bueno is back among the substitutes after recovering from injury. Pedro Neto is still sidelined, though Wolves are hopeful he could return after the international break.
Postecoglou is forced into four alterations, with Udogie and Romero suspended while Maddison and Van de Ven are injured. Dier, Davies and Emerson Royal join Porro in the visitors' new-look backline, though we'll have to wait for kick-off to see who is playing at left-back and who is filling in at centre-back. Hojbjerg comes into the midfield, potentially allowing Bissouma to play a more advanced role, while Richarlison is sidelined after undergoing groin surgery.
Half of the 18 all-time Premier League meetings between Wolves and Tottenham have been won by the away side (nine). Of all matchups to take place as often as this one, only Leicester City versus Manchester City features a higher win rate for the visiting team (54%). Might that be a positive omen for the depleted visitors? The teams are out, and kick-off is rapidly approaching!
After a minutes' silence is impeccably observed to mark Armistice Day, we are under way at Molineux! Hwang with the first kick for the hosts.
It looks like Davies is playing as a left-sided centre-back for Spurs, with Emerson Royal trusted with the role of makeshift left-back. Bissouma is still at the base of the visitors' midfield, with Hojbjerg and Sarr ahead of him.
GOOOOOAAAAAAAALLL! JOHNSON WITH AN EARLY GOAL FOR SPURS! What a start for the depleted visitors! Tottenham work the ball patiently from side to side, with Kulusevski playing a lovely backheel to Porro on the overlap. His low cross finds Johnson darting to the near post, where the former Nottingham Forest man side-foots past Sa! 1-0 to Spurs within three minutes!
Porro gets the assist with a low cross to Johnson, having got up on the overlap to receive a clever flick from Kulusevski.
What a start for Tottenham, given the week they have had. With Manchester City not in action until Sunday's late kick-off, when they visit Chelsea, they know a victory here will take them back to the top of the table.
Tottenham are still dominating possession in a confident start, with Wolves barely registering a touch. Emerson Royal is tucking inside from his left-back role to bolster the visitors' midfield.
Timed at two minutes and 14 seconds, Johnson's opener is the fastest goal Tottenham have scored in the Premier League this season and the earliest Wolves have conceded.
Cunha tries to latch onto Kilman's booming clearance but commits a foul, allowing Spurs to come straight back at the hosts. Kulusevski cuts inside before crossing, but Toti is there to clear it.
Bellegarde sweeps a pass out to Semedo, whose ball inside finds Gomes somewhat fortuitously. The Brazilian crashes a long-range shot into the head of Davies, causing the referee to halt the play – much to the frustration of the home fans.
CHANCE! Ait-Nouri plays a pass inside to Cunha before flying forward for the return ball. He reaches the area before firing off a low shot, but Davies gets across to block it behind for a corner. That was much better from Wolves.
Porro clears Bellegarde's corner at the near post, but Gomes recovers possession and Wolves keep the pressure on. Bellegarde beats Porro with ease to reach the byline before crossing, but Emerson Royal is there with a vital defensive header inside his own six-yard box.
There's a concerning moment for O'Neil, with Lemina staying down after being caught late by Hojbjerg's sliding challenge. The medical team are on to tend to the midfielder.
Lemina is back on his feet and looks okay to continue. This game has been played at a high tempo so far – Wolves started terribly but have had their tails up in the last few minutes, putting Spurs' makeshift defence under pressure.
Postecoglou hasn't lost consecutive league games as a manager since he was with Yokohama F. Marinos in the Japanese J1 League, losing three in a row in that competition between November 2020 and February 2021. His team made a flying start to their bid to get back to winning ways.
Gomes finds Hwang running in behind with a lovely throughball. The South Korean is forced wide but holds it up for Bellegarde, who just overdoes it by offloading to Cunha. The hosts eventually win a corner on their left-hand side, however.
Another terrible corner from Bellegarde is headed clear by Porro at the near post. That's two for the Frenchman already, who has replaced Doyle on set-piece duties for this one.
Ait-Nouri beats two on a wonderful run, turning Hojbjerg inside-out with a fantastic spin. He lays it off to Cunha, who hammers a shot into a crowd of navy shirts. Wolves are on top at present, but they're struggling to carve out a clear opening.
Porro goes down after being caught by Gomes, screaming in pain before writhing around on the turf. The Wolves man clipped his heel, and the Spurs right-back needs treatment.
Porro is back to his feet after receiving treatment and will re-enter the action shortly. He is the only member of Postecoglou's first-choice back four available here, so Spurs couldn't afford to lose him.
Spurs are still employing an extremely high line, despite their selection problems. Hwang springs the offside trap before an awkward bounce of the ball allows Davies to challenge him, and though the home fans want a foul, the referee shakes his head.
It's all become a bit scrappy in midfield all of a sudden. Bissouma's slip allows Cunha in, but the Brazilian takes a poor touch to gift the ball back to Spurs.
Ait-Nouri cheekily slips the ball between Porro's legs before being felled by the right-back's late lunge. The home fans want a booking, but the referee neglects to hand out any further punishment.
Hwang shows some excellent hold-up play before finding Ait-Nouri, whose poor cross drifts all the way over Vicario for a goal-kick. The South Korean has scored in every Premier League game Wolves have played at Molineux this season, but he's yet to have a sight of goal here.
Hwang has been involved in eight Premier League goals this season (six goals, two assists), his best return in a single campaign in the competition. He has either scored or assisted in each of his last five Premier League games, with only Henri Camara having a longer such run for Wolves in the competition (seven between March and May 2004).
Hojbjerg goes down under Ait-Nouri's challenge just to the right side of the Wolves area. The referee awards a goal-kick to Wolves, rather than a free-kick to Spurs, despite the midfielder looking like he was clipped.
We're past the half-hour mark now, and the pace of this game has slowed somewhat. Johnson gets down the left-hand side for Spurs before looking for Son with his low centre, but it's too close to Sa in the Wolves goal.
There's a coming-together involving Hwang and Johnson on the Wolves right. Johnson nudged the South Korean, who then appeared to have a slight kick out at the Spurs man. There's very little in it, however, and the referee opts to give both men a talking-to, keeping his cards in his pocket.
SAVE! Semedo cuts inside to find Cunha on the break, and the Brazilian offloads to Lemina to his right. The midfielder looks for the bottom-left corner after breaking into the box, and Vicario has to get down to tip it wide! That's as close as Wolves have come.
This is better from Wolves. Vicario claims the second ball from Bellegarde's set-piece, but Gomes intercepts his quick throw out to maintain the pressure. Johnson tries to shield the ball out for a goal-kick, but it comes off him and dribbles behind for another Wolves corner.
Wolves need to improve their set-piece deliveries, with Bellegarde seeing another corner-kick headed away inside the Spurs six-yard box. The hosts have possession back in their own territory, however, and can attempt to come again.
Save, but the flag is up! Gomes wins possession on the edge of the Spurs box before slipping a pass in behind for Ait-Nouri, who crashes a low shot against the legs of Vicario. The flag goes up against the Wolves man, and Cunha is saying he should have let it run through to him.
Wolves have had six shots to Tottenham's one, despite only enjoying 38.5 per cent of the possession. It's been a familiar story for the ever-wasteful hosts, though, they have only hit the target with one of their attempts!
Hwang is flagged offside as Kilman tries to send him clear, though it did look like Davies was playing him on. Wolves have gotten plenty of joy against this makeshift Spurs team, but they need to take advantage of this positive spell. Five to go until half-time.
Tottenham are caught short at the back again and Cunha tries to sweep a pass out to Hwang, but Dier is there to head it away. A frustrated Cunha then fouls Sarr just inside the Wolves half.
Dawson spreads the play out to Semedo, who has been Wolves' main attacking outlet. Emerson Royal clearly shoves his opposite full-back to the ground near the byline, but the referee neglects to award the free-kick. The crowd don't like that decision.
Now that one will be a foul! Emerson Royal chops Semedo down near the right corner of the Spurs box and is deservedly booked. Wolves have a chance to deliver into the area from the free-kick.
We will play five minutes of added time before the break. Bellegarde stands over the free-kick as the referee has words with Dawson and Hojbjerg.
Bellegarde cuts it back to Ait-Nouri… who sees his right-footed shot blocked behind for a corner on the Wolves right.
OVER! Bellegarde's corner finds Lemina at the back post, and he powers a header over via a deflection off Davies. Can the hosts make this spell of pressure count?
The second corner is cleared, but Bellegarde battles for possession out on the Wolves left and wins a free-kick. This is another chance for the hosts to load the box.
Ait-Nouri swings this one in, and Toti attacks it at the near post. He loops a header on target, but Vicario is able to make a comfortable save.
Bissouma is shown the second yellow card of the game for a late lunge on Lemina in midfield.
Spurs win a late corner in the first half as Dier finds Kulusevski, who crosses behind off Ait-Nouri. Porro goes over to deliver the set-piece, and Davies flicks his cross well wide at the near post.
HALF-TIME: WOLVES 0-1 TOTTENHAM.
Referee Tim Robinson blows the half-time whistle, and a patched-up Tottenham team lead Wolves 1-0 at Molineux. Despite being without Maddison, Van de Ven, Romero and Udogie, Spurs flew out of the traps as Johnson needed just two minutes and 14 seconds to net his first league goal for the club, tapping in from Porro's right-wing centre. Spurs' absences have been more obvious since then, with Wolves constantly finding themselves in good positions but struggling to produce the final ball. Their best chance came when Lemina broke into the box just after the half-hour mark, but Vicario kept his shot out at full stretch. Will the Tottenham goalkeeper be busy after the interval? It's still all to play for!
Wolves have managed nine shots to Tottenham's two so far, but just two of those have hit the target and the hosts have only narrowly shaded the expected goals (xG) battle 0.46-0.43. O'Neil will be encouraged by the way his men have threatened Spurs with pace and power on the break, but they need cool heads in the final third! Don't go anywhere, the second half is coming right up!
Tottenham get the second half under way, with no changes made by either boss at half-time.
What a waste! Bellegarde flicks the ball over Emerson Royal and runs at the Tottenham backline, who back off. He has options left and right but opts to shoot from outside the area, and he flashes a wild effort over the bar! Hwang and Cunha were definitely better options there.
Tottenham try to play out from the goal-kick and Bellegarde and Emerson Royal collide inside the box as Wolves press their visitors. Both men stay down initially, but they're both back to their feet as Spurs restart the game.
Spurs ended Monday's 4-1 defeat against Chelsea with just four players who had started the game still on the field of play (Vicario, Son, Porro and Bissouma). Will the strains of that crazy game take their toll in the second half, or will Spurs hang on?
Looking at the average positions taken up by the Wolves players so far, only Dawson, Kilman and Toti have spent the majority of their time inside their own half. The hosts have certainly taken a positive approach, but their decision-making in the final third has been poor.
Son goes down holding his face after a collision with Dawson, but the referee shows no interest whatsoever and Wolves can break at speed…
Cunha breaks into the Spurs box with another mazy run, but he tries to beat one man too many and Dier takes the ball away from him. Wolves fail to make anything of another positive position.
GREAT CHANCE! How many of these are Wolves going to squander?! Toti does brilliantly to bring the ball out of defence, playing a give-and-go with Gomes before finding Ait-Nouri to his left. His cutback is taken in by Cunha on the edge of the box, but he sends an awkward finish wide of Vicario's goal!
HOW HAS HE MISSED?! Wolves win a corner on the right-hand side, and Ait-Nouri's low delivery is only cleared as far as Gomes. He crashes a shot against a navy shirt and it drops kindly for Hwang, who is unmarked just to the right of goal, but his poor finish fails to test Vicario. Wolves should be level, at least!
Now Spurs come forward as Kulusevski cuts inside in menacing fashion, but Dawson tracks back well to block his curling effort. This game is so open now!
The shot count is now 13 to three in Wolves' favour, and the hosts' efforts have also totalled 1.05 xG to Spurs' 0.46. O'Neil's team have been excellent… until it comes to taking their chances!
Wolves win a corner on the right as Semedo's low cross comes off Davies before dribbling behind, with Vicario failing to keep it in play. Can they make this set-piece count?
Another terrible corner – this one from Ait-Nouri – is smashed clear by Sarr. The ball is back with Wolves, however, and they will look to keep the pressure on.
Ait-Nouri chops back on the left-hand side to leave Porro dumbfounded, and the Spurs right-back scythes him down. He's lucky to avoid a booking, but Spurs do have a wide free-kick to defend.
GREAT DEFENDING! Bellegarde whips an enticing cross into the six-yard box, where Dawson looks destined to nod it home. However, Sarr flicks the ball away with a great defensive header and Spurs also manage to deal with the resulting corner.
Cunha wins yet another corner on the left-hand side, and this one is taken short to the Brazilian. He finds an angle to cross, but it just evades Kilman at the back and drifts behind. Postecoglou has seen enough, and Spurs are about to introduce Bentancur.
Sarr is the player withdrawn as Postecoglou introduces Bentancur in an attempt to wrest back control of this game.
Former Tottenham defender Doherty looks set to enter the action for Wolves, who are looking to keep the tempo up as they continue to dominate this second half.
Both of these teams are missing their main creators for this one. Only Newcastle United's Kieran Trippier (32) has created more chances than Spurs star Maddison (31) in the Premier League this season, while no player has matched Neto's seven assists for Wolves. The hosts have definitely missed their star winger here.
Doherty replaces Semedo in a straight swap at right-back for Wolves.
Cunha has caused Spurs all sorts of problems here, but his decision-making can leave a lot to be desired. Wolves recover the ball from a quick Spurs free-kick and Cunha shoots from inside his own half, sending a poor effort drifting away to the right of goal.
Hojbjerg wins a corner on the right-hand side for Spurs as they manage a rare foray forward. Porro's first delivery is headed out by Ait-Nouri, and his second cross is blocked ahead of the six-yard box.
Cunha drops deep to receive possession before driving into Spurs territory, being felled by Bissouma's lunging challenge. The midfielder – who was sent off at Luton Town recently – has already been booked and needs to be careful.
Bellegarde sends an absolutely abysmal free-kick behind for a goal-kick. Wolves have really let Spurs off from set-piece situations here. They have 20 minutes plus stoppage time to fight back.
CHANCE! Doherty's cross is headed out ahead of Hwang, then Spurs turn defence into attack at lightning speed as Hojbjerg plays a give-and-go with Son. He then looks for Johnson in the middle, who fails to test Sa with a first-time effort from 20 yards out. The Wales forward goes down in the process, perhaps suffering from cramp, but he's soon back to his feet.
O'Neil introduces six-foot-seven striker Kalajdzic as Wolves chase a leveller. Bellegarde is withdrawn, allowing Cunha to take a supporting role.
Tottenham are making a double change as they attempt to see this result out. Gil replaces Johnson, whose first Premier League goal for Spurs is the only thing separating the teams.
Lo Celso is also on, with Bissouma withdrawn after picking up a caution in the first half.
Brave goalkeeping! Sa races from his line to mop up a loose ball ahead of Kulusevski, who was looking to break in behind. The Wolves shot-stopper stays down holding his face after Kulusevski accidentally caught him with his shin, but he soon gets back to his feet.
Wolves have gone a while without creating a real clear-cut chance, spending plenty of time in possession within Tottenham territory but struggling to produce the final pass. Can they find one last push as we approach the final 10 minutes of the 90?
Spurs have only lost one of their last 27 away league games when leading at half-time (20 wins, six draws) – going down at Manchester City in January. They only have 10 minutes plus stoppage time to navigate now.
MASSIVE CHANCE FOR WOLVES! Another driving Cunha run ends with the Brazilian sliding a pass in behind for Lemina. He could shoot but opts to look for Doherty with a cutback from the left of the six-yard box, and Davies does brilliantly to slide in and clear the danger. That sums up Wolves' efforts in the final third, they have to take those chances!
Hojbjerg is playing at the base of Spurs' midfield now, behind Lo Celso and Gil. Tottenham are enjoying a little bit more of the ball now – have they weathered the Wolves storm?
Porro unintentionally keeps the ball in play for Gomes, who picks out Ait-Nouri's run down the left. His cutback is aimed towards Kalajdzic at the back, but Emerson Royal races back to clear it behind for a corner.
ANOTHER HUGE MISS! Wolves' corner comes to nothing, but Gomes gets another chance to deliver from the left. His cross finds Kalajdzic at the near post, but he loses his bearings and sends an awkward header looping over. Wolves have been so wasteful in the final third.
O'Neil is making another two changes as Wolves desperately chase an equaliser. Sarabia replaces Gomes in a positive substitution.
Doyle is also on, with Ait-Nouri withdrawn after a lively showing on the left flank.
It looks like a 4-2-3-1 for Wolves now, with Doyle joining Lemina in midfield and Cunha, Hwang and Sarabia supporting Kalajdzic. Can they create one last chance – and take it?!
ALMOST GAME OVER! Spurs break on Wolves and create two chances to kill the contest. First, Son shoots against Dawson on the edge of the box, then Kulusevski picks up the loose ball to tee up Lo Celso. He looks for the top-left corner, and Sa tips it over. That is Spurs' first shot on target since Johnson scored in the third minute.
Spurs' corner comes to nothing, and Bentancur stops a Wolves counter-attack with a cynical foul. He sees yellow.
GOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLL! SARABIA LEVELS FOR WOLVES! Just as the clock ticks beyond 90 minutes, Wolves finally take a chance! Cunha whips a lovely ball over the Spurs backline for Sarabia, who takes a great touch on his right foot before volleying past Vicario on his left! What a strike! 1-1 at Molineux!
Cunha gets the assist with a perfectly weighted pass over the top of Spurs' backline, but what about the finish? Sarabia touched it into the air with one foot, then blasted it beyond Vicario with the other!
We are into six minutes of stoppage time here, and the home fans are in fine voice now! Will there be any further twists to come?
Spurs carelessly give the ball away from a quick free-kick, and Wolves work it left to Cunha. He sees a poor pass cut out before Lo Celso is fouled. Both teams are scrapping for every loose ball now!
Spurs load the box from the set-piece, but Kilman gets up to clear and the hosts break at speed through Cunha…
The referee is in danger of losing control here! Cunha is felled by Lo Celso, then Doherty flies into another late challenge which earns him a caution. Cunha is screaming at the fourth official – he is furious with that decision.
Son and Dawson wrestle each other to the ground, but Spurs get the free-kick after Dawson catches his opponent with a flailing boot. The resulting yellow card will mean a one-match ban for the defender.
Now Lo Celso catches Lemina with a poor challenge and Doyle takes a quick free-kick to set Sarabia on the attack…
GOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! WOLVES HAVE TURNED IT AROUND! REMARKABLE SCENES AS LEMINA SWEEPS HOME! Doyle's quick free-kick allows Sarabia to burst down the wing, and the substitute cuts inside to swing a low cross into the area. Lemina breaks beyond the Spurs backline to prod a low finish into the bottom-left corner and spark wild celebrations at Molineux. Wolves lead 2-1!
Sarabia has a goal and an assist off the bench. What a remarkable impact from the Spaniard!
The substituted Gomes was booked amid the wild celebrations at Molineux.
Ait-Nouri was also booked, both he and Gomes ran back onto the pitch to celebrate as Wolves completed the turnaround!
FULL-TIME: WOLVES 2-1 TOTTENHAM.
And breathe! The full-time whistle sparks more wild celebrations at Molineux, where Wolves have scored two stoppage-time goals to condemn Tottenham to back-to-back defeats in the most remarkable fashion! Johnson's early tap-in looked like being enough for Postecoglou's men as Wolves squandered chance after chance, with Hwang and Kalajdzic guilty of their two most glaring misses in the second half. However, the late introduction of Sarabia was the catalyst for a stunning turnaround. The Spaniard levelled with a brilliant strike as the clock ticked into stoppage-time, then turned provider in the 97th minute as his low cross was turned home by Lemina! What a result for O'Neil's team – it's just the eighth time a team has won a Premier League game when they were losing going into the 90th minute, and half of those matches have involved Tottenham (two wins, two losses). Wolves go into the international break on a high with 15 points from 12 games, and they will face Fulham at Craven Cottage after the hiatus. Spurs, meanwhile, must regroup ahead of a huge showdown with Aston Villa at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on November 26. Thank you for joining us for our coverage of another crazy Premier League game – it's goodbye for now, and we'll see you next time!
nan
Welcome to live text commentary of Burnley v West Ham United in the Premier League.
Vincent Kompany’s Burnley side come into this match on the back of the worst home start in the history of the English top-flight, having lost six out of six matches at Turf Moor so far this campaign. West Ham have a tricky run coming up, so David Moyes will want to take advantage of the Hammers' positive form before the international break and head back to East London with nothing but all three points in the bag.
BURNLEY (4-4-2): James Trafford; Vitinho, Dara O'Shea, Jordan Beyer, Charlie Taylor; Sander Berge, Josh Brownhill, Johann Berg Gudmundsson, Luca Koleosho; Zeki Amdouni, Jay Rodriguez
Subs: Lawrence Vigouroux, Connor Roberts, Hjalmar Ekdal, Josh Cullen, Jacob Bruun Larsen, Michael Obafemi, Nathan Redmond, Anass Zaroury, Aaron Ramsey
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Emerson, Nayef Aguerd, Kurt Zouma, Vladimir Coufal; James Ward-Prowse, Edson Alvarez; Lucas Paqueta, Tomas Soucek, Mohammed Kudus; Danny Ings
Subs: Lukas Fabianski, Aaron Cresswell, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Angelo Ogbonna, Thilo Kehrer, Pablo Fornals, Maxwel Cornet, Said Benrahma, Divin Mubama
We’ll start with the big team news… No Bowen for West Ham. He misses out through injury after pulling out of the England squad with a knee issue last week. It comes as a blow for Moyes as the forward has scored in all six of West Ham’s away games in the league this season. Ings makes his first league start of the campaign - which comes against his old club - and is West Ham’s only change from their previous win at Nottingham Forest.
As for Burnley, they’re unchanged from the defeat to Arsenal last time out. It looks as though Kompany has set his side up in two banks of four, with Gudmundsson and Koleosho deployed on either flank. Berge starts alongside Brownhill in central midfield, with the latter on the scoresheet last time out at Emirates Stadium.
The Hammers need to pick up as many points as possible before trying to navigate their way through a tricky Christmas period if they’re going to sustain their push for a European finish. They face Tottenham and Arsenal on the road and host Man United in December, before kickstarting their new year with a test against Brighton. As for Burnley, they’re in desperate need of a result. Rooted to the bottom of the table with just four points after 12 games, they’ve lost their last five in the league.
Both sets of players have emerged from the tunnel at Turf Moor and we're almost ready for kick-off.
Here we go! Amdouni gets the ball rolling for Burnley and the first half is underway.
Paqueta dinks a cross towards an unmarked Soucek in the box but the midfielder doesn't really know what to do with the ball and softly guides it towards goal with his head. Trafford comes off his line to claim it comfortably.
Gudmundsson takes on a shot on the edge of the box following a Burnley corner but it's straight at Areola.
West Ham fly forward but Vitinho crucially cuts out Soucek's pass out wide to Paqueta making a run down the left.
The West Ham fans behind Areola's goal are in fine voice as they enjoy their positive start to the season. Turf Moor is generally quite flat apart from the noisy section of travelling fans.
Paqueta can't find the onrushing Ings. Gudmundsson gives the ball away initially and works hard to block the Brazilian's attempted pass towards Ings on the right.
Berge makes a driving run towards the West Ham box but he runs into a cluster of white shirts. Vitinho picks up the ball and looks for Amdouni in the box, but he's quickly dispossessed.
CHANCE FOR BURNLEY! Rodriguez fizzes a ball across the six-yard box towards Amdouni at the back post but the ball is ever so slightly ahead of the Swiss striker's path. Rodriguez was unselfish, he could have taken the shot on himself.
West Ham have failed to score in three of their last four Premier League away games against Burnley. Their 0-0 draw last time out in December 2021 is their only clean sheet in eight visits to Turf Moor in the competition.
Koleosho makes a couple of positive runs towards Coufal down Burnley's left flank. The West Ham defender does enough to keep him at bay for now, but there are some positive signs for Burnley in the opening stages.
It's been a really open start to the game. It's been end-to-end in the early exchanges and both teams have had a sniff at goal. Burney have probably had the best chance of the game so far.
Kudus runs onto an overhit Coufal through ball and kicks it out for a throw-in rather than a goal kick to keep Burnley in their own half.
In possession, Burnley are playing patient football. They're waiting for an opening and not rushing themselves going forward. As I say that, Berge plays a long ball over the top which Koleosho brings down exceptionally before running into a group of defenders on the edge of the box and losing the ball.
Both teams have had a sniff at goal, but neither have created any real chances yet with nearly 25 minutes gone.
Burnley are enjoying a good spell, popping the ball around as the game settles. Amdouni chases down Areola, who gets the ball clear just in the nick of time.
BIG SAVE FROM AREOLA! Amdouni slips the ball to Koleosho arriving into the box on the left, he opens his body up for a shot on his right foot but Areola makes a strong save to his right at the near post.
West Ham have won their last seven Premier League games against promoted sides – their longest such run in the competition – while they’ve also won their last 10 against sides starting the day bottom of the table.
Paqueta drives through the Burnley midfield and Beyer trips him to earn the first booking of the match.
O'Shea miscontrols the ball and Paqueta is on him straight away. As the last defender, O'Shea dives in to get the ball clear as quickly as possible, which he does, but catches the winger in the meantime. Paqueta wants a foul but he won't get one, play on.
ANOTHER CHANCE FOR BURNLEY! Berge whips in an inviting cross to Amdouni at the back post, who steers the ball wide with a header.
The ball drops to Vitinho around 25 yards from goal. He takes a first-time strike but skews it well over the bar.
POSSIBLE BURNLEY PENALTY! Koleosho drives into the box and Coufal sticks his leg out to stop him. He seems to catch the winger's foot as Koleosho falls to the floor. VAR initially sends Samuel Barrott to the monitor, but then the decision changes to no penalty.
Alvarez talked his way into the book before the Burnley penalty was overturned.
Aguerd was also booked for dissent.
Burnley didn't get the penalty, but one thing it has done is give the home crowd a much-needed boost. It's the loudest it's been all game as we close in on half-time.
Kudus brings down Koleosho on the left and Burnley have a free-kick in a good position.
Beyer heads the free-kick wide. There will be one minute of added time at the end of the first half.
HALF-TIME: BURNLEY 0-0 WEST HAM
It's goalless at the break between Burnley and West Ham. As Burnley try to end their barren run of six consecutive defeats, the Clarets have looked the better side. They had a great chance to open the scoring when Koleosho thumped an effort straight at Areola but the big talking point was the possible penalty for Burnley. Koleosho, who caused a lot of problems for Coufal in the first half, skipped past the right-back before his legs were clipped which sent him to the floor. VAR had a quick check but deemed no pitchside review was necessary. It was harsh because they’ve certainly been given, but nonetheless, Kompany will be pleased with that first 45 minutes.
Both teams have enjoyed positive spells of possession during the first half but only Burnley have really made the opposition goalkeeper work. West Ham need to find a way of breaking down this stubborn Burnley defence, but first, they have to work the ball through the lines and get it to Ings' feet. He’s making a return to his former club and would surely love to score, so it’s up to Moyes to get him more involved. As for Burnley, more of the same is needed from Kompany's side. They could be more clinical, but with the way they're playing, they're bound to get another chance. A big second half for both teams coming up!
West Ham get the ball rolling for the second half.
Risky from Burnley! Trafford passes the ball to Taylor right on the edge of the Burnley box and the first wave of the West Ham attack is quickly onto him, but they play their way out of danger.
PENALTY FOR BURNLEY! Koleosho makes a tricky run into the box and Kudus is clumsy as he treads on his foot. The referee points straight to the spot!
There is a quick VAR check, but this isn't going to be overturned. It will be a penalty.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLL!!! What a huge moment this could be for Burnley! Rodriguez drills the ball down the middle from the spot and Burnley are ahead!
A big goal for Burnley and Rodriguez. He's now scored 19 of his last 20 penalty kicks - a brilliant record from the spot!
West Ham are looking to attack straight away and Coufal delivers a ball to the front post but Beyer stabs it away.
Ward-Prowse produces a fierce shot from 10 yards out but Berge blocks it from close range. West Ham have a corner.
The ball drops to Paqueta on the half-volley from a corner but he sends it well over the bar.
HUGE SAVE FROM AREOLA! Amdouni does really well to snatch the ball from Aguerd and drive at goal but Areola is down quickly to deny him at the front post. Burnley have a spring in their step!
Paqueta goes down with an injury, clutching his rib cage after a tussle with Berge. Burnley fans aren't happy with the Brazilian who is escorted off the pitch by the physio.
West Ham are preparing to make a couple of changes.
Paqueta is back on the pitch and is getting a chorus of boos from the home fans. He then plays a delicious ball out wide to Emerson as West Ham try and force an attack.
Mubama comes on in place of Ings, who has not enjoyed a happy return to Turf Moor eight years after leaving the club.
It will be a double change for West Ham as Alvarez is replaced by Benrahma. That might have something to do with the fact that he's on a yellow card.
West Ham have lost seven of their last 10 Premier League away games (W2 D1), conceding at least twice in each defeat. Indeed, since the start of last season only Nottingham Forest (18) have lost more Premier League away games than the Hammers (16).
Coufal searches for Mubama with a curling cross from deep but his delivery is headed clear.
Amdouni is hauled down on the halfway line as Coufal and Zouma chase him. The former is booked but it looked as though it was the latter that made the contact.
Benrahma is nearly through on goal as Mubama sends a direct ball over the top of the Burnley defence but Berge - the only player back - is excellently positioned to mop up on the halfway line.
Berge splits the West Ham defence with a pass through the middle, but Rodriguez is offside. Everyone inside Turf Moor is urging Burnley to move the ball around quicker!
Burnley make their first change as Ramsey replaces Amdouni. The Burnley striker put himself about today and played well.
Nearly an instant impact from Ramsey! He drives into the box and shoots from the right but his effort is just off target.
Burnley are winless in their last four Premier League meetings with West Ham (D2 L2), with the last two games in 2021-22 both ending in draws.
Ward-Prowse has more assists than any other Premier League player in all competitions this season and now West ham have a corner. They really need him to produce.
Trafford punches the set-piece away, much to Turf Moor's delight. Just over 10 more minutes for Burnley to hang on!
Coufal whips in a delivery and Zouma heads towards goal but he doesn't get enough purchase on the ball as Trafford comfortably catches the centre-back's tame effort.
Koleosho departs to a chorus of cheers from the Burnley faithful. He's been their best player in this match and is replaced by Zaroury.
BENRAHMA COMES SO CLOSE! Kudus plays the ball out wide to him and the Burnley fans are up in arms because they think he's handled it. Nevertheless, play continues and Benrahma cuts inside before sending a shot across the face of goal which flashes agonisingly wide of the post.
Gudmunds­son is subbed off and Cullen takes his place. The Icelandic winger had created the most chances in the match in an impressive display.
GOOOOOOOOOALLL!!! WEST HAM ARE LEVEL! Kudus does superbly to beat a cluster of maroon shirts on the right before producing a dangerous cross towards the front post from the byline, which Mubama stabs towards goal as the ball goes in off O'Shea!
The West Ham fans are in full voice now. They'll believe they can go on and win this.
There will be at least seven additional minutes added on. West Ham want to finish this match strongly and are on top in the closing stages.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLL!!!! WEST HAM ARE IN FRONT! It's another sensational ball in from Kudus for Soucek at the back post, who volleys the Hammers ahead in the 91st minute!
Ward-Prowse slips the ball to Kudus on the right, who hesitates in front of Taylor before shifting the ball onto his left and curling in a pinpoint cross for Soucek to slam home. What a signing the Ghanaian is turning out to be - he has single-handedly turned this game on its head!
West Ham are now sitting back a bit. They've done their job up front and Moyes will be desperate to hold on for three points here.
West Ham have won their last seven Premier League games against promoted sides – their longest such run in the competition – while they’ve also won their last 10 against sides starting the day bottom of the table. They look set to continue those streaks here! Burnley are stunned.
Brownhill sends in a hopeful, lofted cross for Taylor who is completely unmarked at the back of the penalty area, but it looks as though he's lost the ball in the air as his touch takes it out of play.
FULL-TIME: BURNLEY 1-2 WEST HAM
And breathe! Another late Premier League comeback means West Ham come away from Turf Moor with all three points. It was all about Kudus in the second half, as he produced two excellent crosses which ended up in the back of the net, courtesy of an O'Shea own goal to cancel out Rodriguez's opener and a brilliant volley from Soucek to complete the comeback. You can't help but feel sorry for Burnley, who looked to have done enough for their first points at home this season, but it wasn't to be. It's now seven consecutive home defeats for Kompany’s side, who remain rooted to the foot of the table, while West Ham end their league run of three away matches without victory. Burnley will have the chance to quickly put their home form right when they welcome Sheffield United to Turf Moor next weekend, while West Ham turn their attention to Europe and travel to Serbia to face TSC Backa Topola on Thursday. Thank you for following our live coverage. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League fixture from Goodison Park as embattled Everton host Manchester United!
There is sure to be a lively atmosphere on Merseyside as Everton take to the field for the first time since they received an immediate 10-point deduction after being found to have breached the Premier League's Profitability and Sustainability Rules. That sanction – the largest in Premier League history – dropped them from 14th in the table to 19th, and fan protests are planned for this match after Sean Dyche described the penalty as "disproportionate" this week. Things got worse for the Toffees on Saturday as Luton Town's win over Crystal Palace put them five points adrift of safety – will they use their sense of injustice as fuel as they bid to pull clear of the drop zone again?
United, meanwhile, sit eighth in the table ahead of this game after making an underwhelming start to the season under Erik ten Hag. The Red Devils have eased the pressure on the Dutchman somewhat with four wins in their last five league matches, though their performances in 1-0 victories over Fulham and Luton left plenty to be desired. Ten Hag is still facing intense scrutiny with his team well off the pace, and a series of injuries to key players has done little to help his cause.
EVERTON (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Ashley Young, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite, Vitalii Mykolenko; Jack Harrison, James Garner, Idrissa Gueye, Dwight McNeil; Abdoulaye Doucoure; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
EVERTON SUBS: Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, Arnaut Danjuma, Joao Virginia, Ben Godfrey, Seamus Coleman, Youssef Chermiti, Mackenzie Hunt, Lewis Dobbin.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Diogo Dalot, Victor Lindelof, Harry Maguire, Luke Shaw; Kobbie Mainoo, Scott McTominay; Alejandro Garnacho, Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford; Anthony Martial.
MANCHESTER UNITED SUBS: Altay Bayindir, Sofyan Amrabat, Sergio Reguilon, Raphael Varane, Facundo Pellistri, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Donny van de Beek, Hannibal Mejbri, Joe Hugill.
Dyche makes one change to the Everton side which beat Crystal Palace 3-2 prior to the international break, and it's an enforced one with midfielder Amadou Onana ruled out with a calf injury. That means Gueye – who came off the bench to net the winner at Selhurst Park – comes in alongside Garner.
Ten Hag, meanwhile, makes three alterations to the United side which edged past Luton at Old Trafford last time out. Christian Eriksen and Rasmus Hojlund have joined the likes of Casemiro, Mason Mount, Lisandro Martinez and Jonny Evans in the treatment room, so Martial and Mainoo come in, the latter making his first Premier League start at the base of midfield. There's also a welcome return for Shaw, who replaces Reguilon at left-back, and former Everton loanee Van de Beek is among the substitutes.
The atmosphere is certainly building at Goodison, with a large-scale protest against Everton's 10-point deduction already having taken place outside the famous old ground. It's sure to be a cauldron of noise for this one – how will Ten Hag's often fragile United side cope?
We're under way amid a raucous atmosphere at Goodison as Fernandes gets the ball rolling! The Everton fans are right behind their embattled team, can the players use their off-pitch woes as motivation here?
As the teams emerged from the tunnel, the home fans held up thousands of pink cards to protest Everton's points deduction, also drowning out the Premier League anthem with ferocious boos. This stadium is a real bear pit for this one!
United are on top early on, working the ball to McTominay on the right side of Everton's box, and the Scot goes down easily under pressure from Branthwaite. The referee shakes his head… not even United's players appealed for that one!
GOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! OH MY WORD, THAT IS SIMPLY INCREDIBLE! Garnacho has scored what may go down as one of the best goals in Premier League history! That is unbelievable! Rashford feeds a pass to Dalot on the overlap out on United's right flank, and he swings a deep cross to Garnacho on the far side of the area. It's behind the Argentine around 15 yards from goal, but he meets it with a magical overhead kick which flies into the top-right corner! What a way to silence this crowd!
Dalot gets the assist as United hit the front early on, but all the credit must go to Garnacho. We'll be seeing that goal over and over again!
It's the United fans who can be heard now, with 'viva Garnacho' the chant. That was a simply draw-dropping finish.
Now Garnacho attempts to latch onto a long ball over the top, but Pickford is off his line quickly to gather it. Everton need to settle things down after that remarkable opener.
Harrison is furious as the assistant gives United a goal-kick when Mainoo appeared to touch the ball behind for a corner. Everton quickly recover and come again, looking to keep the tempo high, but Maguire heads a right-wing cross away.
In the form of Mainoo and Garnacho, this is the first time United have started two teenagers in a Premier League game since May 2021 against Wolves (Amad and Anthony Elanga). Ten Hag's team selection has certainly paid off so far!
Half chance! Calvert-Lewin races onto Young's ball down the right flank, being played on by Dalot. He checks past Lindelof before shooting on his left foot, but it's a tame effort which Onana can easily claim.
Protesting their 10-point deduction, Everton's fans have just marked the 10th minute of the match by raising their pink cards aloft and chanting about the Premier League. As you can probably imagine, they weren't kind words.
Rashford beats Mykolenko on United's right-hand side before blasting a wayward shot over the crossbar. To the fury of the home fans, the referee points for a corner – it didn't seem to take a deflection!
Over! Fernandes' kick is floated out to Shaw on the edge of the box, and he sends a half-volley just a foot or so over Pickford's crossbar. United appeal for another corner, but this one isn't given.
Ten Hag is sat up in the directors' box for this one, having been given a touchline ban for an accumulation of yellow cards. He'll be happy with what he has seen so far, but Everton are playing at a high intensity and are keeping United on their toes.
Everton have lost 39 times to United in the Premier League (W10 D13), and they will become the first side to lose 40 games to a single opponent in the competition's history if the Red Devils see this lead out.
Garnacho goes down under a nudge from Young and wins the free-kick in midfield. His spectacular opener, timed at two minutes and 13 seconds, was United's fastest goal in a Premier League game since March 2021 against Manchester City (Bruno Fernandes, 1:40).
Everton are showing plenty of fight here, but are just lacking the quality required. Calvert-Lewin and Garner combine to work the ball wide to Harrison, but his lacklustre cross is blocked at source.
Now Gueye floats a cross towards the far post and over Doucoure and Calvert-Lewin, who were both anticipating a near-post delivery.
Former United player Young becomes the first man in the referee's book after bringing Garnacho down with a terribly mistimed challenge. He has already seen red against Liverpool this season, now he's walking a tightrope again!
United's free-kick comes to nothing and Young looks for Doucoure over the top, but Shaw is there to help it back to Onana. A huge cheer then goes up as the goalkeeper slices his kick into the crowd – Everton might get some joy out of pressing United high here.
Everton win a free-kick in a crossing position on the right flank as McTominay carelessly kicks through the back of Gueye's foot. The home fans want a booking for the Scot, but it's not forthcoming. Garner and McNeil are over the dead ball…
Well wide. McNeil's poor delivery is headed out by Mainoo, then Mykolenko sends a dismal effort miles wide of the left-hand post from 25 yards out. Everton just need to show more care in the final third, they're definitely still in this contest!
Everton have had 59 per cent of the possession over the last 10 minutes. After being stunned by Garnacho's rapid opener, they've built their way into this game with United now looking to keep things tight.
A fortunate bounce allows Martial to send Garnacho scampering down the United left, but Branthwaite comes across to take the ball off him in a composed manner. Good defending.
The home fans are furious as Doucoure is booked for dissent. McTominay fouled Harrison and Garnacho petulantly kicked the ball away – Doucoure was simply trying to point that out to the referee John Brooks!
Harrison switches to the left-hand side to run at Dalot, crossing behind off the full-back for a corner. What can Everton do with this?
CHANCE! That's as close as Everton have come! Calvert-Lewin is completely free as he meets the corner with a powerful header around six yards out, but he sends it straight at Onana! A big chance goes begging!
TWO BIG CHANCES! Some incredible defending from Mainoo denies Everton! Calvert-Lewin latches onto a fortunate bounce to prod a shot towards the bottom-right corner, and Onana dives down to tip it away. He only pushes it as far as Garner, who turns it goalwards, but Mainoo slides back onto his own goal line to hook it clear!
MASSIVE MISS FROM DOUCOURE! How is it still 1-0?! McNeil bustles down the left wing before sending in a low cross, which finds Doucoure totally unmarked near the penalty spot. He has all the time in the world to place his shot, but he puts it wide of the bottom-right corner! United's goal is living a charmed life!
Everton are all over United like a rash. Another direct ball forwards is knocked down for McNeil, who blasts a shot wide via a deflection off Mainoo. Everton fail to make anything of the resulting corner, but United are coming under increasing pressure now – they can't get out.
Shaw brings United some respite as he draws a foul from Doucoure with a clever dummy. Doucoure is on a booking – he needs to be careful!
Mainoo gets forward for United now, reaching the byline on the right-hand side before seeing his low cross cleared by Garner. The youngster has impressed so far, he seems to be relishing this physical midfield battle.
Everton have conceded first on 40 occasions against United in the Premier League, and they have only come back to win from that position once (D5 L34) - 3-1 in February 2010.
Pickford comes forward to the halfway line to lift a free-kick out to the left corner of United's box. McNeil wins the knock-down for Branthwaite, but Maguire outmuscles his fellow defender as United get the goal-kick. Five to go until the break.
ANOTHER MISS FROM EVERTON! Young finds space out on the right before whipping a lovely cross onto the head of Calvert-Lewin. This time, the striker gets under the delivery and sends his header over from a great position. Everton have been utterly dominant in the last 20 minutes, but they're not making it count!
EVERTON MISS ANOTHER CHANCE! United are waiting to concede at present. Calvert-Lewin charges infield before offloading to Doucoure, who in turn finds Gueye to his right. The midfielder pulls the trigger inside the area… but he's off balance and sends a terrible finish high and wide. Everton could be out of sight!
The shot count is currently seven to two in Everton's favour, with the Toffees winning the xG (expected goals) battle 1.01-0.09. The hosts have been excellent in their approach play, but their finishing has been so erratic.
Fernandes is chased all the way back to his corner flag by two blue shirts and has to blast the ball out for a throw-in. United have been terrible in the last 20 minutes or so, they desperately need half-time.
We will have two minutes of first-half stoppage time here, with United clinging on to their 1-0 lead.
The home fans again appeal for Garnacho to be shown a yellow card after a collision with Young. There wasn't much in that one, and Everton fail to make the resulting free-kick count.
Dyche is fuming as Fernandes catches Harrison and the referee opts against awarding a free-kick. That was a clear kick by the United captain, who was lucky to avoid being booked.
HALF-TIME: EVERTON 0-1 MANCHESTER UNITED.
The referee blows the half-time whistle and Manchester United enter the break with a 1-0 lead over Everton at a raucous Goodison Park, but the scoreline certainly doesn't tell the whole story of a breathless first 45 minutes! We saw one of the best goals of this – or any – Premier League season within three minutes as Garnacho scored with an unbelievable overhead kick, putting Wayne Rooney's iconic effort against Manchester City to shame! Since then, however, it has been one-way traffic with Everton utterly dominant, carving out chances for Calvert-Lewin, Garner, Doucoure and Gueye. The Toffees have continually fluffed their lines in front of goal, however, and somehow, United are still ahead. It's still all to play for in the second half!
United have only attempted one shot since opening the scoring through Garnacho's acrobatic effort, while Everton have had 10 shots and hit the target four times. Dyche will want more of the same after half-time, only with more cutting edge in front of goal. Despite the scoreline, Ten Hag must be concerned about United's performance levels and will be desperate for them to show more control from here on out.
Everton get the ball rolling for the second half, with neither manager turning to their substitutes' benches during the interval.
United haven't lost a Premier League match in which they led at half-time since September 2014 (3-5 v Leicester City), winning 118 and drawing 19 of the 137 games in which they've been ahead at the break since then. Can Everton turn this one around?
Garnacho stays down, holding his hand, after being outmuscled by Garner as McTominay blasts a wild effort well over Pickford's crossbar. Garner may have accidentally stepped on the winger, but he's soon back to his feet and looks fine to continue.
The first few minutes of the second half have seen a real drop in intensity, with United slowing things down and keeping possession patiently at the back. Everton try to up the ante through Harrison, but his cross is held by Onana.
United have only managed five touches in Everton's box so far, while Garnacho's goal came from their only shot attempted from inside the area. Another Red Devils attack breaks down as Martial fails to hold the ball up.
DIVE OR PENALTY? Martial plays a give-and-go with Fernandes then goes down under Young's challenge as he reaches the area. The referee books him for simulation, but the VAR are going to check this… It did look like Young caught Martial…
John Brooks has been sent to the pitchside monitor for a review, and this looks ominous for Everton… Young clipped Martial's foot as he broke into the penalty area.
PENALTY GIVEN! Martial's booking is retracted as the referee points to the spot after watching the footage back! The next question is whether Young's foul was worthy of a second caution... The Everton full-back avoids a sending-off, but Rashford has a chance to put United 2-0 up from the spot!
GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL! RASHFORD CONVERTS FOR 2-0! Rashford makes no mistake against his England team-mate Pickford, stuttering before blasting his spot-kick into the top-left corner. It's a long way back for Everton from here!
ALMOST A STUNNING RESPONSE! Everton look to hit back as the ball drops kindly for Gueye, who hits a swerving half-volley on the outside of his right foot. It looks destined to find the top-left corner, but Onana springs to his right to tip it over. Great save!
Onana punches the resulting corner clear under pressure, then Everton's fans shout for a foul on Branthwaite from the second cross into the area, but the referee shakes his head. That was something of a desperate appeal.
Rashford's successful penalty was just his second goal in all competitions this season, having gone 12 games without netting for United since scoring in September's defeat to Arsenal. He'll be delighted at having ended his drought, with regular penalty taker Fernandes handing him the ball.
A cross from the Everton right is cleared as far as Mykolenko… but he drags a poor volley wide of the bottom-right corner from the edge of the area. Everton are still showing plenty of endeavour here, but the belief seems to have gone from the crowd since Rashford made it 2-0.
Everton have won just one of their last eight Premier League meetings with Manchester United (D4 L3), a 1-0 home win in April 2022. They need to produce something special to avoid another miserable result against the Red Devils.
United have definitely improved since their second goal, with Mykolenko forced to put it behind for a right-wing corner under pressure from Rashford. Fernandes' eventual delivery, however, is headed clear by Calvert-Lewin.
Now Mainoo finds Fernandes running in behind on the right with a great lofted pass. Fernandes pauses as he bears down on goal with the angle tight, before looking for Garnacho at the back post, but Tarkowski slides in to block his low cross.
Over! From the resulting corner, Garnacho peels away to strike a half-cleared delivery on the volley, but he sends a wild effort well over the crossbar.
Decent opening! Everton break through Harrison on the right, and he stands up a delivery for Calvert-Lewin in the middle. However, the delivery is slightly behind the striker and Maguire can help it back to his goalkeeper. With a little more accuracy, Everton might have cut the deficit there.
United come under more pressure as Young's right-wing cross is headed behind by Lindelof at the near post. Onana flaps at the resulting corner, but he's unchallenged as he claims the loose ball at the second attempt.
Good block! Everton seem to have woken up again now. Another Harrison cross takes a deflection and spins to Doucoure, who peels away to the back post to hit it on the volley, but Dalot throws himself in front of the powerful strike. Corner.
Waste! It's another uninspiring corner from Everton, with Dalot nodding the initial delivery away before Young plays an awful pass up into the air, giving the defence time to reset and clear. Dyche can't be happy with his team's failure to make those kinds of situations count.
We're past the 70-minute mark now, and both managers are preparing substitutions. Everton need to hit back soon in order to set up a grandstand finish.
Mainoo is congratulated by his team-mates as his impressive outing comes to an end. Amrabat replaces the teenager in midfield as United look to hold onto their lead.
Garnacho has also enjoyed a memorable outing, scoring a simply stunning opener to set United on their way. He gets a rest as fellow youngster Pellistri comes on.
Dyche responds with two changes of his own, with Danjuma replacing the ineffective McNeil in the first of those.
Patterson is also on in place of Young, who conceded a penalty and has generally struggled throughout.
GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL! MARTIAL MAKES IT THREE! Surely it's game over now as Everton are hit in transition. Fernandes slots a throughball into the path of Martial, who bears down on Pickford before beating him with a clever dinked finish with the outside of his right boot. It's 3-0 to United and surely game over at Goodison Park.
Fernandes gets the assist after spotting the run of Martial. This time, Young's leg wasn't in the Frenchman's way, and he made Everton pay with a cute finish.
With the three points now surely secure, Ten Hag withdraws Shaw on his return from injury. Wan-Bissaka comes on as Dalot moves over to left-back.
WOODWORK! Everton almost pull one back as Mykolenko charges into the penalty area before blasting a shot across goal and off the underside of the crossbar. Onana was definitely beaten, but the ball ricochets to safety. It simply hasn't been Everton's day!
The atmosphere is very different at Goodison now, with Everton's fans stunned into silence and the travelling contingent making all the noise. Credit to United – they were poor in the first half and had several lucky escapes, but they've stepped things up since the restart.
Garner goes for the spectacular from 30 yards out, but he sends a wild volley spinning away to the right of goal. That was never troubling Onana. With the game surely gone, Dyche is preparing to withdraw Calvert-Lewin.
Chermiti gets a run out as Dyche opts to protect injury-prone striker Calvert-Lewin.
Mykolenko clatters Pellistri, who is playing out on the United right, and the visitors get a free-kick in a crossing position. That was a frustrated challenge from the Everton man. The Toffees just haven't been able to muster any intensity since the break.
United are hunting a fourth goal as Dalot skips inside from the left before slipping the ball into the path of Pellistri, but the substitute's powerful drive is held by Pickford.
United's free-kick comes to nothing, and that is the signal for Ten Hag to make another change. Martial is replaced after winning a penalty and scoring a goal, with Mejbri on.
Much has been made of United's unconvincing performances in recent weeks, and their 1-0 win over Luton last time out was their 20th by a one-goal margin in the Premier League since the start of last season; no other side during that time has more than 13. They look set for a much more comprehensive win here!
Rashford has moved into a central position since Martial was substituted, with Pellistri and Mejbri flanking him. He's found by Fernandes as United threaten on the break… but Tarkowski dives in to prod Rashford's attempted return pass wide! Corner.
United work the corner short before crossing for Maguire, but the defender's awkward header is bobbling wide of goal anyway before Pickford claims it. The intensity has really dropped now, with United cruising towards a comfortable win.
Dyche hands Dobbin a chance from the bench, with Doucoure withdrawn. He squandered a glaring chance with the scoreline at 1-0... one of many misses the Toffees have ended up regretting!
WIDE! Everton go close to a consolation as Chermiti drives infield from the left before firing a shot at goal from 25 yards out. It has Onana worried, but it ultimately fades away from the top-right corner and drifts wide. Unlucky!
Gueye is booked for a late lunge in midfield. We've played two of six additional minutes at the end of this game.
This is the fourth time that Everton have trailed by three or more goals in a Premier League home game in 2023 (also against Brighton, Newcastle United and Manchester City) - their most in a calendar year in the competition.
OFF THE LINE! Everton win a corner on the left, which is swung to the back post by Garner. Tarkowski heads it across goal and Harrison gets a slight touch with his knee, but it's scrambled off the goal line with multiple red shirts back around Onana. That sums up Everton's efforts in the final third – it simply won't go in for them!
Everton are still pushing for a goal as Gueye's blocked shot spins out to Dobbin… but the substitute fires over Onana's crossbar from an inside-left position. That will be that at Goodison!
FULL-TIME: EVERTON 0-3 MANCHESTER UNITED.
The full-time whistle sounds at Goodison, and Everton are beaten on their first outing since having 10 points deducted, going down 3-0 to Manchester United! After being stunned by Garnacho's incredible overhead kick in the third minute, Everton were terrific for most of the first half, spurred on by a raucous home crowd as Calvert-Lewin, Garner, Doucoure and Gueye all spurned excellent chances. United made them pay for those misses after the interval, when Everton simply failed to replicate the same intensity. Young's clumsy foul on Martial allowed Rashford to convert from the penalty spot, then Martial beat Pickford with a clever finish to put the result beyond all doubt. Everton remain five points adrift of safety following Luton's win over Crystal Palace on Saturday – they have a huge fight on their hands to survive after losing 10 of the 14 points they have earned this term. United are up to sixth ahead of their huge Champions League trip to Galatasaray on Wednesday, when a defeat would see the Red Devils eliminated from Europe's premier club competition. That's all from us, so until next time, thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Fulham and Wolves at Craven Cottage!
Compared to their heights of last season, Fulham have made an inconsistent start to this campaign, coming into this game sitting in 15th place with just 12 points so far. They've won just three of their Premier League games so far (D3 L6), and are without a win in their last four outings in the competition, drawing one and losing the other three. Two of those victories have come at home, including their most recent - a 3-1 win over Sheffield United - though that was back at the start of October.
As for Wolves, after a slightly slow start to their own season, they're hitting their stride now. They've lost just one of their last seven Premier League outings (W3 D3), though that defeat did come in their last away trip as they had a controversial penalty awarded against them in the dying moments which saw Sheffield United beat them 2-1. Wolves come into this game on the back of an outstanding stoppage-time comeback which saw them beat Tottenham 2-1 before the international break.
FULHAM STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Calvin Bassey, Tim Ream, Antonee Robinson; Alex Iwobi, Harrison Reed; Tom Cairney, Andreas Pereira, Willian; Raul Jimenez.
FULHAM SUBS: Tosin Adarabioyo, Harry Wilson, Marek Rodak, Kenny Tete, Sasa Lukic, Fode Ballo-Toure, Carlos Vinicius, Luke Harris, Bobby De Cordova-Reid.
WOLVES STARTING XI (3-5-2): Jose Sa; Maximilian Kilman, Santiago Bueno, Toti Gomes; Nelson Semedo, Jean-Ricner Bellegarde, Joao Gomes, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Hwang Hee-Chan, Matheus Cunha.
WOLVES SUBS: Pablo Sarabia, Boubacar Traore, Tommy Doyle, Sasa Kalajdzic, Matt Doherty, Daniel Bentley, Jonny Otto, Fabio Silva, Hugo Bueno.
Marco Silva makes two changes from the loss to Aston Villa two weeks ago, with Reed and Cairney both coming into the side. Jimenez, who scored his first Fulham goal in that game, retains his place against his former side and Leno makes his 150th Premier League appearance. De Cordova-Reid drops to the bench, while Joao Palhinha is suspended for accumulating five bookings this season.
There's just one change by Gary O'Neil to his side after their win over Spurs last time out, and it's an enforced one. Craig Dawson is suspended, so he's replaced by Santiago Bueno, who has recovered from an ankle injury. Lemina and Semedo have both overcome injuries of their own to start, while Doherty is fit enough for the bench after a hamstring issue.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Pereira gets the game under way for Fulham!
GREAT CHANCE! It's almost a great start for Fulham! They work it quickly upfield, with Pereira racing down the right before fizzing it in from the byline. Jimenez is closest to it in the middle, but he completely misses the ball.
Wolves are dominating possession now, but it's all in front of their hosts. You can see the intent is there to move it forward quickly, but they can't find a way through Fulham at the moment.
Reed tries to intercept a throughball, but his touch inadvertently sets up Bellegarde. He's wiped out by Robinson just after poking it forward, but Leno rushes out of his box to stop Hwang from reaching it.
IWOBI SCORES! It's a lovely team move from Fulham! It starts with Iwobi as he cuts inside from the right before sweeping it out to Robinson on the opposite flank. He plays a one-two with Willian before squaring it into the middle and putting it on a plate for Iwobi to guide it past Sa from the six-yard box. 1-0 Fulham!
Robinson spotted Willian in space out wide, but helped to keep the move alive by making the underlapping run, which wasn't picked up by any of the Wolves defenders.
GREAT SAVE! Iwobi fizzes a dangerous cross into the far post and Jimenez tries to catch out Sa from a tight angle but only wins a corner. Pereira whips the set-piece into Cairney on the edge of the box, who hits the shot on the half-volley, and the keeper gets a strong hand to this one too.
Lemina is slightly unlucky to give away a free-kick as he gets in a tangle with Pereira. The Brazilian steps up to take it, but curls his cross too close to Sa, who comfortably pulls it in.
Only Liverpool (12), Chelsea and Tottenham (both eight) have won more points from losing positions in the Premier League this season than Wolves (seven), three of which came last time out against Spurs.
Ait-Nouri is clipped as he tries to keep the ball in play and he rolls out, holding onto his ankle. He looks to be in some discomfort as the medical team gives him treatment. With him off the pitch, the game is able to continue.
OFF THE BAR! Wolves may be temporarily down to 10 men, but it doesn't hinder them! Lemina's throughball carves Fulham wide open through the middle, and Hwang races into the box before firing an early shot on goal. Leno is beaten, but it smacks the bar.
Ait-Nouri is back on the pitch to help defend another Fulham corner as Pereira swings it into the box. His delivery is poor again though as it's comfortably cleared by the first man.
Fulham look dangerous every time they go forward at the moment, and Iwobi gets his head up to spot a lot of runners into the box. He overhits the throughball into Jimenez though, and it rolls harmlessly out.
Ream is the first name into the book after tugging back Hwang to stop him on the break.
Ait-Nouri only lasted about three minutes after receiving treatment on his ankle, but he can't carry on. Doherty, who is only just back after a hamstring injury, is brought on in his place.
Wolves are just starting to up the pressure a little here now and are pushing Fulham deeper into their own half. The visitors are staying patient, waiting for their moment.
CUNHA EQUALISES! It's another brilliant team goal! Wolves move it out from the back quickly, but after a series of one-touch passes to get it through midfield, the best bit of play comes from Bellegarde as he twists Robinson one way and the other before clipping it into the far post. Cunha is unmarked, and he rises high to thump his header past Leno. 1-1!
Bellegarde jinks this way and that, giving Robinson no chance of guessing where he's going. When he gets a yard on the defender, he gets his head up to pick out a cross to Cunha at the far post.
It's all Wolves at the moment, who look a lot more settled now that they're back on level terms. Fulham are dropping deep, unsure whether to press or block the space.
Fulham have the chance to play out from the back, but Reed clumsily gives away possession under pressure from Joao Gomes. Lemina slides it forward for Doherty, who tries to pull it back to the midfielder, but it's cut out by Castagne.
Fulham keep looking to their right side to make something happen here, and Iwobi picks out Pereira ahead of him. He's looking for Jimenez with his deep cross, but Bueno just takes it off his toe.
Wolves are crowding together in midfield, giving Fulham very little space to work in when they try to go forward. So, Willian cleverly flicks it through a tight gap into the box, but none of his team-mates made the run.
Iwobi has scored four Premier League goals against Wolves, at least twice as many as against any other side in the competition.
Willian is just too quick, and the ball is gone before Joao Gomes steps on his foot trying to block the pass. He's the first Wolves player into the book.
BLOCK! Toti Gomes slides in on Pereira to stop the run and almost tees up Jimenez for a shot. Kilman is covering to take it off his toe, but he pokes it to Cairney, whose first-time shot is charged down by Lemina.
BLOCK! At the other end, Fulham just can't clear their lines from a corner, and Joao Gomes dribbles his way into the box. When a loose touch gets away from him, Toti Gomes takes over, drilling a low cross into the far post. Reed stops it from reaching Hwang.
Wolves are pressing high upfield, and though Fulham are keeping possession well, they can't get it into midfield. Bassey eventually goes long to Cairney, but the visitors just as quickly drop into their compact shape.
Iwobi is still getting a lot of joy down the right, and this time, he fizzes a low cross onto the edge of the box. Pereira gets too tight to Kilman as he tries to control it though, fouling the defender.
For all of their patient play, Wolves just seem to be lacking something in the final third at the moment. They're moving it forward well, only for their attacks to break down with a final loose ball.
CHANCE! Robinson intercepts a throughball and knocks it back to Leno, who is immediately put under pressure by Lemina. The forward nicks it off him, but can't get a sight of goal, and he can't get enough on his pullback to Doherty.
Into three added minutes here and Fulham are looking to take a lead into half-time. Willian hooks a cross into the box towards Cairney, but Semedo tracks back to clear his lines.
HALF-TIME: FULHAM 1-1 WOLVES.
It's all square at the break, with Fulham and Wolves drawing 1-1. It was a great start for the hosts, who went ahead just seven minutes in, with Iwobi starting and finishing a good move as he guided his shot home. Cairney almost doubled their lead minutes later, only to be denied by a good save by Sa. Hwang had a glorious chance to equalise on the counter but smacked the bar from outside the box. Cunha did hit the back of the net though, thumping a bouncing header past Leno into the bottom corner.
Silva will have been pleased with how his side started the game, but they dropped off slightly after that. They began to reassert themselves just before the break though, and he'll be hoping to pick up where they left off. O'Neil wouldn't have been fazed by conceding so early with his team's knack for coming from behind. They responded well to that, but didn't create too many chances, something the manager will want to improve in the second half.
Wolves get us back under way for the second half!
CHANCE! Wolves' aim is clear as they move it straight into the box from the kick-off. Doherty hooks it onto the penalty spot where Cunha is waiting, but he glances his header wide of the far post.
SAVE! Cunha gets out of a tight spot with some neat footwork and touches it back to Lemina. He takes it to the edge of the D before choosing to have a go himself, but he drags at his shot and Leno holds onto it.
Twice in this second half so far, Robinson has made darting runs down the left which none of the Wolves players have picked up. His first cross was poor, but this one is drilled in, and Kilman has to stretch to stop it from reaching Jimenez.
Wolves have only won one of their six Premier League games this season when they've gone into half-time level (D2 L3), while Fulham have won three of their five such matches in 2023-24 (D1 L1).
GOOD SAVE! Castagne slid in to make a vital block at the near post, and the resulting corner is swung in by Lemina. Cunha rises high to meet it at the far post, but Leno gets a strong hand behind the thumping header.
PENALTY TO FULHAM! Cairney flew into a clean challenge on Lemina to get Fulham on the attack, and when Pereira loses the ball, he takes over again. He skips away from Semedo, with the wing-back just stepping on his foot, and after a moment's thought, the referee points to the spot.
VAR is having a very close look at the penalty incident to make sure there was contact from Semedo on Cairney. After a lot of replays, they agree that the wing-back did step on the Fulham captain's trailing foot, and after a quick check to make sure there wasn't an offside, the onfield decision stands!
WILLIAN SCORES! Fulham are back in front! It's as cool as you like from the Brazilian, who takes his run up from the edge of the 18-yard box, but just stutters in front of the ball. Once the goalkeeper shifts his weight to his right, Willian slides it down the opposite side of the goal, giving Sa no chance. 2-1 Fulham!
Wolves want a quick response, and just like at the start of the second half, they quickly work it into the box from the restart. Hwang pulls it back to Cunha, but his low shot is held by Leno at the near post.
Wolves are making their second change here. Bellegarde, whose clever footwork set-up the visitors' equaliser, is replaced by a striker in Kalajdzic.
Fulham break quickly on the counter, with Castagne leading the charge down the right. He has bodies to aim for in the box, but he gets the cross all wrong as it sails out to Willian on the far side.
Willian has scored all six of his penalties taken in the Premier League - only seven players have a better 100 per cent conversion rate in the competition's history.
GOOD SAVE! Castagne plays a long pass over the top to Jimenez, who can't control it under pressure, and the loose touch bounces into Iwobi's path. He has a free run at goal but takes his shot from the edge of the box, and Sa rushes forward to tip it over the bar.
Wolves are struggling to keep hold of the ball at the moment. They're winning it back in good positions to stop Fulham from getting into the final third, but just as quickly losing it again in midfield.
SAVE! It's another wonderful throughball from Wolves, this time by Joao Gomes as he cuts open Fulham's defence to pick out Cunha. He can't wrap his foot around the shot though and hits it straight at Leno.
PENALTY TO WOLVES! Bassey beats Kalajdzic to the ball, but his header loops back towards his own box. Hwang gets between Robinson and Ream, with the latter clumsily crashing into the forward just inside the penalty area. The referee points straight to the spot!
HWANG SCORES! And Wolves are level once more! It's an emphatic penalty from the South Korean as he steps up and fires his shot straight down the middle. Leno is already diving and it flies over the goalkeeper's legs and into the back of the net. 2-2!
Fulham's reaction to conceding that goal is to make a double change as they look to take the lead for the third time. Jimenez is replaced by Vinicius.
And Wilson is brought on in place of Pereira.
WIDE! Castagne darts down the right once more before pulling it back to Cairney on the edge of the box. He drops a shoulder to lose Toti Gomes and open up a pocket of space, but he rifles his shot just wide of the near post.
There's a bit of a scramble in the Fulham box as Doherty's cross isn't dealt with by Leno at the near post. Hwang is caught on his heels and can't react to get on the loose ball before Ream clears his lines.
SAVE! Wolves are crowding bodies into their box, but Fulham are more than happy to keep trying their luck from range. It's Iwobi who steps up this time, curling his shot through the crowd, but Sa holds onto it.
There's almost a nervy moment at the back for Wolves as Lemina knocks it back to Sa, not realising how close Vinicius is. The keeper stays calm though, slotting it past the substitute to set the visitors on their way.
Wolves' final roll of the dice sees Doyle come on to replace Cunha for the remaining minutes.
It's late by Lemina as he steps across Cairney, stopping the Scotsman's run. He's protesting his innocence, but the referee is showing him a yellow card.
Wolves just haven't been able to cope with the link-up between Willian and Robinson down Fulham's left in the second half. Wilson also gets in on the act this time, spinning away from Bueno, but his cross is nowhere near a team-mate.
Vinicius goes down softly before reacting angrily when Kilman tells him to get up. The forward leans his head in towards the Wolves captain as he squares up, and the referee has to show him a yellow card.
PENALTY? Willian dinks it over the top for Robinson, who pulls it back from the byline. Joao Gomes' first touch is heavy and Wilson quickly gets across to nick it off him, tripping over the Brazilian's outstretched leg. The home fans and players are asking the question, but the referee gives a shake of his head. VAR will have a look at it though...
The board has gone up to say there will be seven added minutes, but there'll be more than that as VAR takes a long look at the potential Fulham penalty. After watching all the angles, referee Michael Salisbury is asked to go over to the monitor.
PENALTY TO FULHAM! Joao Gomes can't control the ball as it bounces off his thigh, and he desperately stretches to try and stop Wilson from nicking it off him. The Brazilian took out the man, and Fulham have another spot-kick!
WILLIAN SCORES AGAIN! Just like last time, the midfielder takes a long run-up from the edge of the box and hesitates just in front of the ball. He doesn't catch Sa out this time, as the keeper dives the right way, but Willian's penalty is precise. It's out of Sa's reach as it nestles into the bottom-left corner. 3-2 Fulham! Can they hold on this time?
Silva wants to see out this win, and he's bringing on defensive reinforcements to do it. Cairney, who has had a great game in the middle of the park, is replaced by Lukic.
And after scoring what Fulham will hope is the winning goal, Willian goes off for Adarabioyo.
Fulham are doing a good job of keeping hold of the ball as they try to run the clock down. They're still pushing forward, and Wolves just can't get close to their hosts at the moment.
The Fulham fans are asking for the final whistle, but there's going to be another couple of minutes yet after that long VAR check at the start of stoppage time. The hosts are pressing Wolves high, trying to block their way into the final third.
CHANCE! Wolves win a free-kick on the right and Sa makes his way forward for what is surely the last chance. Fulham can't clear their lines and Doyle pokes it back into the six-yard box. Kalajdzic loses his bearings, but Robinson is there to block the cross on the line and hook it away.
FULL-TIME: FULHAM 3-2 WOLVES.
Willian's stoppage-time penalty ends Fulham's winless run as they beat Wolves 3-2. It was an even first half, which ended with the teams level at 1-1. Iwobi put the Cottagers ahead after just seven minutes before Cunha equalised with a thumping header 15 minutes later. Hwang also rattled the crossbar between those two goals. The story of the second half revolves around penalties. Cairney won the first when he was tripped by Semedo, and Willian stepped up to wrongfoot the keeper and fire Fulham back into the lead. At the other end, Hwang was clumsily bundled over by Ream in the box and fired his own spot-kick down the middle. Then, in stoppage time, Fulham were awarded another by VAR after Joao Gomes desperately tripped Wilson, and Willian was on target once more as he squeezed it past Sa from 12 yards. That's Fulham's first win in four, and it moves them up to 14th. Next up for them is a trip to Anfield to face Liverpool. Wolves suffer their second consecutive away defeat as they stay in 12th. They travel to Arsenal at the weekend. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Luton Town and Crystal Palace at Kenilworth Road.
Luton have won just one of their first 12 games in the Premier League this season, with their only victory coming against Everton at Goodison Park. It is their fewest wins at this stage of a top-flight campaign since 1974-75 (winning one, drawing six and losing five), where they went on to finish at the bottom of the table. The Hatters are also on a six-game winless run but will be encouraged by their recent performances. Rob Edwards’ men were unfortunate not to beat Liverpool in their last home match, with Luis Diaz’s stoppage-time strike helping the Reds earn a point before losing 1-0 to Manchester United at Old Trafford. Luton were also handed a boost during the international break as they moved out of the relegation zone after Everton’s 10-point deduction for breaching financial rules.
Palace are in a comfortable position in the Premier League table and are 10 points above the relegation zone. However, the Eagles are going through a rough patch of form, losing three of their last four matches and conceding nine goals. Roy Hodgson’s men seemed to put back-to-back defeats against Newcastle United and Tottenham behind them with a win over Burnley before falling to a 3-2 defeat versus Everton in their previous outing. Dropping down to 13th position, a compact table means they are only five points away from seventh place. Despite this, they will need to collect a rare away victory against Luton if they want to turn their form around, only winning one of their last eight top-flight meetings with the Hatters (drawing three and losing four).
LUTON TOWN (3-4-2-1): Thomas Kaminski; Teden Mengi, Tom Lockyer, Gabriel Osho; Amari'i Bell, Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu, Ross Barkley, Alfie Doughty; Andros Townsend, Chiedozie Ogbene; Carlton Morris.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: Luke Berry, Elijah Adebayo, Tahith Chong, Jordan Clark, Jacob Brown, Tim Krul, Ryan Giles, Zack Nelson, Jayden Luker.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-2-3-1): Sam Johnstone; Joel Ward, Joachim Andersen, Marc Guehi, Tyrick Mitchell; Cheick Doucoue, Jefferson Lerma; Michael Olise, Eberechi Eze, Jeffrey Schlupp; Odsonne Edouard.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: Rob Holding, Jordan Ayew, Matheus Franca, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Nathaniel Clyne, Will Hughes, Chris Richards, Naouirou Ahamada, Remi Matthews.
Luton make two changes to the side that lost to Manchester United in their previous match. Issa Kabore suffered a head injury while playing for Burkina Faso during the international break and is replaced by Bell on the right. Marvelous Nakamba also misses out, with Mpanzu coming into the midfield.
Palace make two alterations to the team that were beaten by Everton in their last outing. Doucoure comes in and partners Lerma just in front of the defence, meaning Hughes drops onto the bench. Hodgson is also boosted by the return of Olise, who starts in the Premier League for the first time this season after an injury. Ayew makes way as a result.
This is the first meeting between Luton and Palace in any competition since the 2006-07 Championship campaign, with the home side winning both games 2-1 back then. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Luton get this Premier League clash under way. Morris with the first pass all the way back to Kaminski.
WIDE! Palace have the first chance of the game. Eze rushes down the middle of Luton's half and switches possession over to Olise on the edge of the box. He cuts the ball onto his left foot and curls his shot across the goal and wide.
Luton's Townsend will be a player to watch in this match. He played 168 Premier League games for Palace between 2016 and 2021. Six different players have scored against Palace in the competition after playing for them, most recently Patrick Bamford for Leeds in April. Townsend’s one goal against Palace came just before he joined the club, scoring a free-kick for Newcastle United in April 2016.
Luton have had spells of possession in this game but have not been able to retain the ball for long periods. The hosts try to put some pressure on Palace down the right, but Morris fouls Lerma with a push and the Eagles have it back.
Olise has had a lively start to the game on his return to the Palace side. He wins possession off Bell and loops a cross towards the back of the box, but it goes over everyone and Doughty deals with it.
Palace come forward again through Doucoure, who surges into space before laying a pass into the feet of Edouard. The striker turns on the ball and pokes a shot towards the goal that is saved with ease by Kaminski.
Luton are keeping possession well around Palace's box and are looking to work an opening. Bell's cross is headed on by Lockyer, with Townsend keeping the attack alive down the right. He puts the ball back in, but Johnstone claims it.
Morris drifts over to the right to help stretch the pitch, laying a pass back to Doughty. He swings a cross into the heart of the box, but Andersen heads it away unchallenged.
Olise is looking to get on the ball as much as possible down the right. He is dropping back to the halfway line to try and get involved in the game before rushing down the wing.
The first yellow card of the game goes to Lerma after a late tackle on Lockyer. The Luton captain looks hurt but returns to his feet.
Doughty is over a deep free-kick in Palace's half, but the chance quickly evaporates after a foul in the box. It was a rare opportunity to get the ball forward with plenty of options in the middle.
Edouard does well to control a long ball forward, allowing Palace to recycle possession down the left side of the pitch. Olise rushes towards the byline and pulls a low cross across the box, but Eze does not make the run and Luton clear it away.
Luton have suffered five Premier League defeats by a single goal this season, the joint most of any side (level with Sheffield United). Meanwhile, three of opponents Palace’s four wins this season have come via a one-goal victory. The Eagles have had the better chances to break the deadlock in the opening exchanges, but Kaminski is yet to be seriously challenged in the Luton goal.
Schlupp does well to control a loose ball in Luton's half and weaves his way through a couple of players. He lays a pass down the right to Olise, who cuts inside and has his shot blocked. His effort was never going to reach the goal with two defenders ahead of him.
TWO SAVES! Kaminski keeps the score level with a couple of quick stops. Eze collects Doucoure's pass and unleashes a powerful effort that deflects off a Luton defender. Kaminski gets down to his right to push away the ball before saving the rebound from Schlupp.
Luton are trapped in their own half and are struggling to get Morris and Ogbene into the game. Eze and Olise have kept their defenders busy.
Luton win a corner on the right, with Barkley curling an inviting cross into the heart of the box. Lockyer and Mengi look to get efforts away, but Palace clear it out.
Andersen takes too long in possession, with Morris forcing him to pass it straight out for a throw-in. Kenilworth Road erupts, with the hosts starting to build their way into the game.
Doughty's free-kick from the left is headed out of the box by Andersen. The ball rolls to Bell, who drills a low shot straight into the gloves of Johnstone. He did well to control his strike, but it was a simple save for the goalkeeper.
Ogbene collects a pass down the left and uses his quick feet to escape Ward. The former Rotherham United man then drives a pass towards the edge of the box, with Townsend going down under a challenge from a defender. Weak appeals for a penalty are quickly turned down by the referee.
Palace have won five of their last 11 away Premier League matches since Hodgson returned to the club (drawing two and losing four), as many as in their previous 28 combined on the road (drawing nine and losing 14). Since the first away game in this run (April 9th, 5-1 at Leeds), only Man City (six) have won more away games than the Eagles. They started the game well but are currently having to soak up some pressure from Luton.
Luton are launching crosses into the box from the right and left, but Palace are doing well to deal with them. Ward, Andersen, Guehi and Mitchell have all made important headers away, with Morris yet to have a shot.
Luton's shape has made it difficult for Palace to create any noteworthy attacks in the last 15 minutes. The press from the attacking trio has stopped the visitors from building out the back with ease. Additionally, their compact midfield and defence has stopped their playmakers from getting on the ball.
Schlupp has possession on the edge of the box and lashes a shot towards the goal that deflects off Lockyer and out for a corner. However, nothing comes from the following cross.
Doughty does well to win possession back inside Palace's half and plays a quick one-two with Morris before laying a pass out to Ogbene. He assesses his options before curling a cross into the box that defects behind for a corner.
Doughty's corner is met by Lockyer in the middle of the box, but the Luton captain puts too much on his header, with the ball going well over.
Eze runs down the left and plays the ball into the path of Schlupp, who overlaps him down the left. He looks for options in the middle and plays a low cross in, but Kaminski gets it away.
Eze races towards Luton's box and is tripped by Lockyer, who goes into the book. Shooting opportunity for Palace.
Eze won the free-kick and takes responsibility to take it. His right-footed effort curls around the right side of the wall and into the gloves of  Kaminski, who makes a strong stop.
There will be two minutes of additional time.
HALF-TIME: LUTON TOWN 0-0 CRYSTAL PALACE
Kaminski made an impressive double-save to keep the score level in the first half, with the game between Luton and Palace goalless at the break. The Eagles had the better chances and looked to open the scoring early in the match. Olise attempted to mark his return to the side with a goal inside the opening minute but curled his left-footed strike around the post. Edouard's poked effort was then saved easily by the goalkeeper before he followed up with two phenomenal stops. Eze's powerful shot from the edge took a wicked deflection, with Kaminski getting down to his right to parry it away before blocking Schlupp's rebound. Luton's best opportunity came through Lockyer, but he headed over from a corner.
Luton will be frustrated with their performance before the break, only having three shots and creating an expected goals (xG) figure of 0.17. Townsend and Doughty have put a number of crosses into the box, but Palace have been able to deal with them. Morris has often been forced wide, meaning the Hatters have not had a target in the middle. As for the Eagles, they will be encouraged by their attempts. Olise has been involved at every opportunity on his first start of the season and has already had 36 touches on the right. Eze has also looked dangerous behind Edouard, who will be disappointed that he was only able to get one shot away before the break.
Eze gets the ball rolling again. No changes at the break.
Palace start the second half in a similar way to what they did in the first. The away side keep possession well outside Luton's box, with Olise receiving it on the right. He attempts to swing a low cross into the middle with the outside of his foot, but Kaminski claims it.
Hodgson looks concerned with Eze on the floor. He only just came back from injury and does not look like he will be able to continue.
Palace are forced into an early change in the second half. Eze comes off with an injury and is replaced in the attack by Ayew. A huge blow for the Eagles.
Osho pulls back Schlupp and goes into the book.
There is another stoppage in the game with Doucoure on the floor. He slipped as he made a pass and requires medical treatment. The stretcher is on the pitch. An awful couple of minutes for Palace.
There is an applause from all four corners of the ground as Doucoure is carried off on a stretcher. Hughes takes his place in the midfield. Palace only have one more window to make substitutions after two quick injuries.
Former Watford player Hughes gets a hostile reception from the home fans with his first few touches on the ball. Palace will need to regroup after two injuries have forced them into changes.
Ogbene races in from the left and looks to go past Ward, with the full-back blocking his cross out for a corner. Doughty's outswinging cross is headed away, with Mengi unable to do anything with the loose ball.
Barkley is shown a yellow card
Olise lofts a deep free-kick into Luton's box, with  Andersen unmarked at the back. He looks to volley the ball back across the box rather than shooting, but his attempt is poor and Luton clear it away.
Luton make a couple of changes to try and find the first goal of the game. Mpanzu has had a busy game in the midfield and is replaced by Clark.
Chong scored Luton's goal against Liverpool in their last match and is now on the pitch. Former Palace man Townsend makes way.
Barkley and Ogbene combine on the left, with the latter racing past Ward before being fouled by Hughes. Luton have a chance to put the ball in the box, but Doughty overhits his cross.
Four of the six top-flight meetings between Luton and Palace have been drawn (one win each), including both games the last time the sides met in the top tier in 1991-92.
EDOUARD SCORES BUT THERE IS A VAR CHECK! What a moment for the Eagles, who have suffered a couple of injuries in this half. Edouard races onto a long ball forward and pushes away the challenge from Lockyer. His first shot is blocked by the sliding defender, but he scores the rebound from a tight angle. However, there will be a VAR check.
NO GOAL! The Luton fans cheer as the goal will not count. Edouard used his hand before scoring and is punished as a result. The game remains level.
Clark goes into the book for a slide tackle on Hughes. The energy of the game has risen since the disallowed goal.
For a third consecutive Premier League season, Palace’s Edouard has scored at least five goals (six in 2021-22 and five in 2022-23). He’s done so in just 11 appearances this season, scoring the same amount in 35 appearances last term. He thought he had netted the opener moments ago, but the ball hit his hand before scoring.
GOALLLL! MENGI SCORES! 1-0 LUTON! The hosts thought they had gone behind just a few minutes ago but they now have the lead. Doughty's outswinging corner is headed on by Morris to Mengi, who fires the ball across the goal and into the bottom corner.
Morris has not had a lot of battles in the air but does brilliantly to get on the end of Doughty's cross. His downward header gives Mengi a chance, with the defender finishing well.
Luton make a change right after netting the opener. It is a straight swap in the attack, with Morris off for Adebayo.
GOALLL! OLISE SCORES! 1-1! What a response from Palace. Olise has been electric on the right in this game. He races down the wing and cuts into the box before lashing his shot across the goal and into the top corner.
Ward plays the ball into the path of Olise, but the goal comes from the winger. He makes a fantastic run down the right, beating his way past a couple of Luton players before producing a brilliant finish.
Palace have failed to win in their last seven matches when conceding the opening goal in the English Premier League dating back to 29th April 2023 against West Ham United. However, they scored soon after conceding and now have all the momentum. Edwards might regret taking Morris off straight after Luton's goal.
CHANCE! Olise curls a free-kick into the box, with Guehi racing away from the Luton defence and having a free shot at goal. His attempt is blocked by Kaminski, with Ayew unable to head in the rebound. The flag then goes up for offside.
Luton need to stop Palace's momentum if they want to get anything out of this game and have decided to make a change. Brown replaces Doughty on the wing.
Palace make two alterations. Edouard thought he had broken the deadlock earlier in the game, but his goal was disallowed for handball. He is replaced up front by Mateta.
Schlupp also makes his way off after a quiet game on the wing. Ahamada is given the last 10 minutes to make an impact.
Olise is up against two defenders but finds a way to fire a cross into the box. However, it goes over everyone and Luton clear it away. Palace are trying to get Olise on the ball at every opportunity.
Mateta has a chance soon after coming on, but he slips just inside the box, with his effort rolling into the gloves of Kaminski.
GOALLL! BROWN SCORES! 2-1 LUTON! The hosts are ahead for a second time. Ogbene comes forward with possession on the right and curls in a phenomenal low cross. Andersen and Johnstone leave it for each other, allowing Brown to race in and poke the ball into the net.
That could be one of the assists of the season from Ogbene. He has the ball on the wing in a wide position, but the mixture of pace and curl on his cross makes it impossible to deal with. Brown spots the danger and comes in to score his first Premier League goal.
Palace have conceded six goals in the last 15 minutes of the second half, only Sheffield United (11) and West Ham United (seven) have conceded more in the English Premier League this season.
SAVE! Palace are still in this game and are putting the pressure on Luton. Mateta fails to collect a cross from the left, but the ball drops to Andersen, who is free at close range. He attempts to drive a low shot into the near post, but Kaminski sticks out a leg to make an impressive stop.
Lockyer has a free-kick in the middle of the pitch but sends the ball straight out for a Palace goal-kick. Luton need to be calmer in possession in the last few minutes of the game, with the Eagles committing men forward at every chance they get.
There will be 12 minutes of additional time.
Luton substitute Adebayo goes into the book for a foul just inside the Hatters' half.
Palace keep the pressure on from the free-kick, with the ball bouncing around the box. Luton struggle to get it away, but a cross towards Mateta goes behind.
Lerma climbs over Chong to win a header, with the former Manchester United man going down and needing treatment. Even more minutes will now be added.
Chong is fine to continue. The referee gives Palace possession, but they waste it.
Andersen strolls into Luton's half with possession and attempts to chip a cross into the box. However, it takes a defection off a Luton player on the way through and rolls back to Kaminski. Time is running out for Palace to find an equaliser.
Mateta does well to win possession deep in Luton's half and flick a pass into the feet of Mitchell. He fires a cross into Ayew, but he cannot control the ball, with it bouncing off his foot and behind for a goal-kick.
OVER! Ayew plays the ball down the left to the overlapping Lerma, who whips a cross into the box. Olise gets there and meets it with his head, but his effort loops over and grazes the top of the net.
Kaminski takes too long with a goal-kick and goes into the book as a result.
Palace are going direct with their passes, but Luton are getting there first every time. The hosts win the header and then clear the ball back down the pitch. The home fans are getting louder by the minute.
POST! Palace crash the post in the final few seconds. Ward finds Olise down the right, who cuts in and swings a fast cross into the heart of the box. Lerma gets there first, but he hits the woodwork.
FULL-TIME: LUTON TOWN 2-1 CRYSTAL PALACE
Luton secure their first Premier League home win with a dramatic 2-1 victory over Palace! Olise looked bright early on and curled a shot wide inside 60 seconds. Kaminski was then forced into a fine double save as the visitors continued to press. Eze unleashed a strike from the edge of the box that deflected off a Luton defender, with the goalkeeper getting down to his right to push it away. Schlupp was there for the rebound, but Kaminski denied him at close range. Eze and Doucoure were forced off through injury soon after the break, with Edouard also denied the opener after a VAR check. His first shot was blocked before tapping in the rebound, but the ball hit his arm and the goal was disallowed. Mengi then netted the first goal, getting on the end of Morris' knock-down and directing his shot into the bottom corner. Olise cut in from the right and curled in a phenomenal leveller before a frantic end to the contest. Brown raced onto a low cross from Ogbene to put the Hatters ahead, with Lerma hitting the post in the final seconds. Next up, Luton travel to Brentford in the Premier League, with Palace heading to West Ham. That's all for today, goodbye.
nan
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Newcastle United and Chelsea at St. James' Park!
The international break seemed to come at the right time for Newcastle, whose injury-hit squad was starting to slip after another bright start to their season. They lost consecutive games doing into the break, losing 2-0 to Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League before being seen off by Bournemouth by the same scoreline. Before that defeat to the Cherries, Eddie Howe's side were unbeaten in seven Premier League outings (W5 D2), and they come into today in great home form, having won their last four at St. James' Park without conceding a single goal.
As for Chelsea, they've lost just one of their last eight matches in all competitions (W5 D2) and were involved in two quite incredible games in the week before the international break, beating nine-man Tottenham 4-1 before coming from behind to snatch a late point in a 4-4 draw with Manchester City. The Blues have actually won their last three matches on the road in the Premier League, but only against Liverpool and Arsenal (15 each) have they lost more away games in the competition than against Newcastle (13).
NEWCASTLE UNITED STARTING XI (4-3-3): Nick Pope; Kieran Trippier, Jamaal Lascelles, Fabian Schar, Tino Livramento; Lewis Miley, Bruno Guimaraes, Joelinton; Miguel Almiron, Alexander Isak, Anthony Gordon.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Loris Karius, Paul Dummett, Amadou Diallo, Michael Ndiweni, Matt Ritchie, Alex Murphy, Martin Dubravka, Ben Parkinson, Mark Gillespie.
CHELSEA STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Robert Sanchez; Reece James, Thiago Silva, Benoit Badiashile, Marc Cucurella; Lesley Ugochukwu, Enzo Fernandez; Cole Palmer, Conor Gallagher, Raheem Sterling; Nicolas Jackson.
CHELSEA SUBS: Axel Disasi, Noni Madueke, Armando Broja, Ian Maatsen, Dorde Petrovic, Levi Colwill, Mykhailo Mudryk, Moises Caicedo, Alex Matos.
Howe makes three changes to the side that lost to Bournemouth last time out, getting a couple of boosts with returning players. Isak has recovered from a groin injury and Guimaraes is back from suspension to start, with Livramento also coming in. Lewis Hall is ineligible to face his parent club, while Sean Longstaff and Joe Willock are both out through injury.
There are just two changes by Mauricio Pochettino from their draw with City two weeks ago. Badiashile and Ugochukwu are both brought in, while Gallagher is fit to retain his place after an ankle problem. Caicedo and Disasi start on the bench, as does Colwill after passing a late fitness test for a shoulder injury.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Jackson gets the game under way for Chelsea!
Newcastle win a free-kick just inside their own half, but Trippier hangs a good cross to the edge of the box for his team-mates to attack. There's a bit of a scramble, and Badiashile eventually hooks it away.
Newcastle's attack fizzles out and Cucurella slides it forward, setting Jackson on the counter. He patiently works it through the middle before he's closed down, and Lascelles steps in to cut out the layoff to Sterling.
Chelsea have won more Premier League points against teams starting the day above them in the table this season (eight - W2 D2 L1) than they did in the entirety of last season (five - W0 D5 L11).
Cucurella cuts out another throughball and drives into the space in midfield. He touches it into Gallagher before continuing his run to the far post, but Schar gets in front of him to intercept the return pass.
CHANCE! All of Chelsea's attacking play so far has come from their left, and Gallagher starts his run on the halfway line, surging into the box. Trippier makes the angle tight, and the midfielder fizzes a low shot across goal and wide.
Almiron gets the better of Cucurella with the overlapping run, but when he's closed down by Badiashile, he knocks it back to Trippier, who whips it in first time. Gordon and Isak are both in the box, but Silva meets it in the middle.
ISAK SCORES! Chelsea just didn't clear their lines properly and Gordon was able to keep it alive on the left. He works it along the edge of the box, with Joelinton teeing up Miley for a perfectly-timed throughball. Badiashile tried to drop off, but Isak was onside and made no mistake as he rifled his shot over Sanchez. 1-0 Newcastle!
It's a brilliant throughball from Miley as he gets it out of his feet quick enough to make sure that Isak is still onside.
Newcastle quickly win it back from the restart and win a free-kick that's lifted in by Trippier. It's only half-cleared once more, with Almiron picking Jackson's pocket before seeing his tame cross headed away.
Chelsea just can't get out at the moment as Trippier gets a second attempt to swing it in. Cucurella only clears as far as Miley but recovers quickly to step in front of Miley's shot from just inside the box.
It's better from Chelsea here as they enjoy a patient spell of possession. It's all in front of Newcastle, but after a frantic couple of minutes, the Blues are happy to just try and find their rhythm.
Joelinton goes down and isn't happy when he doesn't get a free-kick. The Brazilian and Gordon are both trying to make a case to the referee, but they're told to get on with the game.
Jackson wins the ball back on the halfway line and sets Sterling on the counter. He's racing into the box, and Trippier takes one for the team by pushing him over just outside the D. Trippier is booked for the challenge.
STERLING EQUALISES! It's a wonderful free-kick from Sterling, who steps up to take the set-piece he won just outside the D. He lifts his shot up and over the wall, and a static Pope can only watch as the ball nestles into the near top corner. 1-1!
Chelsea want to turn this game on its head as quickly as they can here as Sterling pushes forward down the left once more. He cuts inside before curling his effort on goal, but it's a comfortable save for Pope down the middle.
WHAT A CHANCE! Silva trips over the ball, giving away a needless corner to Newcastle. It's a superb cross from Trippier as it's whipped to Joelinton, who has a free header at the far post. He gets his angles all wrong though, thumping his header wide.
It's a brilliant tackle from Schar to stop Palmer in his tracks, and Newcastle are back on the attack. Almiron clips in a cross which is swiped at by Badiashile, and luckily for him, Joelinton can't control the ball when it bounces off him.
Almiron is starting to impose himself down the right, and he drives at Cucurella before dropping a shoulder to curl a cross into the far post. Isak is caught on his heels though and can't reach it.
GREAT SAVE! Chelsea work it wonderfully upfield from a goal-kick and it's swept out to James in space on the right. He plays a one-two with Palmer before teeing up Fernandez, but his first-time shot is tipped wide by Pope.
Newcastle are keeping Chelsea penned deep in their own half when they do have possession, but they can't get it into the final third at the moment. Almiron is hugging the sideline and Cucurella's tight marking is making it difficult to cross.
Again, Chelsea look to their left side to create something, and Palmer links up with Sterling before continuing the run. The return pass into the youngster is heavy though, and he can't keep it in play.
CHANCE! Newcastle get caught playing out from the back as Pope gifts it straight to Gallagher. He chests it down before dragging it away from Livramento. The shot lets him down though as he scuffs it wide of the near post. Relief for Newcastle!
Guimaraes gets across to the right to try and make something happen, and he floats a good cross into the far post. None of his team-mates gamble though, with James comfortably clearing his lines.
The momentum has just swung back in Chelsea's favour, with the Blues looking to take the lead before the break. Sterling gets the better of Trippier down the right once more but overhits the square cross to Fernandez.
Ugochukwu is scrambling to stop Gordon's run, and clips his heels to stop him. He's the first Chelsea player into the book.
OFF THE BAR! Trippier steps up to take the free-kick and whips a pacy shot over the wall. Sanchez is scrambling to the near top corner but can't get a touch as it smashes off the crossbar.
Joelinton wins the ball back on the halfway line, and the space opens up in front of him as he carries it forward. He decides to try his luck from a long way out, but his wild effort sails high into the stands.
Another free-kick for the hosts is floated in by Trippier and Schar is looking to attack it at the far post. Sanchez rushes off his line though and coolly plucks it out of the air.
Joelinton misses his first chance to cut off James' run and then drags him back with an arm around his neck. He can have no complaints with that booking.
HALF-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 1-1 CHELSEA.
It's all level at the break as Sterling cancels out Isak's opener to make it 1-1 between Newcastle and Chelsea. The Magpies actually scored with the first shot on target in the game after Chelsea failed to clear their lines, and Miley threaded it through for Isak to rifle home. Sterling equalised 10 minutes later with a wonderful free-kick just outside the D, curling it into the top corner. Pope denied Fernandez with his fingertips and Trippier also smacked the bar at the other end.
Both sides had good spells in the first half, and the managers will feel like the game is there for the taking. Newcastle started brightly before conceding their first home goal in five matches shortly after, but they still got into good positions, just needing to be more clinical. Chelsea responded well to a shaky defensive start, but like their opponents, they need to take their chances when they get them.
Newcastle get us back under way for the second half!
Lascelles sloppily gifts the ball to Sterling and then throws out an arm to block Jackson's run when it's played into him. Not even 15 seconds into the second half, and he's shown a yellow card.
The Chelsea free-kick is a similar distance out to the one Sterling scored in the first half, but slightly more to the left. James steps up this time, getting his shot over the wall, but it sails over the bar too.
Newcastle are starting to up the pressure here, and Chelsea just can't get out due to the hosts' physicality. It's switched out to Gordon on the left, and he manages to win a corner.
The Magpies win a series of corners here, and Trippier clipped the third one into the far post. Lascelles nods it down for Guimaraes, who winds up for a volley on the rebound, but his shot pinballs through the crowd to Sanchez.
Gallagher steps in to help Ugochukwu dispossess Miley and he touches it through to Jackson. He takes it around Schar, but then leaves the ball behind as he sets himself to take a shot.
Gallagher slides in to try and nick it off Guimaraes but takes out the man on his way through to the ball. He's shown a yellow card.
Trippier's delivery lets him down from this free-kick as it's cleared by Cucurella at the near post. The right-back races to close him down to try and fashion another chance, but he knocks it out of play with a heavy first touch.
Sterling's frustration gets the better of him as he just pushes Livramento off the ball. He goes into the referee's book.
LASCELLES SCORES! It's a wonderful cross from Gordon on the left which is whipped deep into the box and Lascelles has a free run straight through the middle of the box to get on the end of it. None of the Chelsea players spot him, and the defender thumps a header past Sanchez and into the back of the net. 2-1 Newcastle!
Newcastle brilliantly switched it from right to left, and Gordon was initially hugging the sideline before he cut inside, shaking off Palmer to curl in a lovely cross.
JOELINTON SCORES! And that's a moment to forget for Silva! It's knocked back to the defender, who sees Joelinton coming, but he's let down by his control. He shifts to his right, leaving the ball behind, and Joelinton is alert, racing onto it before firing a third goal past Sanchez. 3-1 Newcastle!
Pochettino won't be able to believe what happened in the last two minutes. After soaking up the pressure for so long, and finally cracking, they move it straight upfield from the restart. Gallagher is played in down the right, but he can't keep it in play.
The visitors are enjoying a good spell of possession here, but they just can't find a way through Newcastle. Chelsea are patiently working it upfield, but they have no space to work in the final third.
Palmer is caught on the ball this time, and Joelinton bursts forward, with Gordon making the overlapping run in support. The Brazilian slides it forward, but James races back to slide in just in time.
After conceding two quickfire goals, there's going to be a triple change for Chelsea as they try to get back into this game. Gallagher is the first to go off, with Mudryk on for him.
There's also a change up front as Broja is brought on to replace Jackson.
And Caicedo also comes on in place of Ugochukwu.
Newcastle are controlled in possession here, and Chelsea just can't get close to them at the moment. The hosts are happy to go back to Pope and start from the back as they try to draw the Blues out of their shape.
JAMES IS SENT OFF! It goes from bad to worse for Chelsea! Sanchez chips it out to the right-back, who tries to catch Gordon out with a clever bit of footwork, only to gift it to the winger. He has no choice but to tug him back to prevent him from getting into the box, and he's shown his second booking of the game. The Blues are down to 10!
With James being sent off, Pochettino is having to sacrifice one of his attacking players for another defender. It's Palmer going off, with Colwill coming on to slot in at the back.
GOOD SAVE! Cucurella only clears it as far as Schar on the edge of the centre circle and he drives through the middle, dropping a shoulder to lose Fernandez through the middle. The defender takes it to the edge of the box before taking aim, and Sanchez pushes it wide.
Cucurella is beaten by Livramento, and the Spaniard just sticks out a leg to trip him. The referee awards a free-kick and then books Cucurella for him complaints.
Guimaraes does well to hold off Sterling before teeing up Miley to put another good throughball into the box. He pulls it back to Almiron, but Colwill gets across in time to take it off his toe.
The yellow card is out again, this time for Colwill, who steps across Almiron, getting nowhere near the ball.
It's been a successful return to action for Isak after injury. He goes off now to be replaced by Ritchie.
GORDON SCORES! And that will do it for Newcastle! It's all about the pass between the lines from Almiron as he lifts it over Silva to play in Gordon, who curves his run around Badiashile to stay onside. He takes it into the box and gets his shot away early, drilling it low across goal and into the far bottom corner. 4-1 Newcastle!
Almiron cuts inside from the left once more and plays a wonderful pass in behind Chelsea, which he knew Gordon would have the pace to reach.
Chelsea try to have a quick response to this goal and it's played long for Broja to chase. Schar tracks back with him, just nudging the substitute out from under the flight of the ball, which allows Pope to collect.
With the points now all but secured, Howe can start to look ahead to the Champions League game in midweek with another double change. Lascelles is the first to go off, with Dummett on for him.
And Almiron is replaced by Murphy, who comes on to make his Premier League debut for Newcastle.
There's one final roll of the dice for Chelsea too as Madueke comes on for Sterling.
Trippier is still being afforded a lot of space down the right, but he can't pick out a team-mate. Newcastle quickly win it back, working it to Ritchie this time, but his pullback is hooked away by Silva.
Into five minutes of added time here, and Newcastle are aiming to see out this game. They're still dominating possession, and Chelsea just can't get out of their own half.
Ritchie clips Mudryk from behind as he tries to nick the ball off him before squaring up to the Ukrainian. The referee splits them up before showing the Newcastle man a yellow card.
And Diallo is brought on in place of Miley.
Newcastle are making another double change here. Gordon makes way for Ndiweni.
One last chance for Chelsea to get a consolation as Mudryk nicks it back and surges forward. He has no support with him, and he takes on too much in the end as he's crowded off it.
FULL-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 4-1 CHELSEA.
Newcastle get back to winning ways with a 4-1 victory over 10-man Chelsea. It was a fairly even first half, with Isak rifling home the opener 10 minutes before Sterling curled in a brilliant free-kick from just outside the D. Trippier also smacked the bar with a set-piece of his own. After the break, the Magpies were on top and scored twice in 90 seconds to stun Chelsea just after the hour mark. Lascelles thumped a free header past Sanchez before Silva sloppily lost the ball on the edge of his own box and Joelinton profited. James was sent off for his second booking in the 73rd minute, and Gordon wrapped up the points shortly after, picking out the bottom corner. It's a win that lifts Newcastle up to 6th in the table, just three points off the top four. Their attention now turns to a huge game away at Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League. Chelsea stay in 10th with that defeat and will be looking to bounce back against Brighton next weekend. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Nottingham Forest and Brighton.
Forest host the Seagulls as they look to continue their unbeaten start to the season at The City Ground (W2 D3). Despite their impressive home form, Steve Cooper’s side currently find themselves sitting in 15th place in the Premier League table, but they could go level on points with Chelsea in 10th if they secure the three points today. The Tricky Trees will be looking to bounce back after being defeated by West Ham United last time out before the international break.
Brighton have endured a disappointing run of form of late, failing to win in their last six games (D4 L2). The Seagulls are sat in eighth place in the table, but could leapfrog Manchester United in sixth if they win at The City Ground. The Seagulls drew at home to struggling Sheffield United in their last fixture, so Roberto De Zerbi will be desperate to see his side turn things around today. Brighton have scored and conceded in their last 16 Premier League games, so we could expect plenty of goals.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-1-4-1): Odysseas Vlachodimos; Harry Toffolo, Murillo, Moussa Niakhate, Ola Aina; Orel Mangala; Anthony Elanga, Nicolas Dominguez, Danilo, Morgan Gibbs-White; Chris Wood.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Matt Turner, Neco Williams, Cheikhou Kouyate, Callum Hudson-Odoi, Ryan Yates, Serge Aurier, Divock Origi, Gonzalo Montiel, Willy-Arnaud Boly.
BRIGHTON (4-2-3-1): Bart Verbruggen; Tariq Lamptey, Lewis Dunk, Jan Paul van Hecke, Joel Veltman; Billy Gilmour, Pascal Gross; Ansu Fati, Adam Lallana, Simon Adingra; Evan Ferguson.
BRIGHTON SUBS: Joao Pedro, Jakub Moder, Carlos Baleba, Jason Steele, Facundo Buonanotte, Jack Hinshelwood, Benicio Baker-Boaitey, Ben Jackson, Joshua Duffus.
Cooper has made two changes from the side who lost on the road against West Ham last time out. In midfield, Ibrahim Sangare makes way, with Danilo coming into the starting XI. There’s also a switch in attack, with Taiwo Awoniyi, who has been ruled out through injury, dropping out. Wood starts up top in his place.
Meanwhile, De Zerbi has made five alterations after a disappointing performance against Sheffield United. In goal, Steele makes way for Verbruggen. Mahmoud Dahoud misses the game through suspension, with Adam Webster, Igor, and Buonanotte also coming out of the side. Ferguson, Lamptey, Dunk, and Veltman all earn a place in the starting XI after missing out before the international break.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
The game is under way at The City Ground!
GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! 1-0 FOREST!! Gibbs-White burst down the right-hand side with Brighton failing to come out and press the attacking midfielder, and he stands up a cross towards the back post. Elanga arrives unmarked and powers his header beyond the goalkeeper. Cooper's side have an early lead!
Gibbs-White carried the ball down the right unchallenged and floated a delivery to the far post, before Elanga did the rest.
Danilo feeds the ball out wide to Elanga who cuts back onto his right and sends a cross into the penalty area. Van Hecke is there to cut out the danger and clear. Cooper's men are getting plenty of joy in the final third in the early proceedings, and Brighton will have to tighten up at the back to avoid conceding again.
Adingra drives through the middle of the pitch and sends the ball to Fati on the wing who looks to take on Niakhate. The Spanish winger cuts inside and unleashes an effort from range, but it deflects behind for a corner. Forest deal with the set-piece and are able to clear.
Brighton have enjoyed plenty of the ball since the game got under way, but have struggled to break Forest down so far. The Seagulls have had 64.8 per cent of the possession, but are yet to test Vlachodimos between the sticks.
Gross turns superbly in the middle and floats the ball into the box. After a scramble in the penalty area, Fati lays the ball to Gilmour on the edge of the area. The Brighton midfielder looks to strike one from range, but he gets it all wrong and the ball goes flying over the bar.
Veltman and Lallana work the ball well on the right before Adingra wins a corner for the Seagulls. Gross delivers it into the penalty area, but it's headed clear. De Zerbi's side are struggling to create anything of note in the opening stages of the game, with Forest staying resolute at the back.
Ferguson wins the ball in the middle and pokes a pass into the path of Lallana who closes in on the box. As the Brighton midfielder looks to shoot, Murillo makes a superb challenge to deny him. Lallana will feel he should have moved the ball quicker.
Adingra cuts in from the right and sends a pass into the box. Lallana dummies it and it falls to Ferguson with his back to goal, before he sets Gilmour up for a shot on the edge of the area. The Brighton midfielder looks to place his strike into the corner, but Vlachodimos gets down well to save.
Fati is down and he looks like he's struggling. The medical team are on the pitch and Brighton might have to consider making a change.
Fati can no longer continue as he hobbles off the pitch after his injury. Joao Pedro comes on in his place.
GOOOAAAALLL!!!! 1-1! Brighton equalise! Forest look to break as Danilo sends a ball towards Gibbs-White, but Gilmour intercepts. He passes it wide to Gross who fires it into the feet of Ferguson. The Republic of Ireland striker takes one touch before curling his strike beyond Vlachodimos and into the bottom corner. What a finish!
Gross trusted the control of Ferguson and drilled the ball into his feet, allowing him to take a touch before bending his strike beyond the goalkeeper.
Brighton are getting a little more joy now as Lamptey receives the ball out on the left and gets to the byline. The defender clips a cross towards the back post and Adingra looks to rise above his marker, but he times his jump poorly and the delivery evades everyone.
Chance for Forest! Murillo launches a long ball beyond the Brighton defence and Gibbs-White brings it under control superbly. The tricky midfielder dances past multiple challenges and looks to get a shot off, but it deflects behind for a corner.
Gross stands over a corner and sends it towards the front post. Wood is there to meet it and heads the ball away, but his clearance finds Gilmour on the edge of the box. The Brighton man attempts an ambitious effort on the volley, but it flies into the stands behind the goal.
Brighton have another potential injury issue as Lamptey drops to the floor. It looks as though he's not going to be able to continue.
Lamptey is the second Brighton player to suffer an injury in the first half. De Zerbi is forced into another change, with Hinshelwood entering the fray.
Gibbs-White has caused Brighton plenty of problems in the first half. The Forest midfielder nutmegs his marker before darting past Gilmour who clips his heels, and Cooper's side have a free-kick. Danilo works it short to Aina, but the Seagulls are equal to it and clear the danger.
A long, hopeful ball from Murillo finds Aina on the right-hand side and the Forest defender drives into the box. Aina drills his cross into the danger zone, but it's cleared behind for a corner. Cooper's side have looked to exploit Brighton's high line so far in this game.
Aina finds Gibbs-White with a clever pass beyond the defence, and the Forest midfielder floats a cross into the penalty area. Wood is there to meet it, but he can't generate enough power with his header and Verbruggen is able to gather comfortably.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of six minutes of added time at the end of the first half.
Brighton have grown into the game as we edge towards half-time. The Seagulls have managed seven shots to Forest's five, but De Zerbi will be hoping for more from his creative players in the second half.
GOOOAAALLL!!! 2-1 BRIGHTON!! Gross is fed the ball on the right-hand side and Forest fail to apply the pressure on him. His cross flies towards the back post and Joao Pedro rises above Aina, powering his header into the bottom corner, leaving Vlachodimos with no chance. The Seagulls have turned the game around!
Gross was given too much space out wide and was able to get the ball out of his feet before delivering into the box, finding the head of Joao Pedro in the penalty area.
HALF-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 1-2 BRIGHTON
Brighton go into the break with a 2-1 lead over Forest at The City Ground. Cooper’s side opened the scoring early on as Elanga scored a bullet header at the back post after some excellent work from Gibbs-White. The Seagulls then found an equaliser later in the half, with Ferguson curling his strike beyond the goalkeeper from inside the box. Just before half-time, De Zerbi’s men took the lead, with Joao Pedro heading home from Gross’ delivery.
Brighton have managed to score twice from just 0.58 expected goals (xG), with Forest staying resolute at the back for the most part. Cooper won't be too disappointed with how his side have played, but his defenders could have done better to prevent both strikes in the first half. If Forest are to get back into the game, Gibbs-White is likely to be the one to produce the goods. The midfielder provided an assist for Elanga while also creating three chances.
Lallana is taken off at half-time as Brighton make their third change of the game. Buonanotte is the player to come on in his place.
The second half is under way at The City Ground.
Brighton win a free-kick deep inside the Forest half as Murillo makes a strong challenge on Ferguson. Dunk is standing over it and it looks as though he's going to try and test the goalkeeper. He strikes it... but it flies over the bar.
Joao Pedro gives the ball away in a dangerous position and Mangala drives down the right-hand side, getting to the byline. The midfielder looks to send a cross into the box, but it's deflected behind for a corner. Toffolo delivers to the back post and finds Danilo, but he gets his shot all wrong and it goes behind.
Toffolo goes into the book for a dangerous challenge on Buonanotte and Brighton now have a free-kick.
PENALTY TO BRIGHTON!! Gilmour sends a cross towards the back post and Dunk heads it back across goal. Joao Pedro looks to get on the end of it, but Wood drags him to the floor and the referee points to the spot!
GOOAAAALLL!! 3-1 BRIGHTON!! Joao Pedro steps up to the plate and places his penalty into the bottom corner, sending Vlachodimos the wrong way. The Brazilian grabs his second goal of the game! Cooper’s side have it all to do in the second half.
Forest are applying the pressure as they look to get back into the game. Dominguez sends a looping cross towards the back post and Wood heads it back into the danger zone. Gibbs-White looks to strike it on the volley, but Dunk flings himself in front of it to make the block. Superb defending.
Wood hasn't had much joy in attack today, and he comes off with Origi replacing him up top.
Cooper makes an attacking change as Forest search for a goal. Hudson-Odoi comes on in place of Danilo.
Adingra goes into the book for Brighton after he tripped Elanga as Forest looked to break.
Gibbs-White picks up the ball outside of the penalty area from the resulting free-kick, cutting inside before unleashing a long-range effort towards goal. It deflects out for a corner and Gibbs-White is the man to deliver, but Brighton deal with it comfortably and are able to clear.
Cooper brings on some fresh legs in midfield, with Yates replacing Dominguez in the second half.
VAR are checking whether Forest should have had a penalty. Hinshelwood dragged Hudson-Odoi to the ground in the box, but the referee initially waved play on. He's now checking it at the monitor... PENALTY GIVEN!!
Dunk is given a yellow card for dissent after appealing against the penalty decision.
Dunk is given his marching orders! Seconds after Anthony Taylor gave him a yellow, the Brighton defender receives a red! Dunk must have said something that the referee wasn't happy with.
Ferguson also receives a yellow for dissent after appealing to the referee following the penalty.
Niakhate also goes into the referee's book for dissent.
GOOOOAAAALLL 3-2!! Forest pull one back! Gibbs-White dispatches his penalty into the bottom corner, sending Verbruggen the wrong way. There was plenty of pressure on the midfielder after a long delay. Cooper’s side are back in it!
Brighton bring on some fresh legs in the middle of the park, with Baleba replacing Gilmour.
Ferguson is replaced by Moder as De Zerbi makes another change.
It's backs against the wall for Brighton now as Forest look to find an equaliser with wave after wave of attacks. Elanga and Hudson-Odoi are causing plenty of problems with their pace out wide, and the Seagulls are struggling to get out of their half.
Verbruggen goes into the book for timewasting, with Brighton desperately trying to hold onto their lead.
Gross sends a corner into the box and van Hecke rises above the defender before powering a header towards goal. Unfortunately for Brighton, it's straight at the goalkeeper, who holds comfortably.
Big chance for Forest! Hudson-Odoi receives the ball out wide and stands up his marker. The Forest winger clips a cross into the box and Gibbs-White is in the penalty area unmarked, but he gets his header all wrong and it flies behind for a goal-kick. He will feel he should have at least hit the target from there!
Cooper rolls the dice late on, bringing on Williams in place of Aina.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of 10 minutes of added time at the end of the second half.
Buonanotte is the latest player to go into the referee's book in the final few minutes of the game.
Forest are applying plenty of pressure late on, pumping balls into the box, but Brighton have been able to deal with it. The City Ground supporters are urging their players on, but Cooper's men can't find a breakthrough. Just a few minutes left to find an equaliser!
Forest have a late corner and Gibbs-White sends a cross into the box, with Cooper's side flooding the penalty area with bodies. Once again, Brighton are able to clear the danger, with The City Ground growing increasingly frustrated.
What a chance for Forest! Hudson-Odoi clips a cross towards the back post and Elanga guides the ball into the box. Yates flings himself at it and powers a header towards the top corner, but Verbruggen makes a superb save to prevent a goal!
Yellow Card Pascal Groß
FULL-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 2-3 BRIGHTON
Brighton manage to hold on despite late pressure from Forest, winning 3-2 at The City Ground! Ferguson and Elanga’s first-half goals cancelled each other out, with the Seagulls going into the break with a 2-1 lead after substitute Joao Pedro fired home in the final few seconds of the half. The Brazilian then dispatched from the penalty spot to score Brighton’s third after half-time. Cooper’s side were awarded a penalty later in the second half, and Dunk was subsequently given his marching orders after a heated conversation with the referee. Forest couldn’t find an equaliser despite late pressure. De Zerbi’s side finally end their winless run and will face Chelsea next in the Premier League. Cooper’s side will look to bounce back next week as they host Everton. That’s all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Sheffield United and Bournemouth at Bramall Lane!
Sheffield United come into today's game sitting 18th in the Premier League table, but have picked up four points from their last two matches - as many as in their previous 12 top-flight fixtures combined. The rejuvenated Blades entered this month's international break with a win over Wolves and a 1-1 draw against Brighton; thanks to Everton's 10-point deduction, Paul Heckingbottom's side are now only one point adrift of Luton Town in 17th place.
Dominic Solanke's second-half brace helped Bournemouth topple Newcastle United last time out, and they sit four points clear of the Premier League relegation zone as a result. However, Andoni Iraola's men remain without a league win away from home this season, and they have already shipped 17 goals on the road. Furthermore, the Cherries have won just one of their last 11 league meetings with Sheffield United, losing on no less than eight occasions.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-4-2-1): Wes Foderingham; George Baldock, Jack Robinson, Auston Trusty; Jayden Bogle, Oliver Norwood, Vinicius, Luke Thomas; Gustavo Hamer, James McAtee; Cameron Archer.
SUBS: Adam Davies, Oliver McBurnie, Benie Traore, John Fleck, Max Lowe, Ben Osborn, William Osula, Anis Ben Slimane, Anel Ahmedhodzic.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Adam Smith, Marcos Senesi, Illia Zabarnyi, Lloyd Kelly; Lewis Cook, Ryan Christie; Justin Kluivert, Antoine Semenyo, Marcus Tavernier; Dominic Solanke.
SUBS: Mark Travers, Milos Kerkez, Philip Billing, Dango Ouattara, Joe Rothwell, Luis Sinisterra, David Brooks, Kieffer Moore, Chris Mepham.
Unchanged from the starting XI that lined up against Brighton earlier this month, Sheffield United aim to maintain momentum despite a two-week break between fixtures. The hiatus has helped both Anel Ahmedhodzic and Oli McBurnie, who are back on the bench following injury.
Bournemouth make just one change today, as a hamstring injury for Max Aarons sees Adam Smith come in at right-back. Billing returns after missing the win over Newcastle, but must make do with a place among the visitors' substitutes.
The players are out on the pitch at Bramall Lane, and kick-off is now just moments away!
The home side kick off, and we are under way in Sheffield!
Sheffield United have made the brighter start on home turf, threatening their visitors with Robinson's long throw-in towards the Bournemouth box, before a direct ball up from the back nearly releases Archer through the centre.
A run from out to in by Solanke causes a moment of concern in the Sheffield United area, but after a brief scramble just outside the six-yard box, the hosts manage to get the ball away to safety without conceding even a corner.
Bournemouth break down the right at pace, but Trusty slams the door shut with a timely intervention. Following their win just before the international break, the Cherries seem to have grown in confidence.
Sheffield United are having to soak up some pressure now, with Bournemouth bossing the ball. Under pressure, Semenyo manages to flick a header towards goal from the edge of the area, though it doesn't trouble Foderingham at all.
The away side have had a 73 per cent share of possession so far, and Sheffield United are chasing shadows at the moment - they've become very passive after a lively opening to the match.
BOURNEMOUTH LEAD! The Cherries strike first at Bramall Lane! Semenyo shifts direction out on the right flank, then drives inside and delivers a low throughball for Tavernier. The latter takes a touch to open up the angle, then shoots past Foderingham from 10 yards and into the far corner: 1-0!
Creating the opening goal out of almost nothing, Semenyo leaves his marker flat-footed on the right flank, then slips through a perfectly weighted pass for Tavernier to lash home.
The home fans are in uproar, as Sheffield United sit back again and Tavernier links up with Kluivert in the area. The goalscorer's prodded finish is comfortably saved in the end, though, and he seems to have sustained a knock in the process.
Having received medical attention on the pitch, Tavernier limps off towards the touchline as the action resumes. It looks as though he'll be fine to continue soon.
JUST WIDE! Out on the left, Tavernier steps over the ball, leaving it for Kluivert to shoot from just outside the area. The latter steadies himself, then lets fly with a low drive that skims the turf and ripples the side-netting! That was close to a second goal for Bournemouth, who are totally in control of this game!
Solanke now finds the side-netting of Foderingham's goal, after he volleys the ball from an acute angle near the left byline. After scoring twice last time out, the Bournemouth striker seems to be full of confidence today.
After failing to win a throw-in on the right touchline, Norwood makes his dissent clear to the referee in no uncertain terms, and that earns him a booking.
A brief spell of pinball just outside Bournemouth's box comes about after Sheffield United are drawn forward at last, but the Blades then have to chase back when the move breaks down and their visitors launch a quick - but ultimately unsuccessful - counter.
Solanke holds the ball up well, around 20 yards from goal, then rolls his marker and plays a pass into Kluivert on the left side of the area. However, the winger's strike lacks any power and trickles towards Foderingham, who collects the ball without trouble.
After Kelly steams up the left flank at pace, then fires a low cross towards the near post, only Robinson's quick reactions deny Solanke a clear shot at goal, forcing the striker's first-time attempt wide of the target.
Having elected to stay on his line, Foderingham eventually grabs the ball inside his six-yard box after a whipped corner from the right is flicked goalwards from near the penalty spot. Bournemouth are buzzing all over their hosts, and they've racked up eight attempts to Sheffield United's zero.
Sheffield United have not lost a league game to Bournemouth at Bramall Lane since 1987, but unless something changes dramatically in the final hour of this game, they are on course to suffer defeat today.
The home side have now managed to edge a few yards further up the pitch, forcing the action into midfield, rather than sitting back and defending Bournemouth's siege. They only trail by one, so remain very much in this contest.
Although Senesi seems to bundle Trusty to the turf inside Bournemouth's box, as the Cherries defend another long throw-in, the referee and the VAR both believe no offence was committed. Thomas then strikes the follow-up well wide.
Bogle and Hamer exchange passes on the right side of the area, but the latter's attempt to slip the ball through again is blocked out. Approaching half-time, Sheffield United are finally establishing a foothold in this game.
Some resilient defending keeps Solanke at bay just outside the Blades' box, then Smith fouls McAtee, relieving the pressure on the home side.
There's been no sign of fluency from Sheffield United's attack so far, and Heckingbottom is surely considering making changes during half-time. Archer has been isolated, with not even a sniff of a chance coming his way.
Alert to the danger, Cook charges down a 25-yard effort from Norwood, who decides to take a crack at goal due to the lack of movement ahead of him. We still await the hosts' first shot on target.
MISS! There will be at least three minutes of stoppage time at the end of this first half, and in the first, Tavernier spurns a chance to double Bournemouth's lead! He meets Semenyo's low cross from the left with a first-time strike near the penalty spot, but sends it spiralling over the crossbar!
BOURNEMOUTH STRIKE AGAIN! Just before the break, Foderingham errs badly, standing on the ball just outside his area. Kluivert spots the chance to steal possession, then looks up and steers his first-time shot into the net from an angle! What a gift from the Sheffield United goalkeeper!! It's 2-0 to the Cherries now, and that's no less than they deserve!
HALF-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-2 BOURNEMOUTH
Out-thought and outplayed, Sheffield United slump to a two-goal deficit at the interval, and Andoni Iraloa's bright Bournemouth side certainly merit their half-time advantage. Solanke and Semenyo have been too hot to handle for a passive home team, and the latter set up Tavernier's early opener; Kluivert then made the most of Foderingham's error to double the Cherries' lead just before the break. Only a radical switch of momentum can save Paul Heckingbottom's men from defeat now.
With his stoppage-time strike in the first half, Kluivert became only the third player ever to score in the Premier League, Serie A, La Liga, Ligue 1 and the Bundesliga. Having also netted for Ajax in the Eredivisie, that is quite an impressive haul for Bournemouth's Dutch winger.
Heckingbottom has reacted to his team's two-goal deficit by making a double substitution at half-time. First, Vinicius is replaced by McBurnie.
Ahmedhodzic also comes on for the second half, with Bogle making way.
Bournemouth make a switch at left-back: Kerkez replaces Kelly.
Seeking more of the same during the second half, Bournemouth kick off: we are back under way at Bramall Lane!
Continuing his fine form from the first half, Semenyo cuts inside from the right wing and sees his shot deflected wide for a corner-kick. Nothing comes of it, though.
Following a corner on the right, Bournemouth initially head the ball clear, then Sheffield United strike the referee when trying to load the ball back into the box. That's a drop-ball, which kills their momentum.
THE CHERRIES LEAD 3-0! Tavernier steals in at the back post, meeting Smith's cross from the right and steering the ball coolly past Foderingham from close range; surely blunting the Blades for good! Bournemouth lead by three at Bramall Lane, where boos ring out loudly from some sections of the home crowd!
Sending a cross from the right over to Tavernier at the back post, Smith sets up Bournemouth's third goal.
For dissent to the referee following Bournemouth's third goal of the game, Thomas joins his captain Norwood on a yellow card.
SAVE! Foderingham dives left to deny Semenyo, who thunders forward down the right before lashing a shot towards the bottom corner! Then, Solanke steers the follow-up into the side-netting!
Following an almighty scramble in Bournemouth's box, including attempted volleys from both McBurnie and McAtee, the assistant's flag belatedly goes up to indicate offside. Still no shots on target for Sheffield United.
Having taken total control by going three goals clear, Bournemouth have since dropped the pace just a little, allowing Sheffield United to creep back into the game - at least in terms of possession.
Baldock breaks through on the right, then cuts the ball back for McBurnie. Taken from near the penalty spot, the striker's shot hits a defender, then McAteer fires well over on the rebound.
CLOSE! Semenyo is heavily involved again, as his ball into the area is deflected into Kluivert's path. A low drive from the latter is kept out by Foderingham's save, and the goalkeeper eventually clears his lines!
GOOD SAVE! Kluivert drives into space, with Sheffield United's back line looking ever more bedraggled, then Tavernier slips in Christie, who turns neatly and tests Foderingham at his near post! It's a sharp stop from the Blades' last line of defence!
Once again, Baldock arrives high up on the right flank, but after he lays the ball off for McAtee, the Manchester City loanee overhits his cross to the back post and Sheffield United's attack falters.
With the points surely secured, Bournemouth make a double substitution. First, the impressive Semenyo is replaced by Sinisterra.
Just back from injury, Billing is also introduced; Kluivert is withdrawn.
The hosts make a change, too: Thomas makes way for Osborn.
Just off the bench, Billing takes the ball on his chest inside the area, but his volleyed attempt is then sent wide of the left-hand post. It looks like Foderingham had it covered in any case.
Following a flare-up of tempers, several players incur the wrath of the referee. First, Baldock goes into the book.
Robinson receives a yellow card for his part in the melee.
Billing's booking comes for dragging back McBurnie.
RED CARD FOR BILLING? The VAR has been assessing Billing's contact on McBurnie, for which the Bournemouth substitute has just been yellow-carded. On closer inspection, it seems he grabbed the Blades striker by the neck - could it be upgraded to red!?
NO RED CARD! Billing survives a scare, as the VAR decides the referee's on-field decision was correct - it remains just a yellow card for the midfielder. Bournemouth still have all 11 men!
Sinisterra weaves in and out with a mazy dribble, then tries his luck from the right side of the box. He drags his shot wide, though, and Bournemouth fail to score a deserved fourth goal.
Two Sheffield United coaches have been booked on the touchline now, as frustrations boil over. Their team have simply not showed up today.
SAVE! Invited to stride forward, Tavernier ultimately reaches the edge of the area, then sends in a swerving left-footed shot, seeking his hat-trick goal. Foderingham is still on his toes, though, and makes a smart save in the bottom-left corner!
Making his final changes, Heckingbottom introduces Osula for McAtee, who has failed to live up to his promise today.
Hamer trudges off, with Fleck sent on to replace him.
A warm round of applause greets ex-Sheffield United star Brooks, who trots on as Tavernier's replacement. There's to be no hat-trick for the latter, who has been a real livewire today.
Zabarnyi intervenes with a brilliant last-ditch block to deny Osula a clean strike at goal inside Bournemouth's box. From the resulting corner, McBurnie directs his header off-target by some distance.
The crowd at Bramall Lane is thinning out now, as the home side slide towards an inevitable defeat. It's been grim fare for the Blades supporters, who are renowned for their loyalty through thick and thin.
Sinisterra darts to the near post, meeting a corner-kick from the left; however, his flicked header loops up onto the top of Foderingham's net.
SUPER STOP! Bournemouth's skipper keeps his sheet clean! Neto flings himself across to get a strong hand on Osula's powerful near-post drive, conceding only a corner-kick! That's great goalkeeping, considering his lack of action today.
There will be at least seven minutes of stoppage time at the end of this second half, but precious few home fans will remain to see them. Those that are still present defiantly boo the officials' announcement.
JUST WIDE! Driving forward from left-back, Kerkez reaches the edge of the area and zips a low shot across the face of goal, narrowly missing the right-hand post! He could have picked out a team-mate instead, but that was pretty close to adding Bournemouth's fourth goal.
After a corner is slung over from the left, Billing's nod-down fails to find a colleague in the area, then McBurnie hammers the ball clear at his second attempt.
THE BLADES BAG A CONSOLATION! Rising highest at the back post, McBurnie leaps to plant a header past Neto, converting Baldock's looping cross from the right flank! That pulls one back for Sheffield United, but they are still destined for a 3-1 home defeat!
Having posed more of a threat since half-time, Baldock records an assist by curling a cross from the right towards McBurnie, who heads home from close range.
FULL-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 1-3 BOURNEMOUTH
Somewhat fortunate to lose by only two goals, Sheffield United succumb to their 10th Premier League loss of the season, as Bournemouth's bright performance earns them three valuable points. Tavernier struck either side of the break, while Semenyo and Solanke also caused plenty of problems for the home side's disjointed defence; Kluivert also scored for the Cherries, and McBurnie headed home a consolation goal late on. There's no doubt that Andoni Iraola's men are now finding their rhythm after a slow start to the campaign, but on today's evidence, their hosts are in serious trouble: they've yet to keep a clean sheet this season. Sheffield United now face a crucial clash with fellow strugglers Burnley in seven days time; following their first away win of the season, Bournemouth host Aston Villa next weekend. That's all from Bramall Lane today, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League fixture, as Tottenham host Aston Villa at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
Spurs’ high-flying, unbeaten start to the season has come crashing down in recent weeks, losing back-to-back to Chelsea and Wolves prior to the international break. Ange Postecoglou’s side remain fourth in the table though, and could climb to second and close the gap on leaders Arsenal to just a point if they win here.
Unai Emery’s resurgent Villans will be no pushovers though, sitting just a point and a place behind Spurs coming into this one. Villa responded to a shock 2-0 loss at Nottingham Forest with a 3-1 victory over Fulham last time out, and three points in north London would take them level on points with third-placed Liverpool.
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Emerson Royal, Ben Davies, Destiny Udogie; Rodrigo Bentancur, Giovani Lo Celso; Bryan Gil, Dejan Kulusevski, Brennan Johnson; Son Heung-Min.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Fraser Forster, Brandon Austin, Oliver Skipp, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Eric Dier, Alejo Veliz, Jamie Donley, Alfie Dorrington.
ASTON VILLA (4-3-3): Emiliano Martinez; Ezri Konsa, Diego Carlos, Pau Torres, Lucas Digne; Matty Cash, Boubacar Kamara, Douglas Luiz, John McGinn; Moussa Diaby, Ollie Watkins.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Robin Olsen, Youri Tielemans, Alex Moreno, Clement Lenglet, Jhon Duran, Leon Bailey, Leander Dendoncker, Jacob Ramsey, Tim Iroegbunam.
It’s a Tottenham side that’s been ravaged by injuries, with a defence made up entirely of full-backs and a frontline featuring four wingers. Spurs have made four changes from their 2-1 loss at Wolves last time out, with Bentancur, Lo Celso and Bryan Gil coming in alongside the returning Udogie. Yves Bissouma and Pape Sarr are both absent through suspension and injury respectively, while Royal and Davies move into centre-back roles.
Defender Diego Carlos is the only incoming player for Villa, replacing Tielemans following the 3-1 win over Fulham. That change sees Konsa move to right-back, and Cash pushing forward into a wide midfield role, with captain McGinn occupying the opposite flank.
The teams head out onto the pitch at a packed-out Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, and we'll be ready for kick-off in just a matter of moments.
After a minute's applause to reflect on the life of former Tottenham and England manager Terry Venables, who passed away yesterday, Diaby gets the game underway for Aston Villa.
McGinn beats Porro down the left and fires in a deflected cross from the byline, which Cash can't quite get onto the end of as Spurs survive an early scare!
Spurs have lost two of their last three home league games against Villa, losing 2-0 loss in this fixture last season. They’ve not lost consecutive home games against the Villans since August 1995.
OVER!!! Udogie races in behind the defence to get on the end of a long ball forward from Porro, but can't keep his composure in the box and skies his shot with Martinez stranded!
OFF THE POST!!! Another early opening for Spurs! Kulusevski ghosts past Torres to latch onto Son's smart throughball and steps away from Diego Carlos before shooting. Martinez is beaten, but the ball rattles back off the far post, and Son's rebound on the angle is blocked and eventually collected by the 'keeper with Villa at sixes and sevens!
WIDE!! Villa win a free-kick on the left wing and Digne delivers a pinpoint cross into the box. Torres rises to meet the ball in the centre, but his cushioned header back across the face of goal drifts beyond the post!
Udogie turns brilliantly to create shooting space in the box off Lo Celso's pass, but he chooses to pass rather than pull the trigger and it's intercepted by Diego Carlos for Villa!
SAVED!!! Martinez to the rescue for Villa! A delightful flick from Kulusevski puts Gil through on goal, but his well-hit shot is parried by a diving Martinez! Porro follows in with a close-range header but can only send it over the bar as Villa continue to hang on here!
Having made a 10-game unbeaten start in the Premier League this season, Spurs have lost their last two matches. They’ve opened the scoring in both of these defeats, with only four teams ever losing three consecutive Premier League games after scoring first – Blackburn Rovers in April 2007, Sunderland in February 2011, Wolves in April 2012 and Leicester City in December 2014.
McGinn slides a throughball into Watkins' path which is swung at and missed by Ederson, but Vicario's off his line to claim the ball before the England striker can get there.
McGinn loses the ball deep in his own half and Kulusevski seizes it to find Johnson in the box, but the Welshman's cut-back is intercepted and cleared by Konsa!
OVER!!! What a miss! Porro's low throughball sends Johnson racing in behind the Villa defence and into open pasture. He squares for the unmarked Son in the box, but it's slightly behind the Spurs captain and he puts a first-time effort over the bar from right in front! The offside flag is raised to call back Johnson, but you'd hope a striker of Son's quality would be finishing chances like that regardless!
OFFSIDE!!! Lovely one-touch play from Spurs sees Son and Bentancur combine for the latter to send Kulusevski through on goal, but Martinez closes the gap brilliantly to make the save, just as the offside flag is raised against the Swedish forward!
Kamara is the next Villa midfielder to be dispossessed in his own defensive third as Son steals away with the ball and finds Gil, but his low cross is scythed clear by Diego Carlos!
Relentless Spurs pressing sees both Martinez and Diego Carlos back into a corner, but they're able to pass their way out of danger as the hosts continue to turn the screw!
CHANCE!!! Bentancur's floated pass over the top finds Johnson running in behind, but his ball across the face to Lo Celso is again intercepted and thumped clear by Villa's Diego Carlos!
Gil escapes down the left-hand side and whips a fantastic cross into the box. Son is just centimetres away from heading it in, but the bouncing ball is put behind for a corner by Digne as Villa try to withstand wave after wave of Tottenham pressure!
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Spurs take a deserved lead!!! A second successive corner is swung into the box by Porro, but this time no-one can get their head to it. The ball bounces kindly for Lo Celso on the edge of the box, who arrows a superb half-volley into the back of the net!! There's a slight nick off Diego Carlos on the way through, but it was still one hell of a strike to put the hosts 1-0 up!
Porro's first corner to the front post was easily enough dealt with, but Villa had no answers to his second, leaving Lo Celso unmarked on the edge of the box for the Argentine to rifle home a superb finish.
BALL IN THE NET!!! What a response this might just be from the Villans! Straight from kick-off, the visitors come down the left and Digne fires a teasing cross into the area. Watkins arrives early and glances a header goalwards, which bounces down, past Vicario, and into the back of the net! Just three touches after the goal Villa appear to have equalised, but the referee's been instructed to have another look after initially giving the goal.
DENIED!!! There are mere inches in this one, but after a lengthy, lengthy look at it, the VAR officials decide that Watkins was a fraction beyond the last man Emerson when Digne swung that ball into the box, and so Villa's immediate response is chalked off!
Cash slides in wildly on Bentancur and cuts down the Uruguayan well after he's released the ball, and picks up the most textbook yellow card you'll ever see!
A goal, a disallowed goal, and a nasty challenge well worthy of the yellow card it produced, but play is finally flowing freely again after what's been a frankly crazy last few minutes!
Lo Celso, making his first Spurs start since October 2021, has scored just his second Premier League goal for Tottenham, with his first coming on 21st November 2020, three years and five days ago.
Bentancur was down receiving treatment following that rash challenge from Cash, and sadly won't be able to continue. Spurs' injury woes just won't let up at the moment, as Hojbjerg replaces Bentancur in their midfield.
Since a 2-1 win over Brighton in November 2022, Villa haven't won a Premier League game away from home after conceding first.
WIDE!!! Johnson and Kulusevski play a one-two down the right, and a chance opens up for the latter to shoot inside the box. He does so, curling a powerful effort beyond the dive of Martinez, but also beyond the far post as the ball whistles past it!
CHANCE!! Spurs pinch possession in Villa's half once more and Johnson races forward with the ball at his feet. He has Kulusevski and Son arriving in the box, but a timely intervention from Konsa sees the ball deflect back into Martinez's gloves!
Kamara clips Lo Celso late as the goalscorer looks to turn and advance out of trouble, and the Villa midfielder picks up his side's second yellow card of the half.
Porro wins the ball well in midfield and spreads play wide to Johnson. He burns past Digne down the right-hand side and cuts the ball back into the middle, but Gil refrains from shooting and is easily dispossessed!
Another late challenge from Cash, this time on Udogie, earns Spurs a free-kick and the Villa number two gets an absolute hammering from the home crowd. Captain McGinn pleads his team-mate's case to the referee, but the official isn't happy with him either and books the Scottish midfielder.
Gil latches onto Udogie's pass down the line and pulls it back into the middle, but Konsa makes the block which sends the ball into the gloves of Martinez.
BALL IN THE NET!!! The flag denies Spurs a second!! Rapid-fire counter-attacking play culminates in Hojbjerg putting Son clean through on goal, and the captain sets himself before stroking a masterful finish into the far corner! The linesman doesn't raise it straight away, but a few seconds late the flag is up to correctly call Son offside!
We'll play SIX added minutes to close out a first half that's been high on chances, drama and controversy!
CHANCE!!! A Villa free-kick routine breaks down, but Kamara keeps the ball alive by lunging in to win it and find Diaby. Porro has stayed down from the challenge as the visitors continue playing, but Diego Carlos can't make the most of his first-time shot and drags it wide!
Porro is finally back to his feet following that collision with Kamara, and fortunately will be able to continue as half-time looms.
CHANCE!!! Porro is dispossessed in his own half but gets back in cover to repel the Villa attack. Back the visitors come though, as Digne hangs up a cross from the byline and Watkins goes up for it, knocking the ball down to Diaby whose scuffed shot is collected by Vicario!
Gil's long back-pass to his goalkeeper is chased down hard by Watkins, who is a fraction away from getting to the ball which Vicario thumps clear!
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! There's no denying that one - Villa are level!!! Winning a free-kick on the right-hand touchline, Douglas Luiz swings the ball into the box. Torres escapes his marker Davies to get to the ball first, and nods a simple header into the top-right corner! There's a quick VAR check to put that crushing doubt back into the minds of their fans, but this time it does stand and we're locked up at 1-1!
A cross right on the money from Douglas Luiz, who put in a ball that was just asking to be headed into the back of the Spurs net.
At 51 minutes and 24 seconds, Torres' goal is the latest first-half goal scored in the Premier League since Jorginho against Everton in August 2022 (53:25).
HALF-TIME: TOTTENHAM 1-1 ASTON VILLA.
Well, what about that for a first half of Premier League football? This game has had absolutely everything so far, with Spurs racing out of the traps like a team possessed. A flurry of early chances came and went for Udogie, Kulusevski, Gil, Son and Porro, before a corner from the latter fell for Lo Celso. The midfielder struck home a deflected half-volley, but the celebrations hadn't even died down before Villa went straight up the other end and scored what looked like the equaliser. A lengthy VAR check ruled Watkins' deft header to have come from an offside position, and the visitors were back to chasing the game, although Spurs continued to have chances of their own through Kulusevski before Son was too denied by the flag after putting the ball in the net. A late free-kick would prove to be Villa's trump card though, as defender Torres' bullet header found the top corner - and this time, crucially, stood. It's been played at breakneck speed so far with goals, disallowed goals, chances and challenges aplenty all over the pitch, and we're in for another treat if the second half is anywhere near as frenetic.
In the ascendancy for much of that first half, Spurs find themselves level despite a plethora of scoring chances. Kulusevski has led the charge, striking the post with an early attempt and having another off-target, as well as creating a big chance for Gil. The Spaniard forced a save from Martinez, while also completing a whopping 13 final-third passes and completing two of his three dribbles as Spurs tore through Villa's defence at times. Can they find even more of those gaps as the second half progresses?
Villa make two half-time changes, the first of which is certainly an understandable one. Cash was walking a thin tightrope following his yellow card for the challenge that forced Bentancur off injured, and he's replaced at the break by Leon Bailey.
Diaby also comes off at the halfway stage, with Youri Tielemans introduced the slot in behind Watkins up front.
Son gets the game back underway for Spurs, who will be looking to make another fast start in this second half.
Johnson passes a cross-field ball back inside to Porro, but he's felled on the edge of the box by Douglas Luiz as Spurs win a free-kick right on the edge of Villa's box.
BLOCKED!!! Porro's delivery is punched clear by Martinez, but the ball falls kindly to Lo Celso once again. He drills another low half-volley towards goal, but Diego Carlos gets in the way to block his effort behind for a corner!
OVER!!! Spurs' initial corner is deflected wide before being put behind by Watkins for a second, and Porro again plays it short to Kulusevski. He crosses for Son at the near post, but the South Korean can't keep his header down and sends the ball looping over the top.
CHANCE!! Johnson's low cross from the right rolls all the way through to Gil on the opposite side of the box, who steps beyond Konsa but fires the return ball straight into the side netting!
SAVED!!! So close for Villa!!! They break at speed as McGinn fires a cross-field ball to Bailey down the right flank. He steams into the box and cuts back onto his left foot before firing the ball goalwards, but Vicario stretches, gets down to the ball, pushes it onto the post and regathers!
CHANCE!!! Spurs go equally close to getting their second! A Villa corner is cleared and the hosts race clear on the counter, with Kulusevski carrying at speed over halfway. He links up with the supporting Son in the box before playing the ball across the face towards Johnson, who is inches away from tapping the ball in at the far post as the chance goes begging!
SAVED!!! Diego Carlos makes a brilliant intervention to take the ball away from Son as he bears down on goal, but Spurs are still in the hunt as Lo Celso tees up the striker. He turns and drags a shot towards the far corner, but Martinez gets down well and makes a confident save!
McGinn burns past two chasing midfielders and puts Watkins through on goal, but the striker stumbles before he can shoot and Spurs get back in numbers to recover possession!
BALL IN THE NET!!! Another Son finish, another flag raised!!! It's glorious play from Spurs as Kulusevski, Porro, Hojbjerg and Johnson all combine, with the latter squaring for Son, who taps home unopposed at the far post! Both he and Johnson are miles off though, and there's not even a question to be asked over whether that should've stood.
A long ball over the top from Diego Carlos has several claret shirts chasing after it, but Vicario comes a mile out of his box to clear with a diving header! McGinn follows in with a looping volley, which sails over the empty net and behind!
GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Lovely play from Villa, and they take the lead in north London!!! Watkins plays a one-two with Tielemans on the edge of the box, collecting the return ball and slotting it into the bottom corner with a composed finish! From 1-0 down, Villa have turned things around here, and lead 2-1 thanks to Watkins' first (legal) goal of the game!
The presence of Tielemans drew Spurs defenders to him, with Watkins' surging run into the box going untracked, with a composed finish to match.
Only Erling Haaland (18) has scored more goals among Premier League players in all competitions this season than Watkins' 12.
Spurs look to open Villa up from the kick-off and Son escapes into space down the left, but his low cross for Johnson is intercepted and dealt with by Diego Carlos.
Kulusevski cuts inside McGinn looking for space to shoot once more, but Digne arrives with a challenge that takes the ball away from the winger's feet.
SAVED!!! Johnson's low ball in from the left is flicked up in the box by Son, and Porro connects with a looping volley that Martinez pushes around the post!
CLOSE! Davies rises highest to get up well and meet the corner from the left, but his header whistles just over the crossbar as Spurs go mightily close to levelling!
CHANCE!!! Watkins is about to latch onto another throughball which splits the Spurs defence down the middle, but Vicario's well out of his box again to slide in and scythe it away.
SAVED!! Digne steps up to hit a Villa free-kick on the edge of the box, and his curling effort is goalbound before Vicario dives across at full stretch to parry it wide!
Oliver Skipp comes on for Spurs, replacing Gil in a change that Postecoglou will hope can bolster their midfield somewhat.
BLOCKED!!! Tielemans finds Watkins making another dangerous run into the area, but after cutting back onto his left foot, the striker's effort is blocked away by Emerson from close range!
SAVED!!! A double stop to keep Villa in the lead!! Son cuts inside from the left and somehow finds Johnson in a crowded Villa box. He goes one-on-one with Martinez, but the goalkeeper makes a good stop from close range, and reacts quickly enough to push Hojbjerg's subsequent effort around the far post!
SAVED!!! Martinez is called into action again!!! Spurs break down the right and Kulusevski holds off the attention of two defenders to get a shot away on the angle, but the off-balance effort is straight at Martinez and the Villa 'keeper gratefully gathers it!
The hosts continue to crank up the pressure as Udogie crosses in from the left, but Torres is one of the calmer heads inside this stadium and nonchalantly chests the ball back to his goalkeeper.
Villa have won six of their last eight Premier League games. In fact, since the end of this season’s first international break (16th September onwards), Villa have won more games (six) and picked up more points (19) than any other side in the division. Form.
A Bailey shot at one end is blocked, and Spurs are back up at the other within seconds. Johnson carries down the left before cutting inside and taking on Konsa, but he's forced wide by the defender and blazes an ambitious shot behind for a goal-kick.
SAVED!!! Douglas Luiz drives forward before laying the ball off to Kamara, whose first-time effort from the edge of the box is well parried by Vicario! McGinn follows in and cross to the far post, where Watkins gets his head to the ball but nods wide from right in front!
Watkins is demanding a corner following that header wide, but isn't getting it, although his continued protests do earn him a yellow card instead.
Two Tottenham corners come to nothing, but they continue to press forward and Kulusevski slips Skipp in behind the defence. He hangs up a high cross from the byline, but it's over the heads of everyone and Johnson collects on the far side.
BALL IN THE NET!! That's a hat-trick of no-goals for Son! Kulusevski's lay-off is drilled goalwards by Porro, but the ball cannons back off the post and straight into the path of Son! He taps the ball into an empty net, but does so from an offside position and is denied the equaliser!
Alejo Veliz enters the fray late for Spurs, replacing his countryman Lo Celso in the hosts' final throw of the dice.
Forward come Spurs once again with Villa sitting deeper and deeper, Emerson, Skipp and Hojbjerg are all encouraged to shoot by the crowd, but neither can get an effort away and the visitors will look to break from here!
Villa's counter-attack leaves Spurs stretched, but they're in no hurry to surrender the ball as Watkins, Douglas Luiz and Bailey all feign shooting before the latter is caught offside.
A foul on Kulusevski from Douglas Luiz gifts Spurs a free-kick on the edge of Villa's box, but Porro's ball into the area is overhit and swings away disappointingly for a goal-kick.
We're into another six added minutes at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium - will that be enough time for the hosts to rescue this game late on?
Watkins' potential winner is the difference as the added time ticks down, and he comes off in the final stages for Colombia forward Jhon Duran.
Villa make another pair of changes as they look to see out this results, with captain McGinn withdrawn in midfield for Jacob Ramsey to come on.
Watkins has either scored (four) or assisted (one) in four Premier League appearances at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
WIDE!!! Johnson wins a corner and takes it just as quickly, with his delivery flicked on by Emerson at the near post. Son arrives at the back, but can't get there in time to stab the ball home!
Martinez picks himself up after being caught at a corner to launch a long ball forward, and it's kept well by Villa. Bailey's downward header is lashed towards goal by Duran, but it's dragged a mile off target as the referee has another look at his watch...
FULL-TIME: TOTTENHAM 1-2 ASTON VILLA.
Villa complete a sensational turnaround to take all three points from the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, condemning their hosts to a third straight defeat in the process! Spurs made another fast start in the second half, with Lo Celso, Gil, Johnson and Son all going close within 15 minutes of the resumption, the latter denied by the offside flag after scoring. Villa were spurred on by their late first-half equaliser though, and struck home the winner just two minutes after Son's disallowed goal. Tielemans put the ball on a plate for Watkins, and the in-form England striker found the far corner with aplomb. From there, Spurs continued to pile on the pressure through efforts from Porro, Johnson, Hojbjerg and Kulusevski denied by sensational goalkeeping from Martinez. Villa had chances of their own to extend their advantage late in the game, as Vicario made saves from Digne and Kamara. Son completed a treble of no-goals after tapping in Porro's rebound off the post, but Spurs couldn't find that all-important equaliser as eight minutes of injury time drew to a halt. An absolute spectacle of a game ends with Villa victorious, leapfrogging Spurs in the table and climbing to fourth. A third loss on the bounce for Ange Postecoglou's side, who were frankly superb and could easily have won it on a different day.
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League fixture from the Emirates Stadium, as leaders Arsenal welcome Wolves to north London!
With Manchester City not in action until Sunday, Arsenal have a chance to end Saturday four points clear at the summit as they bid to improve on last season's second-place finish! That will give huge motivation to Mikel Arteta's team, who had to dig deep last week for a 1-0 win at Brentford. They then warmed up for this contest in brilliant fashion in midweek, hammering Lens 6-0 in the UEFA Champions League after racing into a five-goal lead by half-time – a similar performance here would certainly be welcomed by the Gunners' fans!
It was a familiar story for Wolves and Gary O'Neil on Monday, as they were beaten by a stoppage-time penalty on a second successive Premier League road trip, going down 3-2 to Fulham. Marco Silva's team were awarded two questionable penalties and were perhaps fortunate to keep 11 men on the pitch in that game, leading O'Neil to say he had "finally turned against" the use of VAR in his post-match interview. He'll be hoping there is no controversy awaiting Wolves here, but they face a daunting task, taking on the leaders without suspended midfield duo Mario Lemina and Joao Gomes.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Takehiro Tomiyasu, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Leandro Trossard; Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Jesus, Gabriel Martinelli.
ARSENAL SUBS: Aaron Ramsdale, Ben White, Eddie Nketiah, Jakub Kiwior, Cedric Soares, Jorginho, Reiss Nelson, Mohamed Elneny, Kai Havertz.
WOLVES (3-4-3): Jose Sa; Maximilian Kilman, Craig Dawson, Toti Gomes; Nelson Semedo, Boubacar Traore, Tommy Doyle, Hugo Bueno; Jean-Ricner Bellegarde, Matheus Cunha, Hwang Hee-chan.
WOLVES SUBS: Matt Doherty, Santiago Bueno, Fabio Silva, Sasa Kalajdzic, Pablo Sarabia, Dan Bentley, Tawanda Chirewa, Matthew Whittingham, Justin Hubner.
Arteta makes just one change to the Arsenal team which hammered Lens on Wednesday. Havertz – who opened the scoring in that game after netting a late winner at Brentford last Saturday – drops to the bench as Trossard comes in. Fabio Vieira, Thomas Partey, Emile Smith Rowe and Jurrien Timber are the Gunners' only absentees for this one.
O'Neil, meanwhile, makes four changes to the Wolves side which started at Craven Cottage. Three are enforced with Rayan Ait-Nouri injured and both Gomes and Lemina serving one-match bans after accumulating five yellow cards, so Hugo Bueno, Traore and Doyle come in. Dawson is back from his own suspension in defence, replacing Santiago Bueno, but winger Pedro Neto is still sidelined. Chirewa, Whittingham and Hubner take their places on a young visiting bench.
Arsenal have won their last four Premier League games against Wolves, having won just two of their previous eight against them (three draws, three defeats). Does another difficult outing await Wolves at the Emirates? The teams are out on the pitch, and kick-off is coming up shortly!
We are under way on a bitterly cold day in north London, with Trossard getting the ball rolling for the Gunners!
It will be fascinating to see how Wolves go about keeping Arsenal at bay without their first-choice midfield pairing here. With Gomes and Lemina banned, Traore and Doyle have a huge chance to impress in the centre of the park. The former tries to break through the middle immediately, but he runs into traffic around halfway.
Arsenal are looking to settle into their rhythm, keeping possession patiently in midfield. It looks like a 5-3-2 for Wolves without the ball, with Bellegarde dropping in as a third midfielder. Odegaard looks for the run of Jesus, but his pass is overhit and goes out for a goal-kick.
Wolves now look to build down their right as Semedo offloads to Hwang, but the South Korean's heavy touch goes all the way behind for an Arsenal goal-kick.
Only Liverpool's Mohamed Salah (11) has scored or assisted a goal in more different Premier League games than Hwang (nine) this season. Hwang hasn't scored or assisted more than once in any game so far, with no player having more goal involvements without doing so more than once in a game (nine, the same as Arsenal's Saka).
GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLL! SAKA PUTS ARSENAL AHEAD! It's so easy for the Gunners as Saka works the ball inside to Jesus, who swiftly offloads to Tomiyasu. He slips a pass into the feet of Saka as Dawson mistimes his challenge eight yards out, allowing Saka to sweep a low finish past Sa and into the bottom-left corner. 1-0!
Tomiyasu gets the assist, slipping a pass into Saka, who evaded Dawson's tackle before tucking his finish home!
There was a very brief VAR check on the goal, possibly for offside against Saka at the start of the move, but it's swiftly waved away. The Gunners take an early lead!
After that goal, Wolves have still never kept a clean sheet in 19 Premier League games against Arsenal. In Premier League history, only West Bromwich Albion have faced an opponent more without ever recording a shutout (26, also against Arsenal).
Wolves are really struggling to get out here. Saka looks for a give-and-go with Odegaard as he breaks in behind Toti, but the Norwegian's return pass is too heavy and it runs behind.
O'Neil's last trip to this stadium saw his Bournemouth team race into a surprise 2-0 lead – their first goal coming almost directly from kick-off – before squandering that advantage in a 3-2 defeat last season. It's safe to say his new club have had a much more difficult start to this match.
GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLL! ODEGAARD MAKES IT TWO! Wolves can't get near Arsenal as they pop the ball about brilliantly inside their opponents' half. Zinchenko cushions a lay-off into Jesus before racing onto the return ball to cut it back for Odegaard. The Gunners skipper is completely free near the penalty spot and he makes no mistake, whipping his finish into the bottom-right corner. 2-0!
It's a great team move which unlocks the Wolves defence, and Zinchenko gets the assist, playing a lovely one-two with Jesus before picking out the unmarked Odegaard.
Arsenal could hardly have asked for a better start to this game, with O'Neil's patched-up visitors 2-0 down and chasing shadows. Barring a remarkable collapse, the Gunners are going four points clear at the summit.
Arsenal are knocking the ball around with so much confidence here, picking up where they left off against Lens. Odegaard is dropping deep in front of Gabriel and Saliba to dictate the play.
Jesus breaks into the right-hand channel and looks to take on Toti, who stands his ground and wins the ball cleanly on the byline. A belated offside flag grants Wolves the free-kick, but they immediately give the ball back to their hosts. This has been so poor from the visitors.
HUGE CHANCE FOR 3-0! Arsenal should be out of sight. Odegaard's delicate chip into the area is brought down by Trossard, whose brilliant touch takes Dawson out of the game. He goes to pull the trigger on the six-yard line, but Sa gets down to smother the ball before Toti completes the clearance.
Arsenal have completed exactly twice as many passes (164) as Wolves (82) so far. It's been one-way traffic from the first whistle.
This is another major blow for Wolves. Sa has been moving awkwardly for some time and he needs to be replaced. The Portugal international takes his gloves off and walks gingerly from the field, with former Bristol City shot-stopper Bentley on to replace him.
Saka's opening goal was Arsenal's 100th goal of 2023, making them just the fifth team from Europe's top five leagues to reach a century across all competitions this calendar year, after Man City (137), Real Madrid (119), Bayern Munich (111) and Bayer Leverkusen (110).
Another chance! Martinelli shifts through the gears and breezes past Semedo, before checking back to shoot from just inside the area. His effort hits Kilman in the chest before bouncing to Trossard, who sees his volley blocked at close quarters.
More Arsenal pressure! Semedo trips Martinelli near the corner of the box, granting the hosts a free-kick in a good area. Trossard's delivery is cleared as far as Rice, who hammers a shot off a gold shirt and behind for a corner.
Cunha and Bellegarde combine to clear the set-piece, but Wolves can't escape their own third and Arsenal come straight back. Fortunately for the visitors, Kilman beats Martinelli to an overhit pass before winning a foul.
Wolves are yet to manage a touch in Arsenal's area, with the Gunners recording 15 at the other end. The visitors haven't mounted an attack of any description in an insipid display.
We're past the half-hour mark here, with Wolves finally enjoying a prolonged spell on the ball. They're struggling to go anywhere with it, though, with the energetic hosts pressing ferociously and forcing them back time and again.
Wolves finally manage a foray forward as Hugo Bueno finds space to cross from the left. It's just too high for Cunha to make a firm connection in the centre, though, and Hwang is crowded out when he picks up the loose ball on the far side.
Odegaard slides in late on Cunha and concedes a free-kick perhaps 35 yards away from the Gunners' goal, to the left of centre. Hugo Bueno and Doyle are over the dead ball.
Doyle lifts a lovely ball towards the far post, but Toti is unable to meet it on the stretch and the Gunners get the goal-kick. Raya plays his way into trouble unnecessarily, but Odegaard eventually does well to win a throw off Hugo Bueno.
Arsenal have won 50% of their Premier League games in December (86/172), only having a lower win rate in January (48.7%) and November (45.4%) between August and May in the competition. However, they have won their last six in December, their longest such run in the month in the Premier League. They are on course to make a good start to the festive season here.
That is exceptional from Martinelli. Wolves finally find space to break through Semedo, but the Brazil star tracks back all the way to his own corner flag to win a throw for his team. Great work from the winger!
POST! Saka beats Toti to a loose ball before sliding a good pass across to Martinelli on the far side of the box. He bends his effort towards the bottom-right corner, beating Bentley's dive but seeing the ball bounce off the upright and away. The Gunners keep it alive as Rice pulls the trigger from 25 yards out, and it deflects wide for a corner!
WHAT A MISS! Jesus blazes over! A desperate scramble ensues from the corner, with Traore only half clearing the ball. Saka swings a great cross towards the back post, where Jesus arrives two yards out to swipe a poor volley over the crossbar! Tomiyasu appeared to get a touch in front of Jesus, perhaps putting the Brazilian off.
There's a stoppage in play as Kilman stays down in the aftermath of that Arsenal chance. He appears to have been caught in the face by Gabriel and is receiving medical attention, but he'll be fine to continue.
Wolves skipper Kilman has to go off the pitch momentarily after receiving treatment, but he'll re-enter the action shortly.
Looking at the average positions taken up by the teams in the first half, all Arsenal players bar Gabriel, Saliba and Raya have been stationed in the Wolves half. They've dominated and penned their visitors back from the off.
Odegaard tries to slide a clever pass through for Saka, but Hugo Bueno stays alert to cut it out. Good defending from the stand-in left wing-back.
We will have SEVEN minutes of stoppage time to end this half! That's surely due to the injuries to Sa – who was substituted – and Kilman, who stayed on.
Odegaard finds Saka with another delicate throughball, but Toti does well to make the challenge before Tomiyasu fouls Bellegarde, granting Wolves some respite from the free-kick.
SAVE! Kilman's terrible pass plays Wolves into trouble as Rice finds Jesus darting into the box on the Arsenal left. He tries to slide his effort across goal and into the far corner, but it lacks power and Bentley can gratefully dive on it.
Wolves finally isolate Cunha one-on-one against Gabriel on the break. The forward skips round his compatriot on the outside before going down in the box… but the referee shakes his head and Gabriel drags Cunha back to his feet. It was a very half-hearted appeal – Gabriel definitely got the ball with a firm challenge.
There have been far too few of those moments for Wolves. Their tricky front players have caused plenty of problems against elite opponents this season, but they've simply failed to get them into this game.
Wide! Martinelli cuts inside Semedo again before laying off to Trossard under pressure, and the Belgian drags his effort well wide of the near post from 20 yards out.
CHANCE FOR WOLVES! Out of nowhere, a mix-up between Zinchenko and Saliba allows Hwang to burst through on goal. The ball is spinning slightly away from him, however, as Raya gets there first with a vital block. Any touch from the South Korean and he'd have been in for a goal or a penalty!
HALF-TIME: ARSENAL 2-0 WOLVES.
The half-time whistle sounds at the Emirates, and Arsenal are cruising to a four-point lead at the top of the Premier League table! The Gunners picked up where they left off in midweek by scoring two brilliant team goals in the first 13 minutes, Saka finishing across goal after being teed up by Tomiyasu for the first, before Zinchenko got to the byline to find Odegaard for the second, with the Norwegian capping a flowing move with an unerring finish. Jesus and Martinelli have missed the hosts' best chances to extend their lead, with Wolves barely offering anything at the other end, though a defensive mix-up almost allowed Hwang to make things interesting on the stroke of half-time. Arteta will want more of the same after the break, O'Neil will be desperate for more from his depleted side.
Odegaard has bossed the game for Arsenal so far, with the Gunners captain scoring their second goal while creating a joint-high two chances for the hosts (level with Saka) and playing 22 passes in the final third. Only Zinchenko (53) and Tomiyasu (51) have bettered the Norwegian's 48 touches, as he drops deep to dictate the pace of the game. Wolves' makeshift midfield needs to get closer to him!
We're back under way for the second half as Hwang kicks off for Wolves. Is there any way back for the visitors?
Saka has been electric so far. He skips past Hugo Bueno with ease before standing up a right-footed cross, but Kilman gets there ahead of Jesus to clear. Arsenal come again through Trossard, but his cross is also headed out by Kilman.
CHANCE! Arsenal are camped on the edge of Wolves' area now. Tomiyasu swings a cross across the face of goal, and Jesus just fails to nod it into an empty net. Jesus is pleading for a penalty, saying Kilman pushed him, and the VAR will take a closer look...
No penalty is the decision, with Kilman's touch on Jesus being extremely light. O'Neil must have been holding his breath there!
Wolves finally break out as Bellegarde carries the ball forward before playing it wide to Hugo Bueno. His deep cross is awkwardly headed into the air by Zinchenko, then Hwang can only slice his volley behind, much to the Ukrainian's relief.
Arsenal managed 12 shots to Wolves' two during the first half, hitting the target four times and not facing a shot on target themselves. The Gunners have started this half on top, too.
If there are any Wolves fans requiring some positivity with their team 2-0 down, they have won seven of their 15 points in the Premier League this season from losing positions, with only Liverpool (12), Tottenham, Brighton and Chelsea (all eight) fighting back for more points. However, Arsenal have only dropped four points from winning positions, though those all came in 2-2 draws on this ground, against Fulham and Tottenham…
SAVE FROM RAYA! That's as close as Wolves have come. Cunha turns Rice inside-out on the left side of the area before blasting a shot towards the near post, and Raya has to stay alert to push it away. That's better from the visitors!
Wolves are enjoying more time on the ball now, moving it patiently in midfield. Arsenal keep their shape well, however, and Bellegarde's ambitious pass runs too long for Hwang on the right-hand side.
Arsenal will be looking to keep their foot down to quieten some of their critics here. Though they're top of the league, there have been plenty of suggestions that their football has been less than free-flowing this term. They've definitely dropped the pace since making that blistering start.
Rice finds Trossard in space in midfield, and the Belgian turns before blazing a shot high and wide from 30 yards out. That was an ambitious effort to say the least.
It looks like O'Neil is going to blink first, with the game really in a lull at present. Sarabia looks to be among those preparing to enter the action for Wolves.
Tomiyasu threads a neat pass into the path of Saka inside the area, but Dawson is alert to the danger as he blasts a clearance out of play. Arsenal are back in possession, looking to work an opening, as Sarabia and Doherty wait to come on for Wolves.
Here come the Wolves changes. Doherty replaces Hugo Bueno, who has been playing with his knee strapped up after making his return from injury a few weeks ago. There's a smattering of boos as the former Tottenham man enters the action.
Sarabia is also on, having apologised this week after seeming to criticise O'Neil for failing to bring him on at Fulham on social media. Bellegarde is the player withdrawn.
Arsenal put another patient move together as Odegaard offloads to Rice on the edge of the area, but the former West Ham man drags his first-time shot well wide of the bottom-left corner.
When Wolves made their double substitution a few moments ago, Doherty passed a note to captain Kilman detailing some tactical changes. The Ireland international looks to be playing at left wing-back, with Sarabia joining Cunha and Hwang in a front three.
Arsenal make their first substitution as Jesus is replaced by Nketiah. The Brazilian had been involved in seven goals in his six Premier League starts against Wolves (six goals, one assist) before this game, but he failed to get on the scoresheet this time.
The first yellow card of the game goes to Saliba after he drags Hwang back on halfway, preventing a possible Wolves counterattack.
The pace of this game has really dropped now. Wolves try to inject some speed into it as Traore gets away from Rice, but Zinchenko steps infield to make the challenge. Arsenal have been excellent out of possession.
Both teams have had just two shots each in the second half, with Wolves actually edging the xG (expected goals) battle 0.08-0.06! It's safe to say Arsenal are content with their position in this match.
Martinelli skips past Semedo before pulling the trigger from the left side of the box, but the Wolves defender gets back to block the ball up into the air, and it drops safely into the arms of Bentley. The substitute goalkeeper hasn't had a great deal to do so far.
Semedo is fouled on halfway as he looks to play a give-and-go with Sarabia. Arsenal have done well in breaking up any half-threatening moments from Wolves, who are yet to really give this a go. Will they start to take more risks in the latter stages?
Since losing 1-0 to Manchester United on matchday one, Wolves have scored in each of their last 12 Premier League games. It's their second-longest scoring streak in Premier League history, following an 18-game run between August and December 2019. That run is definitely in danger of ending here.
OVER! Arsenal go close to a third goal as Saka takes aim from 25 yards out. His dipping, left-footed strike flies just over the top-right corner and hits the stanchion behind Bentley's goal. That was close!
There's a concerning moment for Arsenal here, with Tomiyasu going down off the ball and signalling that he needs medical attention. The Japanese full-back has impressed at both ends here and Arteta will not want to lose him to injury.
Arteta opts to rest Martinelli, with a trip to Luton Town on the horizon in midweek. Havertz is on, looking to maintain his recent goalscoring form.
Arteta is taking no risks with Tomiyasu, bringing White on at right-back as the Japan international gets to his feet and walks around the pitch and off.
We're into the final 10 minutes of the 90 here, and in truth, the second half has not been much of a spectacle. Will Wolves open up in a bid to force a grandstand finish?
Wolves steal possession in a good position through Traore, who finds Cunha on the right side of Arsenal's area. He hangs up a cross towards the far post, where Hwang is unable to divert a header towards goal. The visitors have had a few promising moments, with Cunha at the centre of most of them, but they have failed to make them count.
Only Saka (seven) has attempted more dribbles than Cunha's three in this game.
DOUBLE SAVE FROM BENTLEY! Arsenal should be 3-0 up. Havertz wins possession and links up with Odegaard to send Trossard through on goal. He holds off Toti before firing in a low shot, and Bentley gets down to make the block. The rebound is turned goalwards by Saka, but the Wolves substitute is again in the way!
Half chance! Arsenal are furious as Trossard is denied a free-kick on the edge of the Wolves box, and the visitors break. The ball is worked out to Hwang, who sits Saliba down and finds space to shoot, but his low effort is held by Raya at his near post.
A yellow card is shown to a member of Arsenal's coaching staff, with the fourth official not taking too kindly to their protests after that decision not to award a free-kick.
GOOOOOOOAAAAAAL! GAME ON? Wolves get back into it as Cunha finds the top-left corner with a brilliant finish! Sarabia tries to work his way into the Arsenal area but is dispossessed by Zinchenko, only for the left-back to immediately lose it under pressure from Semedo. The loose ball drops to Cunha, who whips a powerful shot beyond the dive of Raya to make it 2-1! We have a grandstand finish on our hands at the Emirates!
Semedo gets the assist, winning possession back from Zinchenko on the edge of Arsenal's box, but it's an awful error from the Ukrainian!
POST! ARSENAL GO CLOSE TO KILLING THE CONTEST! The Gunners look to restore their two-goal lead immediately, with Nketiah played through on goal. Bentley gets the slightest of touches to his right-footed shot, and it bounces of the left-hand post and away! Wolves are still in this game!
Hwang is booked for simulation as he goes down under a challenge from Gabriel out on the Wolves left. Out of nowhere, this contest is alive again!
You can feel the tension around the Emirates as Arsenal fail to make anything of a right-wing corner and Wolves look to break. It would be simply remarkable if O'Neil's men can salvage a point from this game – they looked dead and buried!
There will be SIX minutes of stoppage time here! That's a huge boost for Wolves!
PENALTY APPEAL! Semedo gets down the right-hand channel before firing a cross into the six-yard box, where Hwang insists it stuck Gabriel's arm! The VAR takes a look… and the incident is cleared, much to the relief of the home fans.
Wolves are going for it now. Kalajdzic is thrown on up front as Doyle makes way.
Arteta makes two changes in a bid to slow this game down. Jorginho replaces the outstanding Odegaard, scorer of Arsenal's second goal.
Saka is also off after netting the opener, with Kiwior on in a very defensive change for the Gunners.
Kalajdzic fouls Kiwior and O'Neil isn't happy with the time Arsenal take to restart the play. With all those substitutions, this game could go beyond the 96-minute mark…
All of a sudden, it's Arsenal with everyone behind the ball as Wolves try to work an angle to put a cross into the box. Sarabia fails to keep a mishit pass in play, and Zinchenko celebrates as if he's scored a goal! His mistake has put the Gunners under so much unnecessary pressure!
Sarabia cuts inside to cross on his left foot… and Raya gets up to make the catch. Have Arsenal just about done enough?
The referee allows Wolves to mount another attack… but Kalajdzic fouls Saliba. That will surely be that for the Gunners. They have made hard work of this late on, but they're about to go four points clear at the summit!
Cunha is booked for dissent late on as Raya takes his time over a free-kick.
FULL-TIME: ARSENAL 2-1 WOLVES.
The full-time whistle is greeted by a huge roar at the Emirates as Arsenal go four points clear at the top of the Premier League table, holding on for a nervy 2-1 win over Wolves! The Gunners looked like cruising to three points when Saka and Odegaard capped flowing moves with accurate finishes in the first 13 minutes, but the likes of Martinelli, Jesus, Trossard and Nketiah missed glaring chances to keep Wolves in the contest. There was almost a sting in the tail for Arsenal as Cunha's brilliant finish allowed O'Neil's visitors to push for an unlikely draw late on, but Arteta's men held on! They will be watching on as the likes of Manchester City, Liverpool and Aston Villa play on Sunday, before travelling to Luton Town for their next Premier League game on Tuesday. Wolves are also in action in three days' time, looking to respond to back-to-back defeats when Burnley visit Molineux. Until then, it's goodbye from us, and we'll see you next time.
Hello and welcome to today's Premier League clash between Brentford and Luton Town at the Gtech Community Stadium!
After failing to score in a Premier League home game for the first time this year, during last week's 1-0 defeat to London rivals Arsenal, Brentford lost their grip on a top-half spot in the Premier League table. Now occupying 11th place, the Bees are not only aiming to avoid a third successive league loss but also to score their first goal since early November. However, ahead of today's contest, only two of their eight home fixtures this term have ended in victory.
A dramatic finale saw Luton Town run out 2-1 winners against Crystal Palace last weekend, marking the first time since the 1991-92 season that the Hatters have won a top-flight fixture at Kenilworth Road. Having inched further clear of the relegation zone with their first-ever Premier League home victory, Luton now tackle a side that have dominated them for several years: they've lost on five of their last six visits to Brentford, where they last tasted success some 21 years ago.
BRENTFORD (4-3-3): Mark Flekken; Saman Ghoddos, Ethan Pinnock, Ben Mee, Vitaly Janelt; Frank Onyeka, Christian Norgaard, Yehor Yarmoliuk; Bryan Mbeumo, Neal Maupay, Yoane Wissa.
SUBS: Thomas Strakosha, Michael Olakigbe, Mads Roerslev, Charlie Goode, Saman Ghoddos, Keane Lewis-Potter, Mathias Jorgensen, Shandon Baptiste, Myles Peart-Harris.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-2-1): Thomas Kaminski; Teden Mengi, Tom Lockyer, Gabriel Osho; Issa Kabore, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu, Ross Barkley, Amari'i Bell; Tahith Chong, Chiedozie Ogbene; Carlton Morris.
SUBS: Tim Krul, Jacob Brown, Zack Nelson, Elijah Adebayo, Ryan Giles, Andros Townsend, Luke Berry, Joe Johnson, Jordan Clark.
Brentford boss Thomas Frank makes one change to the starting XI that lined up against Arsenal, as on-loan striker Neal Maupay replaces a defender, Kristoffer Ajer, who sustained an injury during the warm-up - the latter's misfortune means Saman Ghoddos retains his place. Mikkel Damsgaard, Mathias Jensen, Nathan Collins, Rico Henry, Aaron Hickey, Kevin Schade and Josh Dasilva all remain sidelined, alongside the suspended Ivan Toney.
Meanwhile, Luton's Rob Edwards has made two switches following last week's win over Crystal Palace: Alfie Doughty and Andros Townsend make way; Manchester City loanee Issa Kabore is back following concussion and Tahith Chong comes into midfield. Marvelous Nakamba, Cauley Woodrow, Dan Potts and Albert Sambi Lokonga are among the Hatters' injury absentees.
In overcast, chilly conditions, the players file out on to the pitch: kick-off is now just moments away!
Luton Town kick off, and we are under way in Brentford!
After Lockyer is penalised for blatantly fouling Maupay within moments of kick-off, the Luton captain's eventful start to the game continues as he is then left writhing on the turf and requires medical treatment.
Having taken a blow on the back from Norgaard, Lockyer has to limp over to the touchline, and he remains absent from the Luton defence as the game now resumes.
Following further treatment, Lockyer is passed fit to continue, and he jogs back into his position at the heart of Luton's back three. It's been a disjointed start to the match so far.
The hosts are now beginning to find their rhythm, stroking the ball about with purpose in midfield, as their visitors drop back and defend deep inside their own half - that could be the pattern for much of today's game.
Brentford are still bossing the ball, but they are being met with stiff resistance from the Luton back line. As the Hatters are one of only four sides yet to keep a clean sheet in the Premier League this season, they'll be determined to hold out for 90 minutes today.
Over the opening minutes, Brentford have had an incredible 84 per cent share of possession, but they've yet to carve their obdurate opponents open.
Mbeumo's loose touch on the right touchline allows Bell in to steal the ball, and the Brentford striker then compounds his error by bringing down the Luton full-back and conceding a free-kick.
Ogbene and then Chong draw fouls in midfield, as Luton try to edge forward with a counter-attack. They've yet to breach Brentford's box, having shown almost zero ambition to do so.
After Janelt concedes a corner on the left, Barkley delivers an outswinging ball towards the penalty spot. However, Pinnock leaps highest and heads the ball well clear of danger.
It remains rather aimless from Brentford at the moment, and they are perhaps not accustomed to dominating the ball as much as this in the Premier League - can the Bees start to create some chances now?
Norgaard hurls in a long throw from the left, which is flicked on towards Maupay in the six-yard box. The latter's looping header drops straight into Kaminski's waiting gloves, though. That's as close as we've come to a goal - and it wasn't that close!
Luton Town are winless in 10 league visits to Brentford since a 2-1 win in England's second tier back in September 1992. Although they've posed no threat today, the Hatters are still very much in contention to end that barren spell.
Caught out of position, Flekken is beaten by the flight of a cross from the right, and Luton have to concede a corner. Brentford will have a welcome set-piece opportunity.
WIDE! The first serious shot at goal finally arrives, as Yarmoliuk thumps a deflected effort wide of the left-hand post following Janelt's cutback. That's a little better from Brentford!
Mbeumo cushions the ball with his first touch, then drives inside from the right. He then opens up an angle to shoot, but when he lets fly from the edge of the area, the ball is sent spinning well over the crossbar.
After Bell brings down the increasingly influential Mbeumo, the latter's mishit free-kick towards the box is initially cleared away from danger by Luton's defence - but Brentford regain possession and continue to press for an opening goal.
With a welcome touch of composure, Barkley spreads the play out wide and sets up a Luton counter-attack down the right. However, Mee ultimately gets the ball clear and Brentford are back on the ball.
Helping out Bell, Ogbene stays alert to cover Mbeumo's run to the right byline, shepherding Brentford's danger man out of play with some determined defending.
CLOSE! Peeling away from his marker on the right, Mbeumo then powers inside to shoot from around 20 yards out, sending the ball flashing wide of the left-hand post via a deflection! If anyone can break the deadlock in West London, surely it's the Bees' skilful winger.
Remarkably, Kaminski is booked before half-time due to perceived time-wasting. The Luton goalkeeper took an age over a goal-kick, so the referee shows him a yellow card.
A mazy out-to-in run by Wissa ends with a rather tame shot at goal from just outside Luton's area, allowing Kaminski to make a simple save in the centre of his goal.
Ghoddos swings a cross over from the right flank, but it hangs a little too high, and Kaminski plucks the ball out of the air without any trouble. The hosts' pressure continues, but Luton are standing firm so far.
Following a flick off Mengi's head in the Luton area, Kabore deflects the ball on to his own arm, prompting Brentford's fans to appeal for a penalty. However, neither the referee nor VAR are interested, so the game goes on.
In the first minute of at least two added on for stoppages, Maupay swivels and strikes the ball from 20 yards out. It's sliced well over the top, though, and it seems the first half will end goalless.
HALF-TIME: BRENTFORD 0-0 LUTON TOWN
Lacking much in the way of spectacle, but certainly not short of endeavour from both sides, a first half bereft of clear-cut goal chances ends with the scores still level. Brentford may have totally dominated possession - having no less than 77 per cent - but they have struggled to carve open an obdurate Luton team happy to suffer long spells without the ball. Mbeumo has been the brightest spark, but the Cameroon international's radar has been off when it comes to shots on goal.
Luton have now failed to score a first-half goal in 13 of their 14 Premier League games, more often than any other team in the English top flight this season. However, the Hatters have netted a league-high 83 per cent of their goals during the second half, with eight coming in the final 15 minutes - Brentford beware!
Indicating a possible change of formation, Luton's captain Lockyer - who sustained a back injury early in the game - has been replaced by Brown for the second half.
Brentford kick off, and we are back under way in West London!
It looks like Luton have stuck to the same setup despite Lockyer's absence, with Morris taking the armband. They defended particularly well before the break, so Edwards will have been reluctant to change anything.
THE BEES LEAD! Following a cross from the left by Wissa, which is flicked on by Mee, the ball falls to Maupay deep inside Luton's area, and the French striker turns the ball home from close range! He finds the bottom-left corner, and that's 1-0 to Brentford! They've started the second half in style!
For dissent, Chong - who lost the ball shortly before Brentford's goal - is booked by the referee.
Brown covers across to block off a diving header from near the penalty spot by Yarmoliuk, as the home side press on in search of a second goal. Luton are firmly on the back foot now.
MISS! Coming so close to scoring his first Brentford goal, Onyeka profits from a weak clearance to pick up the ball 20 yards from goal, then sends his shot just wide of the target!
BRENTFORD STRIKE AGAIN! Following a penalty-box scramble, Brentford win a corner-kick. Mee rises highest in the area, meeting Mbeumo's outswinging delivery, and the defender's deflected header leaves Kaminski helpless: suddenly, it's 2-0!!
Having been to the fore during the first half, Mbeumo contributes again by sending over a corner that Mee converts from close range.
After Brown concedes a corner, Mbeumo's latest cross into the box almost finds Mee again; then Ghoddos reacts first on the follow-up, striking a bouncing ball well over the crossbar.
Luton react to going two goals down by making a triple substitution. First, Mpanzu is replaced by Clark.
Ogbene makes way for another winger, Townsend.
Finally, the Hatters' stand-in skipper is withdrawn: Adebayo replaces Morris up front.
Onyeka's driving run through the centre is only ended just outside Luton's area by a rugged block from Mengi. The referee has no problem with the defender's challenge, so play continues.
Another set-piece delivery by Mbeumo is hung up to the back post, but Pinnock's attempted header is blocked at close quarters; Luton then clear the ball. They're still hanging on here, looking a million miles from getting themselves back into this game.
Somehow, Brentford managed to increase their substantial share of possession over the first 15 minutes of the second half to 81 per cent. Since scoring the second goal, though, they've slightly taken their foot off the gas.
Brentford's sixth corner is played short from the right, but following an elaborate build-up, nothing comes of it and the Bees must build again from near the halfway line.
Another promising performance by teenage midfielder Yarmoliuk comes to its conclusion, as Baptiste jogs on to replace him.
Mengi scrambles back to prevent Wissa shooting from the left side of the area, but after making a brilliant last-ditch block, the Luton defender seems to have jarred his knee. The medics are coming on to assess him.
Unchallenged, Kaminski claims Mbeumo's latest corner kick inside his six-yard box, with the injured Mengi still struggling to walk steadily by the side of the pitch.
Due to a knee injury, Mengi's game is over, forcing Edwards to make his fifth and final change: Giles is sent on.
LUTON ARE BACK IN IT! A slip from Janelt on the edge of Brentford's area opens the door for Luton - and Brown strides right through! With the visitors' first strike on target, the substitute slots his shot into the bottom corner, and it's now just 2-1 to the Bees - game on!
Responding to his side's setback, Frank sends on Roerslev to replace Ghoddos.
Lewis-Potter is also introduced, as Mbeumo departs early.
Although Brentford have had 20 attempts, only four have been guided on target. With one goal from one effort, Luton have got themselves back into contention for an unlikely point. It sets us up for a fascinating finale.
Brentford captain Norgaard is shown a yellow card for time-wasting, as the clock ticks down towards the final whistle.
THE BEES EXTEND THEIR LEAD! Twice, Lewis-Potter is denied - first by a block, then Kaminski's smart save - but Baptiste latches on to the loose ball, dribbles into the centre of Luton's area and then finds the back of the net with a powerful drive! It's 3-1 to Brentford, and surely that strike wraps up all three points!
Again running out of steam late on, Luton Town have now conceded seven goals in the last 15 minutes of the second half this season - only Sheffield United (12) have shipped more in the Premier League. It's also the sixth time a substitute has scored against them.
Luton force successive corners, proving they've not given up on salvaging something from this game. Set-pieces certainly seem their best route back in.
Brentford can't clear the ball now, as Adebayo's nod-down at the back post causes a moment of concern in the Bees' box. For the first time today, Luton are totally on top - but is it too late?
CLOSE! Barkley's free-kick from near the left byline is headed away by the first defender, then a ball in from Townsend on the right is flicked home by Chong's deft header. However, the flag is instantly raised for offside - no goal! It was a tight call, but the right one.
In the second of at least eight additional minutes indicated by the officials, Maupay departs, having scored a crucial goal earlier on. Replacing him, Peart-Harris is given a rare taste of Premier League football.
Sensibly, Brentford have used the break in play for Maupay's withdrawal to kill Luton's momentum. The home side are now retaining possession in midfield, aiming to run down the clock.
MISS! After Janelt's cutback is struck goalward by Onyeka then bounces out to Lewis-Potter, at the second attempt, the substitute striker prods a shot over the crossbar from close range! He was under some pressure, but that's a decent chance spurned.
FULL-TIME: BRENTFORD 3-1 LUTON TOWN
Following a tepid first half, devoid of either chances or inspiration, scoring three of four goals during the second sees Brentford return to winning ways at Luton Town's expense. The Bees totally dominated possession, and when they added a clinical edge shortly after the interval, that was enough to take them two goals clear heading into the final 15 minutes. Luton's late strike threatened to set up a grandstand finale, but when Baptiste finished decisively from close range, all three points were wrapped up for Thomas Frank's side, who now move into the top half of the Premier League table. Still waiting for their first clean sheet of the season, the Hatters host in-form Arsenal on Tuesday, while Brentford travel south to Brighton one day later. That's all from West London today, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Burnley and Sheffield United at Turf Moor.
Burnley lost their sixth consecutive Premier League game in their last outing to remain at the bottom of the table. The Clarets were on their way to their first home victory after Jay Rodriguez’s penalty put them ahead against West Ham. However, a late own goal from Dara O’Shea and a 91st-minute volley from Tomas Soucek gave David Moyes’ men the win. Vincent Kompany’s side have only collected four points this campaign, drawing with Nottingham Forest and beating Luton Town. Despite this, Burnley will be encouraged by their recent form against the Blades. They have won four of their last five games against them (drawing one) and will move above United with another triumph.
The Blades finished second in the Championship last season, nine points behind league winners Burnley. However, they have also struggled since gaining promotion to the Premier League. Paul Heckingbottom’s side lost nine of their first 10 games in the top flight, with their only point coming against Everton. United showed a slight upturn in form in November, beating Wolves at the start of the month before gaining an away point versus Brighton, but lost their most recent fixture. Marcus Tavernier netted twice either side of a goal from Justin Kluivert to help a resurgent Bournemouth side to a comfortable 3-1 win. They did prevail in their last meeting against Burnley in the Premier League, with David McGoldrick scoring the only goal in a 1-0 at Bramall Lane in May 2021.
BURNLEY (4-4-2): James Trafford; Vitinho, Dara O’Shea, Jordan Beyer, Charlie Taylor; Jacob Bruun Larsen, Sander Berge, Josh Brownhill, Luca Koleosho; Jay Rodriguez, Zeki Amdouni.
BURNLEY SUBS: Johann Gudmundsson, Nathan Redmond, Hjalmar Ekdal, Aaron Ramsey, Lawrence Vigouroux, Mike Tresor, Han-Noah Massengo, Han-Noah Massengo, Wilson Odobert.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-4-2-1): Wes Foderingham; George Baldock, Jack Robinson, Auston Trusty; Anel Ahmedhodzic, Oliver Norwood, John Fleck, Luke Thomas; Oliver McBurnie, Gustavo Hamer; Cameron Archer.
SHEFFIELD UNITED SUBS: Adam Davies, Max Lowe, Benie Traore, Jayden Bogle, Jayden Bogle, Vinicius Souza, Anis Ben Slimane, Yasser Larouci, James McAtee, William Osula.
Burnley make one change to the side that lost to West Ham in their previous match. Larsen comes in and replaces Gudmundsson, who drops onto the bench.
The Blades make three alterations to the team that lost to Bournemouth in their last match. Ahmedhodzic comes in for Bogle on the right side of the midfield, with Fleck also appearing in the middle. Souza moves onto the bench as a result. McBurnie starts in the attack for the first time in four matches, meaning that McAtee misses out.
The away side has lost three of the four Premier League meetings between Burnley and the Blades, with the exception being a 1-1 draw at Turf Moor in July 2020. Both teams are now on the pitch and are ready to get the game started.
Burnley get this Premier League clash under way. Amdouni with the first kick.
GOALLLLLL! WHAT A START FOR BURNLEY! 1-0! What a header from Rodriguez. Amdouni shows some nice touches to flick the ball past a couple of United players before rolling a pass down the left to Taylor. The left-back finds Rodriguez, who dives across the box to get on the end of the cross to head in.
Taylor is in space down the left and curls in a perfect first-time cross. It is low, allowing Rodriguez to get ahead of his marker to score. The goal came after just 15 seconds.
Rodriguez is the first player in Premier League history to score in the opening 15 seconds of two separate Premier League matches, with his other coming 10 years and one day ago for Southampton against Chelsea.
Sheffield United have lost 25 of their last 30 Premier League away games (winning two and drawing three), with their 1-0 victory at Everton in May 2021 their only clean sheet on the road in this run.
Amdouni has started the game well. He looks to beat Ahmedhodzic down the left, but the Blades man gets across him to shield the ball out for a goal-kick.
The Blades come forward for the first time down the right side of the pitch, with Ahmedhodzic chasing onto the end of a chipped pass. He looks to go past Koleosho, but he defends well and Burnley have possession back.
Bruun Larsen rushes down the right and looks to cut inside to try and get a shot away. The ball gets caught under his feet, but he does well to flick a pass through to Vitinho, who wins a corner. However, it comes to nothing.
Amdouni takes down a long pass from Trafford brilliantly and holds onto the ball on the right side of United's box. He then pulls a pass back to Rodriguez, who leans back and sends a first-time strike well over.
Vitinho and Fleck chase after a loose ball in the midfield, with the Burnley man going in late and stepping on his foot. He is lucky to get away without a card to his name. There is a short VAR check for a red card, but there was not enough force in the challenge.
Hamer has United's first shot of the game, but it comes from distance, with the ball going well wide of the target.
Hamer makes the most of a loose pass in the midfield, playing a quick one-two with Archer to get away from Burnley's press. He then looks to switch the play from left to right, but Taylor makes a simple interception.
Vitinho has kept looking to overlap Larsen down the wing in this game. This time he rushes towards the byline to get onto the end of a pass from the winger and cuts a low cross back into the box, but Rodriguez is unable to flick his shot towards the goal.
CHANCE! The Blades are loading the box for a throw-in on the left. Robinson launches the ball into the box. It is headed out as far as Norwood, who lashes a low first-time shot towards the bottom corner. Trafford is equal to it, with the goalkeeper getting down to his right to push it away.
Vitinho has the ball and uses his quick feet to flick the ball away from Hamer, who swipes his legs away with a poor tackle. Referee Chris Kavanagh decides to keep the yellow card in his pocket for the second time.
The Blades could have a problem, with Baldock on the floor. He is being checked by the medical staff, who are inspecting his right leg.
Baldock was on the ground for a couple of minutes and cannot continue. Bogle started the last match and will now take his place.
Hamer is over a deep free-kick on the right, with the Blades getting men into the box. Fleck then comes over to take it and pokes it across to Norwood, who chips it into the middle. However, nothing comes from the attack and Burnley clear the ball away.
GOALLL! BRUUN LARSEN SCORES! 2-0 BURNLEY! The hosts are in control of this match. O'Shea has the ball inside Burnley's half and he chips the ball over the top of the Blades' defence. Bruun Larsen comes inside from the wing and controls it brilliantly. He then races into the box and rolls his effort into the bottom corner.
Burnley are known for their neat possession style, built from short passing. O'Shea breaks this with a smart pass down the right, spotting the run of Brunn Larsen, who beats the offside trap and finishes with composure.
OVER! Trusty has possession on the byline down the left and finds a way to roll the ball past a Burnley defender. He cuts it back to Fleck, who finds Archer, but he lofts his first-time effort from inside the box well over the bar.
United have never lost a Premier League game against sides starting the day bottom of the table (winning seven and drawing four). This is their first such game since a 1-1 draw with Fulham in October 2020.
Fleck is the first player to go into the book. He shows his frustration with a late tackle on Brownhill just outside Burnley's box.
Burnley are showing their confidence in the game and are keeping possession well. Rodriguez switches it over to Taylor, who finds Koleosho on the inside. He uses his body to roll past a Blades player before finding Norwood. The captain then rolls a pass into Berge, but he sends the ball out for a throw-in.
Another United player goes into the book. McBurnie throws an elbow into the face of O'Shea and goes into the book.
O'Shea is now booked for a foul on McBurnie. The Blades forward clears the ball away, with O'Shea coming in late with his right leg.
Vitinho escapes his marker down the right and looks to roll the ball into Amdouni. Trusty hacks it away before blocking Brownhill's first-time shot out for a corner.
Bruun Larsen's corner comes in from the right, with O'Shea flicking the ball onto Amdouni. He goes down after a pull from Thomas, but nothing is given. There is a short VAR check for a possible penalty, but the game is allowed to continue.
The Blades need to be careful, with a third player going into the book before the break. This time, Thomas stops a counter by pulling back Bruun Larsen and is shown a yellow card.
There will be five minutes of additional time.
RED CARD! The Blades are two goals behind and are now down to 10 men. McBurnie crashes his arm into the face of O'Shea when jumping to win the ball in the air, with the referee giving a foul and a second yellow card for the striker.
Burnley are ending the half positively. Vitinho chips a pass down the right, forcing Rodriguez to come wide to retrieve possession. He does well and wins a corner.
Bruun Larsen's corner is flicked across the box by the head of O'Shea, but nobody in a Burnley shirt can get a shot away. Berge had run too far forward and couldn't hook the ball back towards the goal.
Taylor's inviting cross from the right looks for Rodriguez, but Trusty gets above the striker to get there first. Fleck then heads it behind for a corner. However, the Clarets don't have enough time to make anything of it.
HALF-TIME: BURNLEY 2-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED
Goals from Rodriguez and Bruun Larsen have put Burnley in complete control against the Blades, who went down to 10 men late in the half. The Clarets started the game quickly and scored after just 15 seconds. Taylor found Rodriguez with a cross from the left, with the striker diving across to head the ball into the bottom corner. Norwood then tested Trafford with a powerful drive from range before the hosts doubled their lead. O'Shea's chipped pass over the top of United's defence found Bruun Larsen, who controlled the ball brilliantly before slotting his effort beyond Foderingham. Archer had an opportunity to get one back but lofted his strike over, with the Blades going down a man before the break. McBurnie was shown two yellow cards for separate elbows on O'Shea.
Burnley showed a clinical edge in the first half, scoring from both of their shots on target. They have only registered an xG (expected goals) of 0.59 but are fully deserving of their lead. Amdouni has had plenty of nice touches and played an important role in the Clarets' opener, with Bruun Larsen and Vitinho combining well down the right. As for the Blades, they failed to recover from the early setback. The away side only had three shots before the break, with Archer wasting a clear opportunity to score from inside the box. Heckingbottom's side have shown their frustrations, already seeing two yellow cards and one red in the match.
The Blades are making three changes before the restart to try and get back into this match. McAtee came on in their last win against Wolves and changed the game completely. He is given the same role this time, replacing Thomas.
There is also an adjustment in the attack, with Archer coming off. Traore is given the chance to make an impression.
Fleck went into the book before the break and is now coming off. Osula takes his place in the side.
There is also an adjustment in the attack, with Archer coming off. Traore is given the chance to make an impression. United only have one substitution left to make.
The Blades get the ball rolling again.
Koleosho shows some quick feet to poke the ball through the legs of his marker to move into space down left. He finds Taylor, whose low cross is cleared away by Trusty.
Burnley and the Blades are two of the four sides yet to keep a clean sheet in the Premier League this term (along with Brighton and Luton). They’re also the two sides with the most goals conceded so far this term (the Blades 34, Burnley 32). With United down to 10 men and struggling to find any rhythm in the attack, this is the perfect time for the Clarets to secure their first clean sheet.
Burnley have started this half well and are forcing the Blades to sit back and defend. Traore is the only player in the attack for the away side, with the forward looking isolated up front.
WIDE! Rodriguez holds onto the ball well and offloads it to Bruun Larsen on the edge of the box. He switches it over to the left towards Koleosho, who cuts inside before driving a low shot wide of the post.
Burnley’s Koleosho will be the player to watch in this half. Before today, he had more touches in the opposition box than any other player yet to score in the Premier League this season (48), while only Enzo Fernandez (22) has had more shots without scoring than the Italian (19). Kompany will be hoping that today will be the day that he nets his first goal for the Clarets.
Robinson's long throw-in from the left is poor, allowing Taylor to head it away before it could reach anyone in the middle of the box. If the Blades are to get back into the game, they must make the most of the set-piece situations where they can commit men forward.
OVER! Burnley are patient in possession and are waiting for an opening to score a third goal. Nobody puts pressure on O'Shea just inside the Blades' half, with the centre-back spotting the run of Koleosho on the left. He finds the Italian inside the box, but he sends his first-time shot well over the target. The flag then goes up for offside.
Burnley are in complete control of the match and are not letting the Blades get back into it. They have had 73.9 per cent of the possession since the restart and are forcing the away side to put them under pressure to win the ball. This has allowed Kompany's men to pass their way through them and move into dangerous positions.
BLOCK! Another chance for Burnley. Bruun Larsen has the ball on the right and waits for the final moment to poke a pass through to Vitinho. He cuts past one defender before having his shot from close range blocked by Robinson.
Osula leads with his elbow when jumping for the ball against Brownhill. He goes into the book as a result.
Bruun Larsen netted Burnley's second goal of the game and has been a constant threat down the right side of the pitch. He is now being replaced by the experienced Gudmundsson.
Beyer goes into the book for wasting time.
CHANCE! United have their first opportunity of the half. Hamer drives through the middle of Burnley's half before sliding a pass down the left to Osula. He gets a shot away from a tight angle, but Trafford comes off his line quickly to block it.
Osula has another chance moments after seeing his first shot saved, but the substitute heads wide of the target after escaping his marker.
Ahmedhodzic makes a late slide tackle on Amdouni just outside the box and is shown a yellow card.
Hamer goes into the book moments after the free-kick is given for dissent.
GOALLL! AMDOUNI SCORES! 3-0 BURNLEY! Taylor heads the ball into the air on the left, with Beyer getting on the end of it to knock it inside. Amdouni rushes towards the loose ball, driving through the middle of two defenders before sliding a low shot across the goal and into the bottom corner.
Beyer gets the assist with a smart header inside. He puts in into a good area, with Amdouni speeding past two defenders to get into the box before scoring.
GOALLL! KOLEOSHO SCORES! 4-0 BURNLEY! The hosts are full of confidence now. Amdouni receives the ball from Vitinho and rolls a pass across to Koleosho. The winger crashed the bar moments before but makes no mistake with this finish, shooting the ball into the bottom corner at the near post.
Amdouni thought about playing a one-two with Vitinho after getting the ball from the Brazilian but instead looked for Koleosho to his left. He moved the ball past a defender and finished smartly.
Burnley are four goals ahead and have decided to make some changes. There is a straight swap up front, with scorer Rodriguez coming off for Obafemi.
Koleosho's final impact on the game was his goal. Trésor is given the chance to make an impression in the final stage of the game.
Amdouni got a goal and an assist in a matter of minutes and is also coming off for a rest. Redmond takes his place in the attack.
Obafemi looks to make an impact immediately after coming on. He shifts the ball onto his left foot and curls his shot across the goal and wide of the post.
GOALLL! BROWNHILL SCORES! 5-0 BURNLEY! The captain gets a goal to his name. Tresor and Obafemi try to keep possession just inside the Blades' box, but Bogle gets his foot across to poke it away. However, the ball rolls out to Brownhill, who whips his powerful effort past Foderingham.
United have conceded 12 goals in the last 15 minutes of the second half, more than any other team in the Premier League this season.
O'Shea has been solid in the Burnley defence and got an assist to his name for a fantastic pass to Brunn Larsen earlier in the match. Ekdal comes on in his place.
Obafemi has been lively since coming on, with the former Southampton man wanting to get a goal to his name. He gets through the Blades' defence, but Robinson and Ahmedhodzic recover well to crowd him out.
Redmond's cross from the right is cleared by Trusty, but it is poor, with the ball hitting the arm of Robinson. There is a quick VAR check for a penalty, but nothing is given.
Vitinho has been brilliant on the right for Burnley and is somewhat unlucky not to have a goal or assist to his name. He surges down the wing and steps over the ball to cut inside past a Blades defender before whipping a shot around the post.
BAR! Burnley are searching for their sixth goal. Redmond gets on the end of a corner and flicks a header across the goal. Foderingham dives across to try and reach it, with the ball crashing off the bar.
There will be four minutes of additional time.
Burnley are keeping the ball well in and around the Blades' box. Vitinho and Brownhill combine down the right before possession goes out to Redmond on the edge of the box, but he is unable to get a shot away.
Brownhill is over a free-kick from range, but his strike is saved with ease by Foderingham.
FULL-TIME: BURNLEY 5-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED
Burnley thumped 10-man United 5-0 to secure their first home win in the Premier League this season. The Clarets started the game as they meant to go on, with Rodriguez heading in Taylor's cross from the left inside the first 15 seconds. Bruun Larsen touched down O'Shea's long pass forward before scoring double their lead, with Archer shooting over for the Blades soon after. McBurnie was then given two yellow cards for separate elbows on O'Shea just before the break. The hosts dominated from that point and netted three goals inside seven minutes. Amdouni rushed through two defenders and slotted in his shot to net Burnley's third before setting up Koleosho, who found the near post with his low strike. Captain Brownhill got in on the act and curled in the fifth and final goal. He arrived on the edge of the box and whipped his strike into the corner of the net. Redmond went close late on, but the substitute rattled the bar with his flicked header. Next up, Burnley will look to build on their win when they head to Wolves. As for the Blades, they host Liverpool. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Chelsea and Brighton at Stamford Bridge!
With an upturn in form, things had started to look up for Chelsea in recent weeks. Going into last weekend, they'd lost just one of eight games in competitions (W5 D2), with that run including a 1-0 win over Brighton in the EFL Cup in late September. They followed it up last weekend with a heavy 4-1 defeat at Newcastle United. Mauricio Pochettino will be hoping his team can bounce back today and turn around their home form as they've won just one of their last 14 Premier League games at Stamford Bridge which came against promoted Luton Town (3-0).
Brighton come into today on the back of a midweek high having secured their place in the knockout rounds of the Europa League with a 1-0 win over AEK Athens on Thursday. They also ended a run of six without a win in the Premier League last weekend after holding on for a 3-2 over Nottingham Forest. They've enjoyed success in the league against Chelsea in recent years, going unbeaten against them in their last five such meetings (W2 D3), including doing the double over them last season.
CHELSEA STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Robert Sanchez; Axel Disasi, Beniot Badiashile, Thiago Silva, Levi Colwill; Enzo Fernandez, Moises Caicedo; Raheem Sterling, Conor Gallagher, Mykhailo Mudryk; Nicolas Jackson.
CHELSEA SUBS: Lucas Bergstrom, Alfie Gilchrist, Alex Matos, Deivid Washington, Cole Palmer, Noni Madueke, Armando Broja, Ian Maatsen, Dorde Petrovic.
BRIGHTON STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Jason Steele; Joel Veltman, Jan-Paul van Hecke, Igor Julio, Jack Hinshelwood; Carlos Baleba, Billy Gilmour; Facundo Buonanotte, Adam Lallana, Simon Adingra; Evan Ferguson.
BRIGHTON SUBS: Mark O'Mahony, James Milner, Kaoru Mitoma, Benicio Baker-Boaitey, Bart Verbruggen, Joao Pedro, Jakub Moder, Leigh Kavanagh, Pascal Gross.
Pochettino makes four changes from the loss to Newcastle last Saturday, as Disasi, Colwill, Caicedo and Mudryk all come into the side. Reece James was sent off in that game, while Marc Cucurella picked up his fifth booking of the season, so they're both suspended. Palmer drops to the bench, while Lesley Ugochukwu isn't in the squad.
Roberto De Zerbi makes five changes to his team after their win over AEK Athens on Thursday. Steele starts in goal, with Van Hecke, Baleba, Buonanotte and Lallana also being brought in. Verbruggen, Gross, Mitoma and Pedro start on the bench, while Lewis Dunk serves the first game of his suspension after being sent off against Forest last weekend.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Jackson gets the game under way for Chelsea!
Brighton do well to win it back in midfield and quickly counter, though Adingra can't get into the box. Ferguson is nudged off the ball by Badiashile, but it rolls towards Adingra again, who is wiped out by Sanchez. After a quick VAR check, there's no penalty.
Brighton have made a bright start to this game and they're putting Chelsea under some early pressure. Veltman links up well with Buonanotte down the right, but Silva reacts quickly to stop him from cutting inside.
It's better from Chelsea here as Sterling holds off Hinshelwood long enough to play a reverse pass down the left for Jackson. He isn't strong enough though, and Julio is able to clear the danger for Brighton.
Gallagher sweeps it out to Sterling, who plays a one-two with Jackson to lose his marker so he can square a low cross into the box. He's looking for Mudryk at the far post, but doesn't get enough on it, and Baleba intercepts.
Brighton have failed to score in eight of their 10 away games against Chelsea in all competitions, including a 1-0 defeat already this season in the EFL Cup.
Chelsea do well to pass it out from the back around Brighton's high press, but Sterling is tripped by Hinshelwood to win a free-kick. The Blues take it short, but it comes to nothing as Mudryk loses the ball when it gets to him.
Brighton are struggling to keep hold of the ball in the final third, with their attacks fizzling out and turning into Chelsea breaks. Sterling leads the latest charge and has options ahead of him, but can't pick any of them out.
Sterling makes another surging run down the right, and he has the beating of Hinshelwood once more. He loops a cross into the far post, but it's just behind Mudryk.
FERNANDEZ SCORES! Brighton are caught out from a corner, which is swung deep into Badiashile at the far post by Gallagher. He has Hinshelwood tight to him as well as his back to goal, but he improvises, volleying it over his shoulder. Fernandez is unmarked at the far post, and he nods in from close range. 1-0 Chelsea!
It's good work by Badiashile, who could've looked to Mudryk, who was making a supporting run down the left. Instead, he picks out a good cross himself.
BLOCK! Brighton just can't get out of their own half at the moment, and Jackson's darting run down the left has the visitors scrambling back into their box. He clips it in from the byline, but Van Hecke blocks it just ahead of Fernandez.
CHANCE! Chelsea have the feel for it now, and it's back with Sterling down the right side. He fizzes a low cross into the six-yard box, but Baleba slides in to deflect it just wide of the near post.
COLWILL SCORES! It's another corner that has Brighton scrambling, and again, it's swung deep to the far post. Jackson peels away from Julio to nod it back into the mix and Colwill rises highest to thump a header on goal. It originally looks like Gilmour manages to clear it off the line, but the referee's watch buzzes, and the Brighton midfielder didn't do it in time. 2-0 Chelsea!
Julio couldn't even get off the floor as the corner was hung into the far post, but Jackson was alert and backpedalled to head it back into the crowd in the six-yard box.
De Zerbi is pacing in his technical area, and he'll have concerns about how those two goals were conceded. Brighton are pushing upfield at the moment, but they don't seem to know what to do when they get into the final third.
Adingra wins a free-kick through the middle and Gilmour clips it into the box. Silva only half clears it, but Hinshelwood rushes in to try and keep it alive, only to lift it out of play under pressure from Caicedo.
There's a very nervy moment at the back for Chelsea as Sanchez is far too casual when Fernandez knocks it back to him. The ball skims off his foot and rolls towards his net, but the keeper reacts quickly to prevent the own goal.
Colwill makes a driving run through midfield and Van Hecke tries to block the path, getting a kick in the process. He stays down, but gets back to his feet after a little while without needing treatment.
Gallagher is late getting across to Buonanotte and crashes into the youngster with a clumsy challenge. He picks up the first booking of the game.
Gallagher gives away another free-kick in midfield, and Gilmour lifts it long into the box once more. It's another comfortable clearance for Chelsea though, who look very at ease in this game.
Chelsea look like they want it more in midfield, and their high press is causing Brighton all sorts of problems. Fernandez turns possession over once more, only to overhit the throughball into Jackson.
Lallana is a little sloppy with his first-time pass into Baleba, and Jackson is sniffing around him. The Chelsea forward threatens to break, but Baleba recovers well to stop him from getting over the halfway line.
Chelsea almost get over-confident playing out from the back, and Fernandez is caught on the ball inside his own box. He just about manages to poke it back to Sanchez, who gets lucky that his own pass out to Disasi isn't cut out by Lallana.
WIDE! Mudryk gets away from Veltman with a lovely turn before bursting forward to the edge of the box. He has a quick glance up before fizzing a pacy low shot just wide of the far post.
Brighton have won a lot of similarly positioned free-kicks in midfield, but they haven't been able to take advantage of them. Buonanotte takes this one, but just like Gilmour before him, he can't pick out a team-mate in the area.
BUONANOTTE PULLS ONE BACK! And what a way to do it! Adingra stretches to keep the ball for Brighton, and Lallana just as quickly helps it onto Buonanotte. He checks back, wrongfooting Colwill, before curling a delightful strike out of Sanchez's reach and into the far side of the net. 2-1!
Lallana has space and time, but he chooses to get it out of his feet quickly to give Buonanotte a better chance.
WHAT A SAVE! Straight from the restart, Chelsea want to restore their two-goal cushion and Mudryk surges down the left before sending his cross into the box. It deflects off Julio's trailing leg, and Steele is at full stretch to tip it away.
GALLAGHER IS OFF! After such a strong start to the game, things are going downhill for Chelsea! Gilmour was racing away through the middle and Gallagher made up a lot of ground to get to him. The ball is already out of his reach, and he clumsily brings down the Scotsman. It earns him his second yellow card, and for the second game in a row, Chelsea are down to 10 men!
Unsurprisingly, that red card has just tipped the momentum in Brighton's favour and they're putting Chelsea under pressure already. The Seagulls are pushing numbers forward and manage to win a corner out of it, but it comes to nothing.
Chelsea clear their lines after Brighton's latest attack, and Sterling has space to run down the right. He plays it into Fernandez, continuing down the wing, only to stray offside when it comes to him.
WIDE! Ferguson peels out to the left and drops a shoulder to wrongfoot Disasi before fizzing a low shot on goal from a long way out. A touch from one of his team-mates would've taken it past Sanchez, but instead, it rolls wide of the far post.
Hinshelwood has been struggling to cope with Sterling's threat down the right, and he just nudges the winger off the ball this time, picking up a yellow card.
HALF-TIME: CHELSEA 2-1 BRIGHTON.
Chelsea take a 2-1 lead over Brighton into half-time, but face a tough second half with only 10 men. It was a perfect start for the Blues, who dominated for most of the first half. It was two corners that caught out Brighton, with Fernandez heading in his first-ever Premier League goal from close range, before Colwill netted his first Chelsea goal with a thumping header. The Seagulls started to grow into the game, and Buonanotte pulled one back with a wonderful curling finish before Steele pulled off a marvellous save at the other end. The Chelsea captain, Gallagher, was then sent off for his second yellow card offence.
Pochettino won't be able to believe what's happened - his side looked to be in total control, but within two minutes at the end of the half, things flipped on their head. He knows it won't be easy to protect a lead against this Brighton side, especially with 10 men. De Zerbi won't be happy about the goals they conceded, but he can have no complaints about how they reacted. He'll know this game is there for the taking in the second half.
Brighton get us back under way for the second half!
Andingra weaves this way and that, only to overrun the ball out of play at the byline. Sanchez goes long from the resulting free-kick to pick out Sterling, but Van Hecke brilliantly cuts out his throughball into Jackson.
Brighton have started the second half on the front foot and are pushing Chelsea back into their own half. Baleba is allowed to carry the ball a long way, and decides to try his luck from range, but Sanchez gets down to hold it.
Caicedo steps across Ferguson to stop his run and immediately protests against the free-kick. His reaction gets him a booking for dissent.
Fernandez has scored his first Premier League goal in his 31st appearance and from his 43rd shot in the competition. Before today. he'd attempted more shots than any player without a goal in the competition this season (22).
CHANCE! Buonanotte's header is blocked for a corner, and Chelsea can't clear their lines from the resulting set-piece. Adingra hangs in a cross for Lallana, who spins and scuffs a volley on goal, but he sends it wide.
De Zerbi is making a quadruple change as his side continue to search for an equaliser. Buonanotte has had a good game, and he goes off for Mitoma.
Hinshelwood, on the other hand, has struggled at times up against Sterling, and he's replaced by Milner.
And Gross gets the captain's armband as he's brought on for Baleba.
Julio catches Mudryk with a late foul as he tries to stop him from breaking, and he goes into the book.
Lallana is also taken off, with Pedro on for him.
Fernandez isn't happy when a Brighton player isn't booked for a challenge on Caicedo. He picks up his own yellow card for dissent.
PENALTY? Jackson's layoff to Mudryk is perfectly-weighted, but his first touch shows too much of it to Milner. He nudges the Ukrainian out of the way to see it back to Steele, and Chelsea are claiming they should have a spot-kick.
After a long look at all of the angles, the referee is asked to go over to the monitor to have another look at the incident. At first, it looked like Milner just nudged Mudryk off the ball, but he was clumsy, clipping the Ukrainian's heels, and he could be in trouble.
PENALTY TO CHELSEA! After having another look at the incident, referee Craig Pawson comes back onto the pitch, and much to Chelsea's delight, points to the spot!
Gross is protesting Milner's innocence for him, and the Brighton captain talks his way into a booking.
Milner is also shown a yellow card for his challenge on Mudryk that led to the penalty.
FERNANDEZ SCORES AGAIN! After a long wait for a Premier League goal, the Argentinian now has two in one game! He had the ball in his hands before the penalty was awarded and coolly steps up now. He takes a long run-up before stroking it down the right side of the goal, leaving Steele no chance as he dives the wrong way. 3-1 Chelsea!
Pochettino is making his first change of the game now that the two-goal cushion is restored. Sterling is taken off, with Palmer on for him.
Brighton are still throwing bodies forward in an attempt to cut the scoreline down once more. Adingra is afforded so much space down the right, and sees Mitoma in a similar position on the left, but he overhits the cross.
Adingra's latest cross is blocked by Badiashile, and Pedro keeps it alive, though he fouls Fernandez in the process. The referee doesn't immediately award the foul, so Gilmour takes aim from range, but it's blocked by Silva.
Chelsea are making another change here. Jackson, who only managed one shot in this game, and he's replaced by Maatsen.
Brighton are dominating possession at the moment, but they're still struggling to get in behind Chelsea. The Seagulls are trying to use their wide players, with Gross threading it forward for Pedro, but he's caught on his heels.
Again, Brighton have numbers in the box, but they can't make them count. Adingra chooses to go short instead of curling a cross into the crowd, and his pull back to Gilmour is cleared by Fernandez.
After soaking up Brighton's pressure, Chelsea move it upfield quickly, with Palmer picking out Caicedo in space just outside the D. He takes aim from distance, but doesn't trouble Steele as he fires it over.
CHANCE! It looks like the chance is gone for Brighton when Gross lets it run, but Pedro just about manages to keep it alive. He spreads it out to Milner on the left, who picks out Adingra at the far post, but his header is so poor, he picks out the substitute once more.
Mudryk went down, and after a quick bit of treatment, Pochettino decides not to take a risk. He's taken off, with Broja on in his place.
Mitoma is starting to impose himself down the left a little more now, and he holds off Disasi as he makes another bursting run down the left. He picks out Pedro at the far post, but his thumping header is straight at Sanchez.
Brighton's final roll of the dice sees 19-year-old Baker-Boaitey come on in place of Julio.
SAVE! Fernandez just steps on Pedro's foot, and even though it's soft, Brighton have a free-kick in a good position. Gross curls his shot over the wall, but Sanchez has it covered as he holds onto it.
Ferguson gets the ball caught under his feet, but Silva can't get enough on his clearance. It bobbles out to Gross on the edge of the box, but his low shot is held by Sanchez again.
Sanchez is starting to dawdle on the ball, and the referee has had enough as he books him for time-wasting.
GREAT SAVE! Brighton are flooding forward into Chelsea's box, but Gross decides to have another go from range. He curls his shot through the crowd and it's sneaking into the far post until Sanchez tips it wide.
WIDE! Into the first of 10 added minutes here and the corner is whipped into the box. Chelsea have practically everyone back in their box, and Silva just manages to get in the way of Pedro's header to give away another corner.
PEDRO PULLS ANOTHER ONE BACK! Brighton's pressure finally pays off! It's a great delivery from Milner on the corner and he clips it into the near post, where Pedro rises highest. He flicks his header on, and Sanchez has no chance as it skims into the far side of his net. 3-2, but can Brighton get another one with eight minutes still to go?
It's the best delivery that Brighton have put into the box in this game, and it gets turned into the back of the net by Pedro's equally good header.
Broja goes over the top of Baker-Boaitey trying to win an aerial challenge, and he's come out of it with his nose bleeding. He needs patching up but initially refuses to go off until the referee forces the issue.
There are so many bodies in Chelsea's six-yard box as Milner swings another corner into the box. This one misses everyone in the middle, and though Adingra keeps it in play on the far side, it's caught by Sanchez.
SAVE! Still, Brighton push for an equaliser, and they look to their right again as Gross gets a yard on Badiashile. The German pulls it back to Ferguson, who improvises with a clever backheel flick, but there's no power on it and Sanchez holds on.
SAVE! There's still a couple of minutes to go in this tie, but Chelsea are standing firm for now. Pedro drops back to the edge of the box to get the ball before drilling a low shot on goal, but Sanchez gets down to hold this one too.
PENALTY TO BRIGHTON! In the dying seconds, Brighton have a major lifeline! Or do they? Adingra whips a cross in from the right, and Colwill's arm is level with his head. The penalty is given for a handball, but it looks like it actually hits him in the face. This might get overturned....
NO PENALTY! After watching the replays of the penalty and seeing that it clearly smacks Colwill in the side of the head, the referee decides to overturn his original decision, and it's actually a drop ball to Chelsea, much to Brighton's disbelief.
Brighton are adamant that they either should've had a free-kick for a foul on Gross earlier in the move, or a corner for his blocked cross. Neither is given, and Pedro is booked for dissent.
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 3-2 BRIGHTON.
Ten-man Chelsea hold on to get a vital home win as they beat Brighton 3-2. The Blues made a perfect start to the game, with two corners causing Brighton all sorts of problems. Fernandez headed in his first Premier League goal from the first, while Colwill thumped in his first Chelsea goal to double their tally. That lead was halved just before the break, with Buonanotte curling in a wonderful strike before Gallagher received his second yellow card. Fernandez got his second of the game in the 65th minute from the spot after Milner fouled Mudryk, and it took Brighton until stoppage time to pull back another, with Pedro flicking it in at the near post. In the dying moments, the referee awarded a spot-kick to the Seagulls for handball, but it was overturned by VAR. It's a win that lifts Chelsea into 10th, and they'll be hoping to build some momentum off this as they travel to Manchester United on Wednesday. Brighton stay in eighth, with Brentford at home next up for them. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Liverpool and Fulham at Anfield.
The hosts have their sights firmly set on a first Premier League title since the 2019-20 campaign after a superb start, one that has them heading into this game in third. They will move to within two points of leaders Arsenal with a win here, and they will fancy their chances considering their impressive home record of late, winning all 10 of their games at Anfield in all competitions this season.
The visitors picked up a much-needed win at home to Wolves on Monday, their first victory in five Premier League games. However, positive results for Everton and Burnley on Saturday mean Fulham could do with another win here to extend the gap to the relegation zone to 11 points.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Caoimhin Kelleher; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Joel Matip, Virgil van Dijk, Konstantinos Tsimikas; Dominik Szoboszlai, Alexis Mac Allister, Ryan Gravenberch; Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez, Luis Diaz.
SUBS: Wataru Endo, Joe Gomez, Ibrahima Konate, Curtis Jones, Cody Gakpo, Adrian, Jarell Quansah, Harvey Elliott, Ben Doak.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Kenny Tete, Calvin Bassey, Tim Ream, Antonee Robinson; Harrison Reed, Joao Palhinha; Alex Iwobi, Andreas Pereira, Harry Wilson; Raul Jimenez.
SUBS: Timothy Castagne, Willian, Sasa Lukic, Tom Cairney, Fode Ballo-Toure, Carlos Vinicius, Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Tosin Adarabioyo, Marek Rodak.
Jurgen Klopp makes six changes from the 4-0 thumping of LASK in midweek that secured Liverpool's place in the Europa League knockout stages, with three of those coming in his backline. Matip, Van Dijk and Alexander-Arnold come in for Quansah, Konate and Gomez, while Szoboszlai and Mac Allister return for Endo and Elliott. Nunez is preferred to Gakpo up top, despite the Dutchman netting twice in the LASK win.
Marco Silva makes three alterations to his starting XI from the Wolves victory, with a couple of those changes perhaps surprising given their performances in that game. Cairney and Willian both impressed, the latter scoring twice from the spot, yet they drop to the bench for Palhinha and Wilson. The other change sees Tete come in for Castagne at right-back.
The two sets of players make their way into the cauldron of noise that is Anfield, and we are now just moments away from kick-off.
The visitors kick us off and we are under way on Merseyside!
The first chance of the game falls to Diaz as a clever spin takes him away from Bassey, though his eventual shot is at a nice height for Leno, who makes a comfortable save.
Liverpool have lost just one of their last 10 Premier League games against Fulham (seven wins, two draws), a 1-0 home loss in March 2021.
Fulham are making sure to get bodies behind the ball when Liverpool have possession, and this could prove a frustrating outing for the hosts if they just go through the motions.
NO GOAL! Fulham hearts are temporarily in mouths as Leno spills Szoboszlai's shot straight into the path of Diaz. The Colombia international manages to nudge the ball past the goalkeeper before Salah turns home, but the flag immediately goes up for offside to curtail the celebrations. There is a VAR check, though that confirms the on-field decision and it remains 0-0!
Leno is down and seemingly in a lot of pain after that incident that led to the disallowed goal. Silva may be forced into an early change between the sticks.
Leno is still down receiving treatment, and it seems the former Arsenal man has a problem with his head after that coming-together with Diaz. Rodak is on the touchline warming up.
Despite the lengthy treatment, Leno is going to try and play on here with a bandage around his head. Liverpool will be looking to test him as quickly as they can.
The delay for Leno to be treated has taken the momentum out of the game, with both teams struggling to get back into their full attacking flow since the restart.
Szoboszlai is brought down around 30 yards out from goal, and the likes of Alexander-Arnold and Salah will be fancying their chances of hitting the target from here.
GOOOAAALLL!!!! LIVERPOOL LEAD THROUGH AN OWN GOAL!!! Alexander-Arnold has so much quality with that wand of a right foot, and he uses every bit of it on this stunning free-kick. He arrows it over the wall before the ball kisses the underside of the crossbar and goes in off Leno's back, putting Liverpool 1-0 up at Anfield!
It is absolutely vital for the visitors that they do not concede another goal in the next couple of minutes, or this could end up being a really long outing. Liverpool are knocking the ball out superbly and look full of confidence now.
GOOOAAALLL!!!! WILSON LEVELS!!! That lead didn't last very long! Iwobi slips a nice pass into the path of Robinson, who fires a low first-time cross into the danger area. Wilson is there to turn home, poking through the legs of Kelleher to score against his former club and make it 1-1!
Robinson's delivery was drilled in, and Wilson just had to get the slightest of touches on it to divert into the back of the net.
That goal came from out of nowhere really, with Fulham yet to trouble Liverpool at all until equalising. That should give the visitors hope they can come away with a shock result here.
Tsimikas whips a free-kick delivery into the Fulham box, but Matip cannot find the target with his header and it bounces away harmlessly for a goal-kick.
Liverpool have now scored in their last 24 Premier League games. They rarely fail to find the back of the net.
Robinson strides forward from left-back before letting fly, though his shot takes a deflection off Matip and goes behind for a corner. Silva will be encouraged by how his team have grown into this contest.
A corner causes havoc in the Fulham box, sitting up nicely for Van Dijk to lash goalwards. However, Wilson does brilliantly to race out to the Liverpool man and block his fierce effort before the visitors eventually scramble away.
Fulham have scored just four goals in 16 Premier League away games against Liverpool, and never more than once in a match. It's the lowest goals-per-game ratio (0.25) of any team to play more than 10 away games against an opponent in the competition, though they have already bettered that here.
GOOOAAALLL!!!! MAC ALLISTER SCORES A STUNNER!!! A loose Jimenez header needlessly gives away possession, and Mac Allister looks to catch out Leno by shooting early. He does exactly that, and from all of 30 yards out, the ball finds its way into the top corner as Mac Allister puts the hosts 2-1 ahead with another brilliant goal!
Fulham will be relatively pleased with their defensive efforts, yet they find themselves behind because of two exquisite goals. That is the problem you face sometimes when going up against a side with Liverpool's quality.
As we close in on half-time, Silva will be desperate for his side to make it to the interval just the one goal behind. They have acquitted themselves well so far, though that could change if Liverpool find another goal before the break.
There will be nine minutes of additional time at the end of this first half, in large part due to the lengthy break for Leno to receive treatment early on.
GOOOAAALLL!!! TETE MAKES IT 2-2!!! A corner from the left comes in, and Jimenez manages to flick it on to Tete behind him. The right-back improvises by swinging his right boot at it, and Kelleher cannot keep the ball out as it goes into the back of the net. The flag initially goes up for offside, but after a lengthy VAR check, the decision is reversed and Fulham can celebrate as they level on the stroke of half-time!
Silva's men are looking eager to try and get their noses in front for the first time in this game. They are the side pressing now.
NO GOAL!!! Liverpool again fail to deal with a corner as Palhinha rises highest to nod Pereira's delivery goalwards. Kelleher gets down to his right to make the save, but he pushes the ball straight into the path of the incoming Ream, who prods into the back of the net. However, the flag again goes up for offside, and this time the decision stands as it remains 2-2!
Since a 1-0 defeat to Fulham at Anfield in March 2021, which was the sixth consecutive league defeat suffered by the Reds on home soil, Liverpool have lost just one of their last 48 Premier League matches at Anfield (37 wins, 10 draws) – a 2-1 loss to Leeds United in October 2022.
Salah can score his 200th Liverpool goal in this game, and he tests Leno with a low shot. The angle was always against him, and the Fulham goalkeeper is able to make the save.
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 2-2 FULHAM
The half-time whistle blows to bring a pulsating first half to an end with the scoreline 2-2 at Anfield. Liverpool have twice led through stunning goals, the first of which came from Alexander-Arnold with 20 minutes gone, arrowing a superb free-kick in off the bar and then Leno to hand the hosts the lead. They would be pegged back just four minutes later, Robinson firing in a low cross which was turned home by Wilson against his former club. Liverpool would regain the lead through Mac Allister, who struck from all of 30 yards out with an incredible finish. However, the visitors would again level before the break, Jimenez nodding the ball on to Tete, who poked past Kelleher and in to send the teams back to the changing rooms at two apiece.
Silva will be encouraged by his team's performance in that half. So many teams go a goal down at Anfield and crumble, but Silva's men are made of stronger stuff and could even have gone into the break ahead, had Ream's disallowed goal stood moments before half-time. For Klopp, Arsenal's win on Saturday means three points is imperative here, and he will be looking for his players to ramp up the pressure following half-time.
The hosts get the ball rolling again for the second half.
This is the the first time Liverpool have both scored and conceded two or more goals in the first half of a Premier League game at Anfield since September 2020 against Leeds, and the first time Fulham did so home or away in the division since October 2018 at Cardiff.
Both sides have picked up where they left off in the first half, throwing plenty of bodies forward in their pursuit of the fifth goal in this game.
Szoboszlai fires goalwards from 25 yards out, but his dipping shot ends up flying well wide of the left post. He will be disappointed with that effort.
OFF THE BAR!!! Liverpool fly forward on the counter-attack, and Salah slides a throughball into the path of Nunez in the Fulham box. The Uruguay international races onto it before letting fly, but the ball cannons back off the crossbar before Fulham scramble clear.
Diaz cuts onto his right foot before curling goalwards, but his shot is straight down the throat of Leno, who makes an easy save. Liverpool have started this second half brightly, though so far Fulham are surviving.
Fulham have won none of their last six away Premier League games (three draws, three defeats), though their last win was on Merseyside in August, a 1-0 win at Everton. Indeed, Fulham have won four of their last five away league games against Everton and Liverpool, having only won one of their first 55 such visits in league football beforehand.
Diaz again fires straight at Leno, and the Colombia international will be disappointed not to have worked the goalkeeper more in this game having scored against LASK in midweek.
Nunez has hit the woodwork five times this season. That's over twice as often as any other Premier League player (15 players have hit it two times).
CHANCE! Salah manages to nudge a deft header towards Nunez in the Fulham box, but the striker skews his shot and the ball bounces harmlessly wide of the target. It has just not quite happened for Nunez so far in this game.
Having scored against his former team earlier, Wilson makes way for Cairney in Silva's first substitution.
Pereira has created three of Fulham's five chances, but he is now replaced by Willian. The former Arsenal man will be looking to find the back of the net again here having done so twice in the win over Wolves.
Klopp also looks to his bench, first opting to bring on Gakpo for Szoboszlai, who did not have his best game.
Klopp also decides to bring on Gomez for Mac Allister, which surely means Alexander-Arnold will move into midfield, with the substitute slotting in at right-back.
Matip has a problem here, and Klopp may be forced into another change with the centre-back down and clutching at his knee.
Matip's game is indeed over, and he limps off for Konate.
Gravenberch opts to go for an ambitious long-range strike, but it proves to be a poor decision as his shot is straight at Leno, who makes the save.
Liverpool have produced 18 shots compared to Fulham's seven, yet their xG (expected goals) tally of 1.04 is only slightly higher than the visitors' (1).
Silva again looks to his substitutes, bringing on De Cordova-Reid for Iwobi to freshen up their attack.
Tete also makes way having levelled for Fulham in first-half added time. Castagne is on in his place.
Reed looks a little shaken up after a challenge in midfield, though the Fulham man will try and soldier on.
Willian slides a throughball into the path of Robinson, though Kelleher gets down well to make the save before scooping up the ball to prevent any lurking Fulham attackers turning home.
GOOOAAALLL!!! FULHAM LEAD FOR THE FIRST TIME!!! Are we in for a huge shock at Anfield? Cairney dinks an inviting ball towards the back post, where De Cordova-Reid does brilliantly to leap over Tsimikas and nod into the back of the net! Klopp will be fuming with the defending, as the visitors go 3-2 up!
Cairney links up with his fellow substitute, lofting a brilliant delivery over for De Cordova-Reid to power home a header.
Having twice led, Liverpool now find themselves behind at Anfield. This could be a huge blow to their hopes of lifting the Premier League title, and Klopp will be desperate to see a response from his team.
Klopp responds to Fulham's third goal by bringing on Endo for Gravenberch in midfield.
BIG CHANCE! Salah spurns a golden opportunity for his 200th Liverpool goal and a leveller. Diaz nods goalwards from a corner, and Leno can only parry into the path of Salah at the back post. The Egypt international shoots from a difficult angle, but the ball flies over the crossbar, much to Fulham's relief.
Klopp's men are starting to ramp up the pressure now as they seek a way back into this game. Fulham could be in for a nervy last couple of minutes.
GOOOAAALLL!!! ENDO MAKES IT 3-3!!! That is exactly the type of impact Klopp will have wanted from his substitutes as Endo fires home. Salah lays it off to the midfielder on the edge of the box, and Endo places into the top right corner, giving Leno no chance and equalising for Liverpool. Can they go on and win this now?
Salah's layoff was perfectly weighted for Endo to fire home.
GOOOAAALLL!!! ALEXANDER-ARNOLD MAKES IT 4-3!!! REMARKABLE!!! How quickly can your fortunes change in football? Having been behind just moments ago, Liverpool now lead thanks to Alexander-Arnold's fine finish. Gakpo sees a shot saved, but Fulham cannot clear their lines and the ball comes out to Alexander-Arnold. The 25-year-old brings it down before rifling into the bottom left corner to spark wild celebrations at Anfield!
Tsimikas nudged the ball back for Alexander-Arnold to fire Liverpool in front.
Silva reacts to the rapid turnaround by bringing on Vinicius for Reed in an attacking change.
We are into seven minutes of additional time. Will there still be more late drama to come? Given the way this game has gone, it would come as no surprise!
Liverpool are looking to keep the ball now as the seconds tick down on what would be a hugely satisfying victory.
Fulham are struggling to get hold of possession at the minute, and Liverpool are doing a much better job of seeing the game out than the one Fulham did.
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 4-3 FULHAM
The full-time whistle blows to bring a quite remarkable game to an end, as Liverpool take the spoils with a 4-3 triumph at Anfield. They were twice pegged back in the first half, with Alexander-Arnold's exquisite free-kick opener that went in off Leno's back cancelled out by Wilson, before Tete levelled on the stroke of half-time after Mac Allister had put Liverpool back in front with another great strike. Fulham then got their noses in front for the first time with 10 minutes to play, De Cordova-Reid powering a header home to put the visitors on the verge of a shock away win. Things would all go wrong for Silva's men, though, and Endo came off the bench to level before Alexander-Arnold sparked jubilant celebrations as he lashed home for the eventual winner. That could prove to be a vital comeback victory for Liverpool, as they move to within two points of leaders Arsenal at the Premier League summit. For Fulham, they remain just eight points above the bottom three. They will look to bounce back when they host Nottingham Forest on Wednesday, while Liverpool will travel to take on struggling Sheffield United the same day, looking to continue their great form. That is all we have from Anfield, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Manchester City and Tottenham at the Etihad Stadium!
City have the chance to close the gap at the top of the league back to one point with a win here after Arsenal's victory over Wolves yesterday. The Citizens are unbeaten in eight matches in all competitions (W6 D2), but have drawn their last two Premier League games, dropping leads against both Chelsea and Liverpool, with the latter bringing an end to their 23-game winning run at the Etihad. They come into today on the back of a win though, coming from 2-0 down to beat RB Leipzig 3-2 and claim top spot in their Champions League group.
Spurs were flying high after 10 matchdays, sitting top of the table after a stellar unbeaten start to the season. Since then, they've lost three on the bounce, taking the lead in all of those matches only to come away with no points. It's a run that's seen them drop to sixth in the table, but a win here would move them level on points with today's opponents. Spurs have the best winning record against Pep Guardiola's City, winning six of their meetings, however, only one of those victories has come at the Etihad - a 3-2 win in February 2022.
MANCHESTER CITY STARTING XI (3-2-4-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Ruben Dias, Josko Gvardiol; Rodrigo, Manuel Akanji; Phil Foden, Julian Alvarez, Bernardo Silva, Jeremy Doku; Erling Haaland.
MANCHESTER CITY SUBS: Stefan Ortega, Rico Lewis, Mateo Kovacic, John Stones, Oscar Bobb, Jack Grealish, Nathan Ake, Kalvin Phillips, Sergio Gomez.
TOTTENHAM STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Emerson Royal, Ben Davies, Destiny Udogie; Yves Bissouma, Giovani Lo Celso; Brenna Johnson, Dejan Kulusevski, Bryan Gil; Son Heung-Min.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Yago Alonso, Fraser Forster, Jamie Donley, Alfie Dorrington, Alejo Veliz, Pierre Emile-Hojbjerg, Oliver Skipp, Richarlison, Brandon Austin.
Guardiola makes three changes to the side that came back to win against Leipzig on Tuesday. Ederson is back in goal, with Doku and Alvarez coming in to join the front line. Ortega, Lewis and Grealish drop to the bench, where Stones and Kovacic are also named after recovering from injury.
Ange Postecoglou makes just one change from their loss to Aston Villa last weekend, and it's an enforced one. Bentancur picked up an ankle injury in that game, so he's out, but Bissouma is back from suspension to replace him. They're still without a recognised centre-back, as Emerson and Davies are paired up again.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Silva gets the game under way for City!
City are enjoying all of the early possession here, and Doku manages to find space down the left to drive into. He's looking to pull it back to Alvarez, but Porro's interception takes it out for a corner.
Ederson comes out of his box to help City start playing it out from the back, but he's quickly chased down by Son. The keeper clears his lines in time, and the hosts do well to pass their way through the high press.
GOOD SAVE! Doku is already causing problems down the left side, and he gets the better of Porro to drill a low shot at Vicario's near post. The keeper gets down to smother it.
SON SCORES! From a City corner, Spurs break upfield at lightning-quick speed. Kulusevski plays an early throughball around the back of Doku, who didn't realise that Son was behind him. The Spurs captain holds off the Belgian to take it into the box before firing his shot through Ederson and into the back of the net. 1-0 Spurs!
It's a wonderful throughball from Kulusevski to cut the lines wide open for Spurs, and it caused a lot of confusion for Doku, who thought he had it covered.
City don't want to be behind for long and they quickly work it upfield before Silva wins a free-kick on the right after he's clipped by Lo Celso.
OWN GOAL! How quickly things can change! It's a brilliant whipped delivery from Alvarez on the free-kick and Haaland gets the deftest of flicks on it at the front of the crowd. Emerson swings a leg at it and misses, and Son is behind him. It bounces off the captain's thigh and into the back of the net before Vicario can react. 1-1!
It's been a rollercoaster of a game for Son already, and there's only 11 minutes on the clock. He's bearing down on Ederson, trying to rush the keeper into making a mistake, but again the Brazilian coolly clears his lines.
SAVE! Spurs are all over the place at the back as City just up the pace once more. Foden cuts inside from the right before taking aim, and Emerson swings out a leg to block it. It bounces to Silva, and Vicario smothers his shot from a tight angle.
WHAT A MISS! Spurs are caught in possession deep in their own half, and Silva quickly squares it into Haaland, who is unmarked in the middle. He takes on the shot first-time, dragging it just wide of the far post to everybody's disbelief.
Gvardiol gets in on the action by carrying the ball a long way down the left before curling in his cross. Haaland is a little sloppy with his first touch so he can't get a shot away, but he does manage to keep the attack alive.
BLOCK! Spurs just can't clear their lines at the moment, and Lo Celso gets caught on the ball on the edge of the D. Silva doesn't have space to shoot so dinks it into Haaland, and his shot is blocked by Bissouma.
After soaking up another spell of City pressure, Spurs are patiently trying to play out from the back. Up against the hosts' high press, they're struggling though, and they can't get over the halfway line.
Porro's cross is headed into the ground by Haaland, and that allows Gil to keep it alive. He touches it onto Johnson, who quickly wins another Spurs corner, but this one is cleared by Akanji.
CHANCE! Lo Celso sweeps it out to Johnson on the right, and he bursts past Gvardiol to get into the box before drilling in a low cross. He's looking for Son in the middle, but Dias slides in to deflect it just wide of the near post.
Son's goal was his 50th on the road in the Premier League. He's only the second Spurs player to score 50+ away goals in the competition for the club after Harry Kane (scored 112).
City get caught playing out from the back once more as Silva plays a loose pass into Dias. Gil pounces on it, and Spurs get a corner from it as Silva holds his hand up in apology.
OFF THE BAR! Doku has been a bright spark for City since the first whistle, and he makes another bursting run down the left. When he's lost Porro, he cuts inside, firing a powerful shot over Vicario that rattles the underside of the bar before bouncing out off the inside of the far post.
FODEN SCORES! City have turned this game around! It's a wonderful team goal that starts with Emerson's sloppy clearance. City knock it around Spurs with a series of one-touch passes, and it's worked through Haaland, Doku and Alvarez before it comes to Foden. He has time to take a touch before firing it past Vicario at his near post. 2-1 City!
Alvarez was afforded too much space down the left of City's box, and he doesn't even need to glance up, knowing Foden is following in to the near post.
BLOCK! Doku is left in a pile on the floor, but the referee plays the advantage to City as Foden comes away with it. He fizzes a dangerous low cross into the six-yard box, and Davies slides in to block it ahead of Alvarez.
It's a late one from Rodri on Porro as he slides in, getting none of the ball. He's not happy to see he's getting a yellow card though.
OFF THE POST! Spurs are caught in possession again, and Akanji slides it forward for Alvarez. After seeing no support, he chooses to go it alone, and his skidding low shot skims the far post.
MISS! Haaland misses another great chance! Silva trips in the box, but he still manages to stretch past Davies to tee up Haaland. He rushes the shot knowing that Davies is sliding in, and he blazes it high over the bar into the stands.
Udogie gets nowhere near the ball as he clips the back of Foden's heels to take him out. He goes into the referee's book.
It's poor defending from Spurs, who are choosing to sit back instead of closing down City's attacking players. They give Doku too much room to pick out another cross, but luckily, Foden can't pick out a team-mate when he recycles it.
Porro drops off as Doku pushes forward once more, but he hits this cross against Emerson's shins. Rodri follows in to keep it alive, only to trip over the ball on the edge of the box.
All of City's attacks are coming down the left at the moment as Doku cuts inside once more. He drills another low cross into the box just as the offside flag goes up against him.
Into the first of three added minutes here and Spurs are enjoying a spell of possession in their own half. Vicario eventually decides to go long, but Johnson can't keep hold of it under pressure from Dias.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 2-1 TOTTENHAM.
City come from behind to take a 2-1 lead over Spurs into half-time. The visitors couldn't have made a better start, with Son scoring with their first shot of the game following a quick counter-attack. He got the better of Doku before firing through Ederson. Things quickly flipped on their head for the Spurs captain though, as his own goal just three minutes later pulled City level. Doku then fired a powerful shot that bounced off the bar and post before being cleared. Foden put them in front by finishing off a fine team move before Alvarez also struck the foot of the post.
It's a familiar story for Postecoglou as his side took the lead only to find themselves behind. They still have time to fix things here, but they're going to need a much-improved performance in all areas of the pitch. Guardiola will be pleased with how his side reacted, but they could have more goals given the number of chances they created - he'll want to see them be much more clinical after the break.
There's a change at the break for Spurs. Gil, who has struggled to make an impact in this game, goes off for Hojbjerg.
Spurs get us back under way for the second half!
GREAT SAVE! Just 18 seconds into the second half and Vicario has to tip it wide. Haaland cushions it into Silva, who hits the shot first-time with the outside of his boot. It's swerving towards the far corner, but the keeper dives to deny him.
Spurs really need to cut out these mistakes, especially so close to their own goal. Hojbjerg gives the ball away to Silva, but luckily for the midfielder, three defenders get in the way of the strike.
Hojbjerg can't get tight enough to Haaland, and City have another free-kick in a good position through the middle. Alvarez clips it into the box, but it's comfortably cleared by Davies.
City are making their first change of the game now. Doku hasn't been as bright since the start of the second half and appears to be limping as he goes off for Grealish.
SAVE! Johnson has switched out to the left since Gil went off, and he cuts inside to lose Walker before drilling a low shot on goal. It's comfortably saved by Ederson.
Another sloppy pass in midfield sets Grealish away down the left and he clips a pacy cross into the far post. It's just behind Haaland, who awkwardly stretches to reach it, but he can't direct it on target.
Udogie is making good progress down the left when he's penalised for a foul on Foden. The Spurs players aren't happy that it's gone against them and the referee has to get involved to calm some tempers.
There were just 137 seconds between Son putting Spurs 1-0 up and then scoring an own goal in the first half. He's only the second player in Premier League history to score a goal and an own goal in the opening 10 minutes of a game, after Gareth Barry for Aston Villa v Charlton in May 1999.
Grealish slightly moves his arm to block a throughball, and though he's protesting his innocence, he's still shown a yellow card. It's a costly one too, as he'll miss the game against his old club Aston Villa on Wednesday.
SAVE! Spurs switch it out to Lo Celso on the left, and he instantly slides it forward for Udogie to chase. He cuts inside before trying to poke it to Son, who has an empty net to aim for. Ederson smothers it just as the offside flag goes up.
There's another nervy moment at the back for Spurs as Bissouma touches it back to Vicario, with Silva hovering in the box. The keeper hurries his clearance, but luckily, Davies manages to slice it to safety.
Spurs have actually seen more of the ball in the second half, having 61 per cent of the possession so far, but they can't seem to do anything with it. Bissouma does manage to win a corner, but Lo Celso curls it straight into Ederson's gloves.
LO CELSO EQUALISES! It's City caught on the ball this time, as Davies cuts out a throughball to Haaland, and his header picks out Son through the middle. He lays it off to Lo Celso, who checks back before curling his shot towards the near post from the edge of the D. Ederson gets fingertips to it, but can only help it onto the post and in. 2-2!
There was space ahead of Son if he'd wanted to take on a shot himself, but he unselfishly chose to lay it off to Lo Celso instead.
BLOCK! Porro's corner misses everyone in the middle but skims through to Lo Celso on the edge of the box. He lets it bounce before putting his laces through it, and a deflection off Dias takes it wide.
Guardiola is making a change to try and shift the momentum back in his team's favour. The scorer of the second goal, Foden, is taken off for Lewis.
Porro gets too tight to Grealish, taking his legs out from behind. He's the second Spurs player into the book.
WIDE! It's better from City here as they start to move it with pace once more. Lewis darts in behind, taking it to the byline before pulling it back for Rodri. He hits the shot first time, but it swerves just wide of the top corner.
Lo Celso has scored in back-to-back Premier League games, this after only scoring in one of his first 58 appearances in the competition beforehand. Two of his three goals in the competition have come against City (also November 2020).
Lo Celso's game is now over as he's replaced by Skipp.
GREALISH SCORES! City are back in front! It stems from a loose touch by Bissouma in midfield and Rodri latches onto it before threading it forward for Haaland down the right. He squares it into the middle, putting it on a plate for Grealish to guide into the back of the net. 3-2 City!
Haaland's touch in front of goal might not be as good as usual today, but his assist for Grealish is perfectly weighted, and the substitute doesn't have to break stride.
Spurs get it moving quickly from the restart, and they still have the belief they can get something from this game. They're pushing bodies forward, but can't get it into the box at the moment.
Gvardiol slides in and catches Skipp, who had his foot raised to cushion the ball, with a high boot. The defender gives a shake of his head as he's shown a yellow card.
Kulusevski skips his way down the right, only to fire his cross straight against Lewis. The resulting corner is taken short, but this time, it's Lewis that comes out on top as his tackle earns a goal-kick.
There are changes for both sides now, starting with a double one for City. Gvardiol, who is on a booking, makes way for Ake.
And Kovacic comes on to help see out the three points in place of Alvarez.
For Spurs, it's Bissouma that's taken off, with an added goal threat in Richarlison on in his place.
Spurs are still trying to push for a late equaliser, but they just can't keep hold of the ball at the moment. As soon as they cross into City's half, they get sloppy, and Rodri comes away with it this time.
KULUSEVSKI EQUALISES! There was nothing sloppy about that! Skipp pushes his way past two in midfield before Son helps it out to Johnson on the left side. He has nobody marking him and clips a good cross towards the penalty spot, where Kulusevski rises above Ake to get his head on it and loop his effort into the back of the net. 3-3!
There was no urgency for Walker to get tight to Johnson, who was able to get his head up and pick out the perfect cross.
Kulusevski is desperate to protect the draw he's just given to his side. He's late tackling Grealish though, and gives away a free-kick as well as picking up a booking.
The referee pulls the game back for a foul on Haaland, not realising that he could've played the advantage with Grealish on the ball. City players surround him, and they're screaming their protests at him, not that it'll change anything now.
Emerson rushes off his goal line to get involved in the protests against that decision from the referee and he's booked for dissent.
Haaland was screaming in the referee's face to say that he should've let play carry on. He can't really have any complaints about the yellow card after what he did, but it only enrages him further.
Spurs' final roll of the dice sees Donley come on to make his debut for the club in place of Johnson.
It's a lovely floated cross into the far post by Rodri and Akanji goes down in the box under pressure from Skipp. The midfielder had his arm over his shoulder, but there was nothing in it. No penalty is given, which only frustrates City further.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 3-3 TOTTENHAM.
Spurs come from behind twice to snatch a late point in a 3-3 draw against City. The visitors took the lead six minutes in with their first shot as Son finished off a counter-attack, but the Spurs captain then scored an own goal three minutes later to level things up. Foden gave City the lead for the first time just after the half-hour mark, finishing off a flowing team move. Doku and Alvarez also struck the woodwork. Lo Celso got his side back into it, curling in a delightful shot that Ederson couldn't keep out. Grealish tapped City in front once more, but Spurs weren't finished as Kulusevski looped in a headed equaliser in the 90th minute. Tempers flared late on as City were denied the advantage when Grealish was in on goal, but in the end, neither team could find a winner. For the first time since Guardiola's first season in charge, City draw three games in a row in the Premier League and it leaves them third in the table. They travel to Villa on Wednesday. Spurs' losing run comes to an end, but they stay fifth. They host West Ham on Thursday. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Newcastle United and Manchester United.
Newcastle come into this game off the back of a frustrating draw against Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League, with Kylian Mbappe's controversial stoppage-time penalty denying them a win at the Parc des Princes. As a result, a place in the knockout stages is no longer in their hands. As for the Premier League, the Magpies bounced back from their away defeat against Bournemouth to thump Chelsea 4-1 at St. James' Park, with Eddie Howe's men winning their last five at home. Losing just one of their previous nine outings in the top flight, Newcastle are only a point behind United and will climb up to fifth position with a victory.
United are one of the form sides in the Premier League and have won five of their six most recent games, keeping a clean sheet in their last three matches. Erik ten Hag's side thrashed Everton at Goodison Park in their previous top-flight match, with Alejandro Garnacho's stunning overhead kick helping them on their way to a 3-0 win. However, like Newcastle, their fate in the Champions League is up in the air after dropping points away from home. They had to settle for a 3-3 draw against Galatasaray and are at the bottom of Group A with one match remaining. Having already been beaten 3-0 by the Magpies in the EFL Cup, United's preparations for this game have also been hindered by the weather, with the team flight getting cancelled. As a result, they have had to take a coach instead. United will take encouragement from their away form in the Premier League, triumphing in their last four on their travels.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Nick Pope; Kieran Trippier, Jamaal Lascelles, Fabian Schar, Tino Livramento; Lewis Miley, Bruno Guimaraes, Joelinton; Miguel Almiron, Alexander Isak, Anthony Gordon.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Martin Dubravka, Paul Dummett, Matt Ritchie, Emil Krafth, Loris Karius, Lewis Hall, Amadou Diallo, Alex Murphy, Ben Parkinson.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Harry Maguire, Luke Shaw, Diogo Dalot; Scott McTominay, Kobbie Mainoo; Marcus Rashford, Bruno Fernandes, Alejandro Garnacho; Anthony Martial.
MANCHESTER UNITED SUBS: Altay Bayindir, Victor Lindelof, Sofyan Amrabat, Rasmus Hojlund, Sergio Reguilon, Raphael Varane, Antony, Facundo Pellistri, Donny van de Beek.
Howe names the same Newcastle team that drew with PSG in the Champions League in midweek. Hall could not play against parent club Chelsea in the Magpies’ previous Premier League outing but is back on the bench today.
United make four alterations to the team that drew 3-3 with Galatasaray in their last match. Dalot replaces Lindelof in the defence and starts at left-back, meaning that Shaw moves inside to partner Maguire at centre-back. Mainoo comes in for Amrabat in the midfield, with winger Antony and striker Hojlund also dropping onto the bench. Rashford appears on the wing and Martial leads the attack up front.
Newcastle won this exact fixture 2-0 in April – they’ve not beaten United in consecutive league games since October 1972. Both teams are now on the pitch and are ready to get the game started.
Newcastle get this Premier League clash under way. Isak with the first kick.
Gordon collects the ball in the middle of the pitch and drives forward before looking for Almiron down the right. Dalot gets ahead of him and pokes the ball back to Onana, who is immediately put under pressure by the home crowd.
Joelinton gets into a battle with McTominay next to the left corner flag in United's half. He uses his movement to put the Scotland international on the floor before going around him, but Maguire is there to clear it away.
Livramento has possession on the left and he flashes a cross into the box. Dalot jumps for it but he cannot get there, with the ball going just behind Almiron, who is forced to recycle it.
Isak is dropping deep to receive possession. The striker is not put under any pressure and he slides the ball down the left to Livramento, who dribbles past Rashford before winning a corner.
Trippier's inswinging corner from the left causes panic in United's box, with Onana running off his line but missing the ball completely. Dalot reacts quickly to clear the ball up the pitch.
Isak has his head in his hands. Schar has the ball inside United's half and he chips a pass into the path of the striker. Isak is free, but his touch lets him down, with United back in possession.
Onana and Dalot race towards a loose ball in Newcastle's box, with the right-back getting there first. He attempts to clear the ball away, but it hits his own arm and goes towards the goal. He then gets it out with the second attempt.
CHANCE! United have their first opportunity of the match. Fernandes has the ball just inside his own half and he slides a perfect throughball down the left to Garnacho. He beats the offside trap and gets behind Trippier, but his low shot towards the near post is saved by the foot of Pope.
Dalot finds Garnacho in the box. The winger drives towards the byline before cutting a pass back to the edge of the box. Wan-Bissaka is there, with the right-back shifting the ball onto his right foot before having a low effort blocked by Joelinton.
BLOCK! Isak gets down the right side of the box after some neat possession play from the home side. He attempts to go past Shaw, but the defender tracks him all the way and blocks his strike from close range.
SAVE! Onana makes a huge stop. Trippier collects a loose pass on the right and slides a brilliant ball down the right side of the box to Joelinton. He cuts it back to Miley, who forces the goalkeeper into a diving save down to his right.
Livramento makes the most of the space that Rashford left on the wing, with the full-back driving forward before cutting into the box. He looks to find space for a shot but is tackled by Maguire, with Guimaraes lashing a shot well off target moments later.
BLOCK! What an intervention from Maguire. United fail to clear a cross from the right out of the box, with the ball dropping to Isak in the middle. His shot looks to be heading on target, but the heel of Maguire turns it behind for a corner.
Schar gets on the end of the following corner from the right and hooks the ball back into the middle. Lascelles gets there first, but he heads over from close range.
Newcastle will be looking to achieve something they haven’t in over a century. Having won 2-0 in the Premier League in April and 3-0 in the League Cup last month, Newcastle are looking to win three consecutive meetings with Manchester United in all competitions for the first time since January 1922. They have started this match brilliantly.
Almiron shows his speed and spins past Mainoo in the midfield. He has options to his left and right, deciding to slide a pass towards Gordon, but he doesn't put enough power on it and Maguire makes a crucial interception.
Livramento has done a lot of running down the left, but this time shows his quality with a thumping pass towards Gordon. He gets towards the byline and has Joelinton making a darting run, but his cutback is poked away.
United cannot get out of their own half, with Newcastle completely dominating the match. Guimaraes uses his body to roll past his marker and finds Miley on the wing, but his cross deflects behind for a corner.
United have a free-kick in a crossing position after Martial is fouled on the left. Fernandes and Shaw are over it, with the cross from the latter going straight into the gloves of Pope. The home fans then unleash a loud cheer as the pressure on their goal is gone.
Mainoo has been quiet in this match but he does well to flick a pass down the right and over to Rashford. The winger gets there before it goes out for a goal-kick and flashes a cross into the box, with Trippier heading it away from Garnacho.
Isak has possession on the edge of the box, with Maguire standing just ahead of him. He tries to use the centre-back as a shield, curling a low shot around him and towards the bottom corner, but his effort goes wide.
Dalot plays a pass inside to Fernandes, who chips a smart pass down the left of the box to Wan-Bissaka. He attempts to send a first-time cross into a dangerous area, but it rolls back harmlessly to Pope.
Newcastle come forward with pace. Miley finds Almiron down the right, with the Paraguay international moving inside and curling a shot over.
Schar is unchanged in possession and he decides to drive out of the defence with the ball. He arrives at the edge of the box before being fouled by Maguire. He is furious that a foul is given, but the hosts have a free-kick in a shooting opportunity.
BAR! Trippier cannot get closer to scoring than that. He hesitates to take the free-kick with the United wall moving forward. When he eventually takes it, his whipped effort crashes against the bar, with Onana reacting quickly to claim the loose ball.
Newcastle kept a clean sheet in both Premier League meetings with Manchester United last season – they’ve not gone three league games in a row without conceding against the Red Devils since November 1897 in the second tier. They have only conceded two shots in this half, with the last one coming in the 13th minute.
CLOSE! Maguire is shouting at his defence after he almost conceded an own goal. Livramento is being given plenty of space to attack down the left, with the former Southampton man darting forward down the wing. He looks to curl a low cross into the path of Isak, with Maguire getting across to try and get it away. The ball looks like it is going in, but it hits the side of the net.
Trippier's corner deliveries have been fantastic in this match. Lascelles gets there first and heads it down to centre-back partner Schar, but his powerful effort is blocked.
Joelinton and  McTominay battle for the ball in the air, with the United man going down alleging that he used his elbow. The referee ignores his claims.
HALF-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 0-0 MANCHESTER UNITED
Newcastle have dominated against United, but this game is goalless at the break. Garnacho's low shot towards the bottom corner early on in the match was the closest that the away side came to breaking the deadlock, with Pope sticking out a foot to deny the in-form Argentine. Isak saw a goal-bound strike from close range deflect off the heel of Maguire. Miley was also denied his first Magpies goal by Onana, who made an outstanding stop down to his right. Trippier went close through a free-kick from the edge of the box, but his curling strike rattled the underside of the crossbar.
Newcastle should be ahead. They have already had 14 shots in this match, accumulating an xG (expected goals) of 1.33. Isak has been their main man in the attack and has registered three attempts, but he is yet to hit the target. Livramento has also been instrumental with his runs down the left and will get an assist to his name if Rashford continues to neglect his defensive responsibilities. As for United, they only had two shots in the half, with their last coming in the 13th minute. The Red Devils passing accuracy of 75.2 per cent suggests they have gifted the hosts possession on too many occasions. Martial has also been quiet and has not had a shot.
United get the ball rolling again through Fernandes. There were no changes at the break.
Newcastle are patient in possession, with the hosts keeping it well before switching it over to Livramento. He pushes through the edge of the box before finding Almiron, whose tame effort rolls straight to Onana.
Newcastle last lost a Premier League home match which was scoreless at half-time on October 30th 2021 (0-3 v Chelsea), which was also the same day that United last won an away match against a team that started the day in the top eight of the league (3-0 v Tottenham). They have started this half well and have put the away side with a couple of dangerous crosses that have come to nothing.
Fernandes tries to spring United away on the counter, finding Martial on the left. However, he has limited support around him and Newcastle get men back, forcing the Frenchman to return it to the midfield.
Trippier gets the better of Garnacho next to the corner flag and has the chance to put a cross into the box. However, his delivery is poor and he gives it straight back to United.
Rashford needs some support on the left. Livramento brushes past him with ease again but cannot make anything of the attack. He finds Isak, who recycles possession.
Trippier has put a couple of poor crosses into the box in this half, but this one is perfect. He rushes down the right and does not hesitate before driving the ball across the box and straight into the path of Gordon, who has the easiest of chances to score.
GOALLLL! GORDON SCORES! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! The hosts have a thoroughly deserved lead - that goal has definitely been coming. Isak finds Guimaraes on the edge of the box, with the midfielder having the awareness to slide the ball down the right side of the box to Trippier. His low first-time cross is met by Gordon, who has a simple finish from close range.
Newcastle have avoided defeat in their last seven matches when scoring the opening goal in the Premier League dating back to 27th August 2023 against Liverpool (losing 2-1).
Schar is not afraid of having a shot from range and tries his luck, but his straight effort goes just over the bar.
Ten Hag has seen enough and has decided to make a couple of changes. Martial has been quiet in the attack and is being replaced up front by Hojlund, who is still searching for his first Premier League goal.
Rashford has had a game to forget on the wing for United. He has not challenged full-back Livramento and has given him plenty of space to work with. Antony is on in his place.
United have a deep free-kick and find Maguire with a cross into the box, but he heads well over the target.
Isak moves out to the right to receive possession, collecting it well before playing a pass inside to Guimaraes. He darts into the box and looks for it back from the midfielder, but Maguire reads his intentions and makes an interception.
The ball is kicked off the pitch by Newcastle with Fernandes down holding his foot after a late tackle from Schar. His reaction suggests that he is in some serious pain. The home fans are not happy with the game being stopped.
Fernandes was treated by the medical staff and will be able to continue. The game is back under way.
Trippier strolls forward with possession and approaches the box with options around him. He is caught between a cross and a shot, sending the ball behind for a goal-kick.
Newcastle have a free-kick in a crossing position. Trippier is over it, but the ball crashes against Garnacho and the hosts have it back. Before it was taken, Fernandes was taking with Schar, probably discussing the late tackle from the centre-back earlier in the half.
Trippier is over another free-kick just inside United's half. He pretends to take it to force the defence back before launching it towards the box, but Maguire is there to head it away.
United have the ball in Newcastle's half and are putting the hosts under pressure. Fernandes drives a pass into Garnacho, but his touch is poor and Miley gets across to win it back. Ten Hag's side have only had one shot in this half, with it being a wayward header from Maguire.
Maguire has been one of United's better players in this match but goes into the book for a late slide tackle on Gordon.
PENALTY SHOUT! Newcastle want a spot-kick! Joelinton gets down the left and drags a cross into the middle of the box. Miley's shot is blocked by Wan-Bissaka and the hosts want a penalty, but their appeals are waived away.
United have struggled in this match, but it has not affected the performance of Mainoo, who has completed 92.3 per cent of his 39 passes. He is coming off for Amrabat.
United make another two substitutes. There is a change at full-back, with Reguilon coming on for Wan-Bissaka.
Shaw's outswinging corner from the left is headed away by Joelinton as far as Reguilon. His first-time shot from the edge of the box looks to be heading into the corner, but Schar dives across to clear it away. Pope went to save it and is now down. He needs some medical assistance.
Pope cannot continue and is being helped off the pitch by the medical staff. He comes off to a loud applause, with former United loanee Dubravka getting ready to come on.
Dubravka is picked ahead of Karius to replace Pope in goal. He has four minutes plus additional time to keep a clean sheet.
Hojlund uses his physicality to push away challenges from the Newcastle defence before slotting a pass down the left side of the box to Garnacho. It looks like he will have a chance to shoot, but Trippier slides across with a perfectly timed tackle.
OFFISDE! United have the ball in the net, but it won't count. Maguire challenges for Reguilon's cross into the box, with the ball bouncing back to Antony. His effort is heading on target, but it hits Maguire and deflects past Dubravka. The flag then goes up for offside.
There will be nine minutes of additional time.
Livramento rushes down the left and gets the wrong side of Antony, who slides him to the floor and is shown a yellow card.
Garnacho cross on the left from the byline comes to nothing, with Trippier clearing the ball up the pitch. Isak collects it around halfway and gets into a race with Amrabat, who slows him down before winning it back on the edge of United's box.
United have created very little in this match but have a chance through a free-kick from the left. However, Fernandes' inswinging cross is poor, with Dubravka collecting it on the second attempt under pressure from Maguire.
Joelinton goes into the book for dissent.
Gordon has scored the only goal and is now coming off. Howe's trusted man, Ritchie, comes on for the final few minutes.
Dalot looks to cause problems in Newcastle's box with a long throw-in, but the pressure is released when Amrabat lashes a wild shot over. He then sticks his hand in the air to apologise.
FULL-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 1-0 MANCHESTER UNITED
Gordon scored the only goal to help a dominant Newcastle side overcome United at St. James' Park. The Red Devils struggled throughout and only had two shots before the break. Garnacho tested Pope with a low strike towards the near post, but the goalkeeper stuck his leg out to make a strong stop. The Magpies controlled the rest of the half and should have scored. Isak's effort from close range was deflected behind brilliantly by Maguire, with Miley also denied by a sharp stop from Onana. Trippier went close, but his free-kick crashed the underside of the crossbar. Newcastle's relentless pressure continued after the restart, with Gordon netting his fifth goal in eight games. He raced into the box to get on the end of Trippier's low cross and tapped in for a simple finish. United only had eight shots in the match but thought they had netted the equaliser when Reguilon's strike deflected off Maguire to beat substitute goalkeeper Dubravka. However, the flag went up for offside. Next up, Newcastle travel to Everton in the Premier League. As for United, they host Chelsea. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Nottingham Forest and Everton.
Forest have managed just one win in nine Premier League games and will be looking to bounce back from their home defeat against Brighton last time out. The City Ground has been a bit of a fortress for Steve Cooper’s side, having gone unbeaten in their previous eight fixtures (W5 D3) before their loss last week. A win for Forest could see them go level on points with Chelsea, who currently sit in 11th place in the table.
Everton will be hoping to win their third Premier League away game in a row after defeating West Ham and Crystal Palace in their previous two matches on the road. The Toffees were recently plunged into the relegation zone due to a 10-point deduction but could climb up to 18th if they secure the three points today. Everton haven’t lost at The City Ground since 1995, and Sean Dyche is unbeaten against Forest in his last seven games as a manager.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-3-3): Odysseas Vlachodimos; Harry Toffolo, Murillo, Willy-Arnaud Boly, Serge Aurier; Ryan Yates, Orel Mangala, Ibrahim Sangare; Anthony Elanga, Chris Wood, Morgan Gibbs-White.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Matt Turner, Neco Williams, Cheikhou Kouyate, Callum Hudson-Odoi, Nicolas Dominguez, Felipe, Moussa Niakhate, Divock Origi, Ola Aina.
EVERTON (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Vitalii Mykolenko, Jarrad Branthwaite, James Tarkowski, Ashley Young; Dwight McNeil, Idrissa Gueye, James Garner, Jack Harrison; Abdoulaye Doucoure; Beto.
EVERTON SUBS: Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, Arnaut Danjuma, Joao Virginia, Ben Godfrey, Seamus Coleman, Youssef Chermiti, Mackenzie Hunt, Lewis Dobbin.
Cooper has made four changes from the side who lost to Brighton last time out. There are two alterations in defence, as Boly and Aurier come into the starting XI, with Niakhate and Aina dropping to the bench. In the midfield, Dominguez and Danilo miss out, while Sangare and today’s captain Yates start.
Meanwhile, Dyche has made just one alteration from last weekend’s defeat against Manchester United. Dominic Calvert-Lewin is unavailable through injury and is unable to make the bench. Beto, who is yet to score in the Premier League, comes into the starting XI in his place.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
Forest get the game under way at The City Ground!
Aurier launches a long ball beyond the Everton defence, looking to find Wood who has broken away from his marker. The New Zealand international attempts to bring it under control and get himself one-on-one with Pickford, but he fails to do so and it drops to the goalkeeper who gathers comfortably.
Aurier finds Gibbs-White inside the box and the Forest midfielder clips the ball to the back post. Yates looks to rise above the opposition defenders and wins the header, but it trickles behind for an Everton goal-kick. The supporters are appealing for a corner, but the Toffees get the decision.
Garner does well to drive through the middle of the pitch and finds McNeil between the lines. The Everton winger attempts to shift the ball out wide, but Mykolenko doesn't make the run and it falls straight to Boly. The Toffees need to look after the ball better when they get into the Forest half.
Tarkowski finds Mykolenko with a superb crossfield ball and the Ukrainian defender brings it under control with his chest and bursts into the box. However, Aurier cuts across him and is able to shield it out for a goal-kick to Forest.
Elanga counters on the left-hand side and gets one-on-one with Young. The Forest winger bursts past the experienced defender and Young brings him down near the byline, with the referee awarding a free-kick. Gibbs-White is standing over it, but his cross fails to beat the first man.
Wood is down for Forest and appears to be struggling. The medical team have entered the pitch and the striker looks in some discomfort. Cooper might have to make a change in the first half.
Wood is okay to continue for now despite Cooper having Origi ready to come on. The Forest striker is back up and running and appears to be fit and firing.
Everton break down the right-hand side with Gueye and he sends a cross into the box looking to find Beto. It's headed away from danger but only as far as Garner, who attempts a speculative effort on the volley which is comfortable for the Forest goalkeeper to gather.
Boly makes a reckless foul on McNeil who was looking to drive through the middle of the pitch and gives away a free-kick inside the Forest half. Everton are filling the box and it's delivered into the penalty area, but Branthwaite and Tarkowski both take wild swings at it and miss the ball. The centre-back duo will be disappointed that they didn't do better.
What a chance! Tarkowski sends a long ball into the box and Vlachodimos fails to deal with it after tussling with McNeil. It falls to Beto on the half-volley, but he sends it into the stands behind the goal. He really should be hitting the target. Cooper's side get away with one!
Forest are yet to test Pickford between the sticks so far today with Everton limiting them to just three touches inside their box. The Toffees are on top so far and have managed two shots, with Vlachodimos making a singular save.
Yates finds Elanga on the left-hand side and proceeds to drift past Young with ease, before clipping a cross into the box. However, Pickford comes out and collects comfortably. The Forest winger has been a bright spark so far and the Toffees have struggled to deal with him when he's given the ball on the left.
Dyche's side have had plenty of opportunities to hit Forest on the break but are giving the ball away far too often. Everton have managed to complete just 65.3 per cent of their passes since the game got under way.
Forest break down the left once again with Elanga who cuts inside onto his right foot and delivers, but Everton are able to clear. The ball eventually finds Aurier who crosses towards the back post. It falls to Elanga on the half-volley, but his strike whistles just past the post. He'll be disappointed not to have hit the target.
The referee isn't happy with a member of staff on the Forest bench and has come over to the sideline to give a yellow card. The City Ground supporters voiced their frustration towards the officials after the assistant had given Everton a throw-in.
Aurier is found with a throughball on the right-hand side and pulls it back to Gibbs-White, who looks to clip it into the danger zone. Gueye cuts it out and puts the ball behind for a corner. The delivery comes in and it eventually falls to Elanga on the edge, but his shot is blocked and the Toffees can clear once again.
Forest have grown into the game as the half has gone on and are applying plenty of pressure on Everton in the final third. Cooper's side have managed 60.1 per cent of the possession since the game got under way. The Toffees are struggling to look after the ball, regularly gifting it to the opposition.
Forest are pressing intensely in the opposition half and Everton are finding it difficult to deal with. Young and Gueye give the ball away consecutively, with the latter passing out for a throw-in. Dyche won't be happy with their inability to look after possession.
McNeil finds Doucoure on the right-hand side in plenty of space and looks to break towards the Forest penalty area. He spots Beto in the box and attempts to drive the ball into his feet, but Boly is there to snuff out the danger and clear, and Cooper's side regain possession once again.
So close to the opener! The ball is fired into the feet of Doucoure who turns and slips a pass to McNeil, and he goes one-on-one with Vlachodimos in goal. The winger slips his shot past the goalkeeper and it's heading towards the goal, but Murillo does superbly to clear off the line! It was inches away from being a goal to the Toffees!
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of five minutes of added time at the end of the first half.
Tarkowski gives the ball away on the edge of his area and it eventually falls to Sangare outside of the box. He finds Gibbs-White in space on the right-hand side and he looks to strike it first time towards the near post, but he fires it into the side netting and it's behind for a goal-kick. Everton get away with one after some sloppy play at the back.
HALF-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 0-0 EVERTON
Forest go into the break at The City Ground level with Everton as both sides fail to break the deadlock. It's been a game of minimal chances, but the Toffees might feel disappointed not to have scored. Beto and McNeil both had opportunities to put their side in front, but Dyche will be wanting to see chances created more consistently. Cooper's men have enjoyed more of the possession but are finding it tough to break down the opposition defence. It wouldn't be a surprise to see a change from either side early in the second half, as both teams are lacking creativity.
Cooper will undoubtedly want to see more from his attacking players when the second half gets under way. His side have created just 0.15 expected goals (xG) so far and have failed to test Pickford with a shot on target. The Toffees have proven to be more of a threat with six shots so far with Doucoure at the heart of everything, making 11 passes in the final third, more than any other Everton player.
Felipe replaces Boly at the break in the heart of the Forest defence.
The second half is underway at The City Ground!
Everton have started the second half looking to control the tempo of the game a lot more than we saw in the opening 45 minutes. However, Dyche's side are gifting the ball back to Forest too often. The Toffees have had multiple opportunities to break in numbers, but the final pass is letting them down.
Harrison gives away a free-kick deep inside the Everton half. Gibbs-White is standing over it and whips it into the danger zone, but Branthwaite rises above everyone and is able to clear. The young defender and Tarkowski have been solid for the most part, winning 10 duels between them.
Aurier plays a clever pass out wide to Gibbs-White who looks to take on Mykolenko. McNeil comes over to help out his team-mate and between them, they give Forest a corner. It's delivered towards the back post and then volleyed back into the danger zone. It falls to Felipe from six yards out... and he strikes the post! What a chance!
McNeil turns superbly and dances past Felipe, but he brings him down just outside the box, receiving a yellow.
Young takes the resulting free-kick after McNeil does well to win it, but he fires it into the wall and it's behind for a corner. The delivery comes in and Forest are able to clear. The ball eventually finds Mykolenko who fires a cross into the box, but once again Cooper's side deal with the danger.
It's another opportunity from a free-kick for Everton as Wood fouls Garner inside the Forest half. It's not within shooting range, but the Toffees have filled the box. Garner plays short to McNeil who delivers, but Felipe is there to head away the danger.
Harrison finds Gueye who has burst forward from midfield into the box, but his powerful cross is deflected behind for a corner. McNeil is standing over it and delivers into the middle, but it's cleared to the edge of the area. Beto receives the ball with his back to goal and lays it off to Gueye, but his shot is blocked and Forest clear.
Tarkowski fires the ball into the feet of Beto who is able to turn on the edge of the penalty area and stand up his marker. The Portuguese striker shifts it out of his feet and unleashes a shot from outside of the box, but it flies into the stands behind the goal. That sums up his game so far, with the Everton forward looking frustrated.
With Everton on top in the second half, Forest have a rare opportunity to attack on the break. Elanga receives the ball out wide and cuts inside onto his stronger right foot, finding Gibbs-White outside the area. He looks to float a cross towards the back post, but he can't find Wood and it goes behind for a goal-kick.
Forest make their second change of the game with Sangare coming off. Hudson-Odoi is his replacement.
GOOOAAAAALLL!! 1-0 EVERTON! Harrison plays a one-two with Gueye on the right-hand side and receives the ball inside the box. He clips a cross into the penalty area which Beto can’t get to, but it finds McNeil at the back post. He takes one touch out of his feet and fires it into the top corner. Fantastic finish!
The goal is what Everton have deserved in the second half. Dyche clearly had some strong words at half-time and his side have enjoyed 57.5 per cent possession since the break. The Toffees have also managed five shots to Forest's three, with the home team still yet to test Pickford.
Forest look to catch Everton out with a quick free-kick, looking to find Elanga beyond the defence. Pickford rushes out, but Mykolenko is there to poke the ball behind for a corner. Elanga almost got there before it went out, firing into the side netting, but the assistant had his flag up, signalling for a corner.
Gibbs-White floats the ball out to Elanga on the left, who cuts inside onto his right foot and delivers into the penalty area, but Branthwaite is there to head away the danger. Forest are now turning up the pressure as Hudson-Odoi also looks to whip in a cross, but it evades everyone. Cooper needs more from his side in the final third.
Gibbs-White drifts out to the left and manages to get on the ball inside the Everton box. He pulls it back towards the edge of the penalty area and Yates looks to strike it first time, but Garner flings himself in front of the shot to block. Superb defending from the former Forest loanee.
McNeil turns well inside the Forest half and plays a first-time pass into Beto. The Portuguese forward spins past Felipe with ease, but the defender drags him to the floor. It was a brave decision from Felipe considering he's already on a yellow, but the referee opts not to give him a second. He might count himself a little lucky there.
Dyche makes his first change of the game as young striker Chermiti comes on in search of his first goal for the club. Beto is the player to make way.
Cooper makes his third change of the game, and it's an attacking alteration for Forest. Origi comes on in place of left-back Toffolo.
Murillo drives through the middle of the pitch and unleashes an ambitious effort from range, but Pickford gets down well to palm it away. Forest then win a free-kick which Gibbs-White takes, but his delivery is poor and Everton once again are able to deal with it. After a spell of pressure, the Toffees are awarded a free-kick, as Felipe makes another foul.
Despite Everton enjoying plenty of the ball before their goal, the possession has flipped on its head, with Forest having 58.3 per cent since the second half got underway. However, they've tested Pickford with just two shots on target, and aren't creating many clear-cut chances.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of four minutes of added time at the end of the game.
Hudson-Odoi finds Gibbs-White on the edge of the area and the Forest midfielder strikes it, but it's blocked. The ball eventually falls to Elanga on the left-hand side, but his cross is headed clear by Tarkowski. Cooper's side are throwing everything at it in the final few minutes of the game.
FULL-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 0-1 EVERTON
Everton come away from The City Ground with all three points after securing a 1-0 win against Forest. It was a scrappy first half with neither side creating too many chances. The home side controlled the possession in the opening 45 minutes but couldn't find a breakthrough, and it was the Toffees who come out of the blocks firing in the second half. Dyche's men took the lead through McNeil, who fired his shot into the top corner after some excellent work from Harrison on the right. Cooper's side threw everything at it in the final stages of the game, but they couldn't find an equaliser as Everton secured their third consecutive Premier League away win. Forest will be looking to bounce back against Fulham at Craven Cottage on Wednesday, while Everton host Newcastle United at Goodison Park. That's all for today, goodbye!
nan
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Aston Villa and Manchester City at Villa Park!
Villa have made a flying start to the season, starting the day fourth in the table, with the opportunity to leapfrog today's opponents with a win here. They've lost just one of their last 12 games in all competitions (W9 D2), prolonging that run by coming from behind twice to draw 2-2 with Bournemouth at the weekend. They've struggled against City in recent times though, failing to win any of their last 13 Premier League games against them (D2 L11). However, they're currently on a 13-match winning run at home, the longest such run in the division.
As for City, they're looking to keep pace with the top of the table, and after Arsenal's win yesterday, they can close the gap back to three points with a win here. Pep Guardiola's side are unbeaten in their last nine matches in all competitions (W6 D3), but they've drawn their last three in the league, dropping leads in all of those games against Chelsea, Liverpool and Tottenham. They've not had a winless run that long since 2017, and they'll be looking to get back to winning ways here.
ASTON VILLA STARTING XI (4-4-2): Emiliano Martinez; Ezri Konsa, Diego Carlos, Pau Torres, Lucas Digne; Leon Bailey, Youri Tielemans, Douglas Luiz, John McGinn; Boubacar Kamara, Ollie Watkins.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Jacob Ramsey, Moussa Diaby, Nicolo Zaniolo, Filip Marschall, Alex Moreno, Jhon Duran, Leander Dendoncker, Clement Lenglet, Matty Cash.
MANCHESTER CITY STARTING XI (3-2-4-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Ruben Dias, Josko Gvardiol; John Stones, Manuel Akanji; Bernardo Silva, Rico Lewis, Julian Alvarez, Phil Foden; Erling Haaland.
MANCHESTER CITY SUBS: Mateo Kovacic, Nathan Ake, Kalvin Phillips, Sergio Gomez, Matheus Nunes, Scott Carson, Stefan Ortega, Oscar Bobb.
There is just one change by Unai Emery from their draw with Bournemouth last time out. Kamara is back from a ban, so he comes straight back in to sit in midfield. Zaniolo drops to the bench.
Guardiola makes two changes to the side that drew with Spurs on Sunday, and they're both enforced. Stones is back from injury to line up alongside Akanji in midfield, with Lewis also being brought in. Jeremy Doku is injured, while Rodri is suspended along with Jack Grealish after both received their fifth bookings of the season in that game. Nunes is back on the bench after passing a late fitness test.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Alvarez gets the game under way for City!
Kamara weaves away from Alvarez to set Villa on their way up the pitch and he tries to lift it over the top for Watkins to chase. It's too close to Ederson though, and the keeper comes to collect it.
WIDE! McGinn does wonderfully to shake off Lewis and then Stones before poking it out to Digne as Alvarez comes up behind him. The left-back's first touch takes him into space, but he blasts his shot into the side netting.
SAVE! Villa are well on top in the opening exchanges here, and McGinn curls a superb early cross out to Bailey on the right. He's got acres of space as he takes it into the box, but he can't get any power on the shot, which Ederson gets down to push wide.
GREAT SAVE! City can't clear their lines from the corner and McGinn takes it off Foden's toe on the edge of the box. He tees up Torres, who stayed onside, and he curls a shot towards the far post, but Ederson gets a strong hand to it.
City's last four defeats have all come without Rodri featuring in the game at all. Indeed, they're unbeaten in their last 43 games in which the Spaniard has played (W33 D10).
DOUBLE SAVE! Foden wriggles through a small gap before sliding it through to Haaland in the box. He's one-on-one with Martinez, but his shot across goal is parried. Silva clips it back to the Norweigan, who thumps a header on goal from close range, but the keeper gets behind that one too.
It's end-to-end stuff here at the moment as Villa mount their latest attack. Dias does well to get in front of Bailey to stop him from bringing it down, and Stones is there to flick it away from Watkins, who was following in.
City are struggling to find space in midfield to pass their way forward, so Dias decides to go long this time, spotting Alvarez's run off the back of Carlos. He sets off too early though, and the flag goes straight up.
It's Carlos who decides to lift one over the top this time, with Watkins getting in front of Dias to bring it down. He tries to pick out McGinn in support, but the pass is too high, and it bounces awkwardly off the captain's hip.
It's a vital block from Kamara to stop Foden from getting through, but City just switch it out to Silva on the right. He clips a good cross into the far post where Foden is now waiting, but he completely misses the ball on the volley.
City are starting to find their rhythm now as Walker goes for a big switch out to Foden. He starts the move to help it back out to the right, and Stones trips over the ball before he can put a cross in.
GOOD SAVE! Konsa spots Bailey in a pocket of space through the middle, and he chooses to go it alone from range despite having options on either side. It's a good hit, too, forcing Ederson to push it over with a strong hand.
Villa's first corner results in a quick second, and City only half-clear their lines once more. It's worked out to McGinn on the edge of the D, but he curls his shot straight down the middle at Ederson.
Carlos' long ball forces Watkins out wide to the left this time, but he does well to hold off two City players. He spins before trying to put a cross in only to hit it straight against Stones.
It's lovely footwork from Bailey, who leaves Stones in a bit of a twist as he tries to track him to the byline. The Jamaican has two to aim for in the middle, but his cross is too deep for either of them.
CHANCE! Villa win a free-kick on the left, and McGinn is doing his best to put Ederson off as he hovers in front of the goalkeeper, much to his frustration. Luiz clips it in as the Scotsman moves, and Konsa darts in to take his place, but thumps his header over the bar.
Akanji plays the reverse pass into Alvarez on the left of the box, and he fizzes a dangerous low cross into the middle for Haaland to attack. Torres beats him to it, lifting it over his bar, but the flag was up anyway.
CHANCE! Villa work it brilliantly upfield, starting with Martinez all the way out to Digne on the left. He squares his cross into the near post where Bailey makes a late run, but he blazes it over the bar.
WHAT A BLOCK! Ederson comes right off his line to play out from the back, and Gvardiol's pass deflects off Bailey, straight to Tielemans' feet. He's setting himself to shoot and the Croatian slides in with a perfect tackle to make amends and stop him from picking out the back of the empty net.
City are looking very shaky at the back. Moments after Gvardiol's pass was blocked, Walker plays a loose backpass to Ederson. Watkins is hovering and just misses it. Walker looks extremely relieved!
Digne and Walker collided as they both tried to win the ball back, and the Frenchman stays down holding his ribs. He receives treatment but is quickly back up to continue.
Villa have already had 11 shots in this match, the joint-most by a team in the first half of a Premier League game against City under Guardiola. Emery will be keen to turn those chances into goals soon though, especially while they're still on top.
Alavrez's heavy pass it cut out by Bailey, and he plays a one-two with Luiz to open up some space down the right. It gets a bit crowded in the City box as the visitors flood back into their box and Konsa overhits the cross.
OVER! City don't look anything like their usual selves here as they sloppily keep giving the ball away in their own half. Akanji is the latest to do so, gifting it to Luiz, but he blazes his long-range shot just over the bar.
To avoid having to work through Villa's aggressive midfield once more, Walker pings another good pass over the top. Alvarez's first touch lets him down as he shows too much of it to Konsa, who clears the danger with ease.
Stones rushes in and clumsily bundles McGinn to the ground. He's trying to protest his innocence, but he's shown the first booking of the game.
NO GOAL! Watkins is forced wide by McGinn's pass, but he still gets a shot away which Ederson smothers. Villa keep it alive through Digne, who clips it into Luiz, and his header skims the inside of the post on the way in. His celebrations are cut short by a flag, which is up because the ball went out of play before the cross was put in.
City are looking to score right on half-time as Silva picks out another good cross from the right. Konsa attempts to clear it but completely misses the ball. His movement was enough to put Foden off behind him though.
HALF-TIME: ASTON VILLA 0-0 MANCHESTER CITY.
It's goalless at the break between Villa and City, though how there haven't been any goals is anyone's guess! The hosts have been brilliant, keeping City under pressure, and forcing Ederson into some great saves to keep out Bailey, Torres, McGinn and Watkins. Luiz thought he had broken the deadlock just before the break with a header that just crept in, but it was disallowed as the ball was out of play in the build-up. At the other end, Martinez made an excellent double save to keep out Haaland, but those were City's only chances.
It was almost a perfect first-half performance by Villa, with only a goal missing to cap it off. Emery will be urging them to keep up their high level as it's rattled City, causing them a lot of problems. Guardiola's men made a lot of uncharacteristic mistakes, which is something the manager will be looking to rectify. He may even look to his bench to add something different, especially since Villa comfortably won the battle in midfield.
Villa get us back under way for the second half!
City have dominated possession since the restart and they're looking to break Villa down early here. They patiently work it out to the right, but Walker has a slight tug at Digne to lose him, resulting in a free-kick to the hosts.
Watkins intercepts Akanji's pass, sweeping it out to Digne on the left before continuing his run into the box. The Frenchman tries to return it to him, but Dias gets in the way of the cross.
Villa haven't lost any of the 13 Premier League games under Emery that have been level at half-time, winning nine of those and drawing the other four.
Lewis gets a fistful of Luiz's shirt to stop him from breaking on the counter-attack and can have no complaints with the yellow card.
City work it forward in a couple of touches from Walker's throw-in, with Haaland threading it through to Foden. He peels off the back of Carlos before firing on goal from a tight angle. Martinez gets two hands behind it as a belated offside flag goes up.
It may have been City dominating possession, but Villa are intent on making the most of it when they do get the ball. Bailey twists away from Gvardiol to square it to Luiz. He's forced to rush his shot, and the deflection takes the power off it.
Bailey gets too tight to Gvardiol, giving away a free-kick in a good position on the left. Silva swings a tempting cross into the six-yard box, but none of his team-mates get on the end of it.
Akanji drags the ball away from Watkins, who kicks him on the ankle as he misses it. The Villa fans aren't happy as the yellow card is shown to their forward.
Luiz whips a good delivery in from the corner and it bounces awkwardly in front of Watkins, meaning he doesn't hit the volley cleanly. Every City attempt at a clearance loops up into the air, keeping the pressure on until Dias hooks it away.
WIDE! Silva's first-time pass is loose as he plays out from the back and it's cut out by Watkins. He touches it through to McGinn, who sees the space open up in front of him. Ederson rushes out, so he curls it towards goal early, but it rolls agonisingly wide of the far post.
Villa are starting to find their rhythm again, and it's forcing City back deeper into their own box. Kamara spins away from Lewis so he can switch it out to Digne, who squares it to McGinn, but his cross clears everyone.
The Villa fans are on their feet and the volume inside the stadium is rising as Bailey wins another corner with a deflected shot. The delivery is poor by Luiz this time, but the visitors lose possession quickly again.
Guardiola has seen enough and is bringing on two midfielders in an attempt to give them a bit more control in the middle of the park. Lewis is the first to go off, with Nunes replacing him.
And Kovacic is also coming on in place of Alvarez.
City haven't managed a shot in this game since Martinez was forced into a double save to deny Haaland in the 11th minute. The Norweigan has struggled as well, having only 12 touches so far.
The City fans find their voice again to urge their team upfield. Nunes listens to them, lifting a good cross towards Gvardiol at the far post, but his first touch takes the ball straight out of play.
Another change for City here as 20-year-old Bobb comes on to replace Foden.
BAILEY SCORES! Villa finally have their reward as they break the deadlock! Tielemans' touch wasn't great, but he got enough on it to help it to Bailey, who is just inside City's half. He drives forward through the middle, weaving right then left to lose defenders. He checks back on the edge of the D before taking aim, and a huge deflection off Dias takes it over Ederson. 1-0 Villa!
Tielemans was slightly off balance with Bobb tight to his back, but he made enough contact with the ball to help it through to Bailey.
City want a quick response to going behind, and they're back to dominating possession once more. They're keeping it well up to the final third, which is where things just aren't going their way.
GREAT SAVE! City are all over the place at the back! Watkins pokes a shot on goal and Stones' block loops up into the air invitingly for Luiz. Ederson had started to dive but recovers quickly to get across and smother the midfielder's chance at the far post.
Bailey stayed down after the scramble, but he's back on his feet after treatment. Villa have a corner which is swung in by Digne, but Haaland is fouled as he clears his lines.
SAVE! Haaland draws a foul from Carlos and City have a free-kick down the left. Silva takes it and whips a dangerous cross towards the near post. Luckily for Villa, nobody gets a touch and Martinez can hold onto it.
Dias kicks Bailey on the calf as he wins the ball back, and the goalscorer goes down in a heap. He needs to receive treatment again, and Emery might take him off this time just to be safe.
Villa are actually going to make a double change here. Bailey is going off after receiving treatment, with Diaby on for him.
And Ramsey is making his return from an ankle injury as he replaces Tielemans.
OFF THE POST! The space opens up nicely for Luiz on the edge of the box, and he tries his luck from range once more. Ederson is beaten by the curl, but it rattles the far post before bouncing back into play.
Kamara isn't happy that a foul has been awarded against him. He goes into the book for dissent.
City take the free-kick quickly, with Akanji sliding it through to Dias, who is playing on the left wing at the moment. He whips a cross in, but Martinez stretches to hold onto it.
Villa are making another double change as they look to see out this win. Digne is the first to go off, with Moreno on in his place.
And there's a change up front too, as Duran comes on in place of Watkins.
City have only kept one clean sheet in their last nine Premier League matches (14 goals conceded), conceding in all five of their league games since the start of November.
City are getting desperate as their search for an equaliser goes on. Stones put his laces through a clearance and it ends up being a good pass to Bobb. He touches it into Kovacic, who dawdles instead of putting in a cross before tripping over the ball.
FULL-TIME: ASTON VILLA 1-0 MANCHESTER CITY.
Villa's winning run at home stretches to 14 games as they shone in a 1-0 victory over City. It was a magnificent performance by Emery's man from start to finish, with City not knowing what hit them. Villa had 13 shots alone in the first 45 minutes, the most against a Guardiola team in the first half of a match in Europe's big five leagues, with Ederson having to make big saves to keep his side in it. Martinez also made a brilliant double save to deny Haaland, which were City's only shots in the whole match. It took until the 74th minute for the deadlock to be broken, with Bailey's deflected shot wrongfooting Ederson. Luiz also hit the post late on with a long-range strike. It's a huge win for the Villains as it lifts them above City into third, and they have another big game at home against Arsenal on Saturday. It's now four without a win in the league for City, who are six points off leaders Arsenal. They travel to Luton Town at the weekend. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Everton and Newcastle United at Goodison Park.
Everton manager Sean Dyche will be hoping this is the game where the Toffees can turn their home form around, having won two of their last 12 matches at Goodison Park (D2 L8). The Merseyside club have earned just 23.5% of their Premier League points at home this season, ignoring their 10-point deduction, which shows how reliant they’ve been on their away form. Everton could climb out of the relegation zone with a win today, leapfrogging Luton Town into 17th place.
Newcastle will be hoping for a repeat of last season’s fixture at Goodison Park, with the Magpies running out 4-1 winners. Eddie Howe’s side have won just one of their last eight Premier League away games (D4 L3), but they’ve enjoyed a lot of success against this Everton team of late. Newcastle have won five of their last six Premier League meetings against the Toffees, as many as they had in their previous 24 against them.
EVERTON (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Vitalii Mykolenko, Jarrad Branthwaite, James Tarkowski, Seamus Coleman; Dwight McNeil, Idrissa Gueye, Ashley Young, Jack Harrison; Abdoulaye Doucoure; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
EVERTON SUBS: Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, Arnaut Danjuma, Joao Virginia, Beto, Ben Godfrey, Youssef Chermiti, Mackenzie Hunt, Lewis Dobbin.
NEWCASTLE (4-3-3): Martin Dubravka; Tino Livramento, Fabian Schar, Jamaal Lascelles, Kieran Trippier; Joelinton, Bruno Guimaraes, Lewis Miley; Anthony Gordon, Alexander Isak, Miguel Almiron.
NEWCASTLE SUBS: Paul Dummett, Matt Ritchie, Emil Krafth, Loris Karius, Lewis Hall, Mark Gillespie, Amadou Diallo, Alex Murphy, Ben Parkinson.
Dyche has made two changes from the side that beat Nottingham Forest on the road last week. James Garner misses the game due to illness and will be replaced by Coleman, who makes his first appearance of the season. Calvert-Lewin comes back into the team after missing the Forest game, with Beto dropping to the bench.
Meanwhile, Howe has made just one alteration from Newcastle's win over Manchester United last week. Nick Pope has been ruled out for a number of months due to picking up a shoulder injury, so Dubravka comes into the starting XI.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
Isak gets the game under way for Newcastle at Goodison Park!
Branthwaite slips on the touchline and Isak is almost there to steal the ball away from him, but the Everton defender manages to find Pickford with a pass. The referee then awards the Toffees a free-kick.
Strong boos can be heard from the Everton faithful every time former player Gordon gets on the ball. Doucoure upends the Newcastle winger and a free-kick is awarded, much to the amusement of the fans at Goodison Park.
The Toffees win a corner after Livramento flung himself in front of a shot from Young. McNeil delivers towards the back post and Branthwaite rises highest, but he can't divert his header on target. Tarkowski then tries a speculative effort from range, but it doesn't test Dubravka in the goal.
Everton have enjoyed an impressive start to this game and have managed six shots already, with Newcastle yet to test Pickford between the sticks. Howe's side are dominating the possession and have had 65.6 per cent of the ball, but they're yet to find a breakthrough.
Livramento drives through the Everton midfield and Gueye clatters into him, with the referee awarding a free-kick to Newcastle on the edge of the penalty area. Trippier is standing over it and will likely be shooting from here. He strikes it, but it's straight at Pickford who holds well.
Almiron turns well as he looks to take on Mykolenko, but the Everton defender pulls him back and Newcastle are awarded a free-kick just inside Everton's half. The Magpies opt to play it short as they try to find a way through, but Dyche's side have been resolute at the back so far.
Almiron has to do better! Joelinton turns in the middle of the pitch and slips the ball to Almiron on the right-hand side who is left one-on-one with Pickford. However, his shot is tame and the Everton goalkeeper can comfortably gather.
Chance for Everton now as Harrison gets to the byline and floats a cross towards the back post. Calvert-Lewin rises highest, but Trippier does enough to put him off and the forward headers over the bar and out for a goal-kick.
Another opportunity for the Toffees! This time McNeil gets on the end of a wayward shot from Doucoure and sends a powerful delivery into the box. Calvert-Lewin is there once again, but his header is straight into the arms of Dubravka. He should be doing better from there.
Everton have already managed 11 shots so far in this game, but have only hit the target twice. The Toffees have touched the ball 20 times in the opposition box, with Newcastle managing to do the same just once. Dyche will be pleased with how his side have started this one.
Trippier breaks forward and is caught late by Gueye in the middle of the pitch. The referee quickly awards a free-kick, and Gueye might count himself a little lucky not to have gone into the book there. The Everton midfielder was nowhere near the ball, and it's not his first foul either.
Gueye makes yet another foul as he sends Gordon to the ground. This time, the referee gives him a talking-to, but he's still yet to produce a yellow card in this game. The Everton midfielder will have to tread carefully as the officials are onto him.
From the resulting free-kick, Trippier pumps the ball into the box. It's headed away by Branthwaite but only as far as Almiron and the Newcastle winger strikes it on the volley. Fortunately for Pickford in goal, it flies over the bar and out for a goal-kick.
Big chance for Everton! The Toffees press well to win the ball back and Harrison drives at the Newcastle defence. He has McNeil to his right and he finds him inside the box. McNeil looks to catch Dubravka out by rolling a shot into the corner, but it goes wide of the post. He didn't strike it with a lot of conviction and he has to hit the target!
Gueye finally goes into the book after making yet another foul, this time on Miley.
Chance for the Magpies! Joelinton backheels it into the path of Trippier who sends a cross into the box. Isak gets between the Everton centre-backs and looks to guide his header into the bottom corner. Pickford scrambles across his line, but it whistles past the post.
Livramento makes a foul on Young just inside the Newcastle half and Everton have a chance to fill the box from a free-kick. Pickford is there to take and he will be able to launch it towards the penalty area.
How has he missed?! From the free-kick, Tarkowski takes it under control inside the box and Branthwaite is there to poke it towards Calvert-Lewin who is unmarked from a few yards out. He swivels and shoots, but somehow misses the target from inside the six-yard box. He has to score, what a chance for Everton!
Everton have a free-kick in a dangerous position after Trippier pulled Calvert-Lewin to the ground. There's plenty of tussling inside the box, and the referee is having a word with some of the players. McNeil takes, but it's headed clear by Schar.
There has been a nasty-looking coming together between Schar and Branthwaite in the Everton penalty area, with both players now receiving treatment on the pitch. After a short delay, they are back on their feet and will both be able to continue.
Everton have a late chance in the first half from a free-kick as Calvert-Lewin is fouled inside the Newcastle half. McNeil is standing over it and whips it towards the back post. However, his delivery is headed clear of danger.
HALF-TIME: EVERTON 0-0 NEWCASTLE UNITED
Everton and Newcastle go into the break at 0-0 despite the home side having plenty of chances to open the scoring. Calvert-Lewin has had a host of opportunities to break the deadlock, but he's failed to hit the back of the net so far. This is the tale of Everton's season at home so far, having a lot more chances than the opposition, but struggling to convert. Dyche will undoubtedly be the happier of the two managers, but the Toffees need to be more clinical in the second half. Howe's men must tighten up at the back.
The Toffees have created 1.92 xG (expected goals) in the first half, with Calvert-Lewin contributing to 1.27 xG (66%) of that. Everton have had 13 shots, but only two of them have been on target. Howe's side will need to be more of an attacking force in the second half, having managed to create just 0.52 xG in the opening 45 minutes. Due to injuries, Newcastle don't have a host of senior options to call upon, so the Magpies starting XI will need to step it up.
McNeil gets the second half under way for Everton!
Gueye switches play to Coleman who passes it inside to Doucoure. He looks to swing a cross into the box, but Guimaraes deflects it behind for a corner. McNeil is there to take and he sends it towards the back post. Dubravka spills it...but it goes behind for another corner.
Another chance for Everton! A delivery comes into the box once again and Calvert-Lewin rises above his marker. His header deflects off Lascelles and Dubravka spills it again, but Newcastle are able to clear the danger.
The Toffees have started the second half on the front foot, just like they did in the opening 45 minutes. Everton have touched the ball inside Newcastle's box seven times since the break, with the Magpies spending more time defending than attacking.
Mykolenko drags Almiron to the floor inside the Everton half and then proceeds to kick the ball away. The referee opts to just give him a talking-to and doesn't produce a yellow card. The left-back might consider himself a little lucky.
Gordon cuts inside off the left and lays the ball into the path of Miley. The Newcastle youngster takes aim and looks to test Pickford from range, but the ball whistles over the bar and out for a goal-kick. The Magpies have been reduced to shots from outside the box, with Everton defending well.
Dubravka is down after colliding with McNeil and the referee awards Newcastle with a free-kick. The last thing Howe needs is another injury, especially to his goalkeeper with Pope on the treatment table. However, he will be okay to continue.
Gordon has to do better! Tarkowski has control of the ball outside the Everton penalty area but Gordon pounces, knicking the ball as he closes in on the box. He strikes it from the edge of the area, but it's straight at Pickford. He should have scored from there!
Another opportunity for Calvert-Lewin as he gets his head on the ball from a corner, but it hits Schar and bounces behind. However, the referee has spotted a foul in the mix somewhere and Newcastle are awarded a free-kick.
Gordon has another opportunity to test Pickford after some excellent work from Isak. Gordon bursts through the middle of the pitch and unleashes from range, but his shot flies over the bar and out for a goal-kick. The former Everton winger has found things difficult at Goodison Park.
Coleman suffers an injury and his game is over. Patterson enters the fray in a straight swap.
Newcastle enjoy a spell of possession and pressure now as Tarkowski shanks a clearance out for a Newcastle corner. Trippier takes and goes short. The ball is eventually delivered into the penalty area by Gordon, but Branthwaite is able to clear the danger.
Young is down and looks in some discomfort after clashing with a Newcastle player. He's back on his feet now but appears to be limping. Dyche might be considering making a change with the 38-year-old struggling.
Newcastle have had 63.6 per cent of the possession in the second half and have looked to test Pickford with five shots. However, the Magpies have only managed to hit the target once since the break, with the Everton goalkeeper saving with ease.
Branthwaite and Pickford both appear to be struggling for Everton at the moment and there is a break in play as both players can receive some treatment. Branthwaite looks like he will be okay to continue, but Pickford is still down and in some discomfort.
After a lengthy stoppage, it looks as though Pickford will be fine to continue. Branthwaite also enters the pitch again after being forced to temporarily leave the action.
GOOOAAAAALLL!!!! 1-0 EVERTON!!! It’s a huge error from Trippier! The Newcastle right-back stumbles on the ball and McNeil pinches it from the defender. He drives towards the penalty area and unleashes a shot from the edge of the box, and it flies into the top corner! Everton are out of the relegation zone, for now.
So close from Almiron! The ball falls to Miley inside the box and his shot cannons into the ground and bounces onto the head of Almiron. Pickford rushes out and the Newcastle forward looks to guide his header over him, but it lands on top of the net.
Calvert-Lewin makes a foul on Livramento and the referee awards him a yellow. It looks like the Everton striker could be about to come off anyway.
Calvert-Lewin's game is over, and he's replaced by Portuguese striker Beto, who is in search of his first Premier League goal.
GOOOAAAAALLL!!!! 2-0 Everton!!! Trippier once again is caught in possession but this time by Harrison, and he drives towards the penalty area. He plays it across the box and McNeil gets a toe to it, but it falls straight into the path of Doucoure, who smashes it home! A huge goal for the Toffees!
McNeil appeared to miss the ball, but he managed to guide it to Doucoure who scored.
Beto goes into the book for delaying the restart.
Lascelles, who has been struggling with injuries throughout the game, comes off, with Krafth taking his place.
Ritchie enters the fray in place of young midfielder Miley.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of 10 minutes of added time.
A deep cross is sent into the box by Ritchie, but Pickford is there to claim it unchallenged. The Everton goalkeeper goes down with a smile on his face, and he's in no rush to offload the ball here. The Toffees are looking to hang on here.
Everton are keeping the ball between them as they see out the game, and the Goodison Park crowd are absolutely loving it. Newcastle can't win it back, and the Toffees are looking after possession well.
GOOOALLLLL!!! 3-0 EVERTON!! Beto latches on to a throughball and closes down on the Newcastle goal. He bursts into the box and approaches Dubravka, before slotting the ball underneath him and into the back of the net. But wait... VAR are checking it, he could be offside. THE GOAL STANDS!
Patterson found the run of Beto in behind, and the Everton striker did the rest.
After a lengthy delay, the referee confirmed that Beto's goal will count. The Toffees just need to see out the last few minutes, but it's been a fantastic performance from Dyche's men so far.
FULL-TIME: EVERTON 3-0 NEWCASTLE UNITED
Everton secure a vital three points against Newcastle with a 3-0 victory at Goodison Park. The Toffees were on top in the first half but couldn't turn their chances into goals. The Magpies came out at half-time and looked the more threatening, but Dyche's men took the lead as McNeil pounced on an error from Trippier. The Newcastle right-back then made another mistake with Harrison taking advantage, drilling the ball across the box, with Doucoure there to fire home. In the final few minutes, Beto sealed the victory, latching on to a throughball and tucking his shot under Dubravka. The Toffees face Chelsea at Goodison Park on Sunday, while the Magpies travel to Tottenham Hotspur. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Fulham and Nottingham Forest at Craven Cottage.
Fulham have only won one of their last six matches in the Premier League, losing four and conceding 13 goals. However, Marco Silva’s side will gain confidence from their resilient performance at Anfield in their last outing. The Cottagers battled back from behind twice to lead against Liverpool before losing 4-3 after late quick-fire strikes from Wataru Endo and Trent Alexander-Arnold. Fulham are sitting comfortably in 14th position in the table and are eight points above the relegation zone. Three of Fulham’s victories have come at home this campaign, including their most recent win over Wolves. They will also take encouragement from the fact they have beaten Forest in seven of their last nine fixtures (losing two) and did the double over them last season.
Forest have lost four of their last five games in the Premier League and are currently one place and two points behind Fulham. The Tricky Trees recovered well from their demolition at the hands of Liverpool to beat European hopefuls Aston Villa at the City Ground but have since been unable to collect any points in their previous three matches. Steve Cooper’s side lost 3-2 to West Ham at London Stadium before their eight-match unbeaten streak at home ended with back-to-back defeats against Brighton and Everton. Forest are six points above the relegation zone but must improve their away form to stay away from the drop zone. They have only collected a draw in their last four fixtures on their travels, failing to score on three occasions.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Calvin Bassey, Tosin Adarabioyo, Antonee Robinson; Joao Palhinha, Tom Cairney; Willian, Andreas Pereira, Alex Iwobi; Raul Jimenez.
FULHAM SUBS: Marek Rodak, Kenny Tete, Harrison Reed, Harry Wilson, Fode Ballo-Toure, Tim Ream, Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Sasa Lukic, Carlos Vinícius.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-1-4-1): Odysseas Vlachodimos; Ola Aina, Felipe, Murillo, Harry Toffolo; Orel Mangala; Callum Hudson-Odoi, Ibrahim Sangare, Nicolas Dominguez, Anthony Elanga; Divock Origi.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Matt Turner, Neco Williams, Cheikhou Kouyate, Morgan Gibbs-White, Chris Wood, Moussa Niakhate, Ryan Yates, Danilo, Andrew Omobamidele.
Fulham make four alterations to the side that lost 4-3 to Liverpool in their last outing. It is the most changes that Silva has made from one Premier League match to another, with scorers Tete and Wilson moving onto the bench alongside Ream and Reed. Castagne comes in at right-back and Adarabioyo appears at centre-back. Captain Cairney also starts in the midfield, with Willian returning to the team on the right side of the attack.
Forest make five changes to the team that were beaten by Everton at the City Ground. Origi makes his first start since signing on loan from Milan. He comes in for Wood up front. Gibbs-White drops to the bench for only the second time this season, with Hudson-Odoi taking his place on the right. Boly suffered an injury in the last fixture and is replaced by Felipe, who captains the side. Finally, Aina is preferred ahead of Aurier at right-back and Dominguez is picked ahead of Yates in the midfield.
Forest have kept just one clean sheet in their last 11 league games against Fulham, a 1-0 win at Craven Cottage in the Championship in April 2022. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Fulham get this Premier League clash under way.
This is a special match for Fulham winger Willian. He is just the fourth South American - and first Brazilian player - to make 300 Premier League appearances, along with Antonio Valencia (325), Pablo Zabaleta (303) and Nolberto Solano (302).
Fulham have kept the ball well for the opening few minutes of the game. Willian holds possession well on the left before sliding it through to Robinson, who wins a corner. Adarabioyo gets onto the end of the following cross, but he cannot get a good connection on his header.
Diop has the ball in his own half and he looks to switch the play over to the left towards Willian. However, Aina gets across to head it away against his former side.
Forest have started the game slowly. The away side keep gifting the ball back to Fulham, who have retained possession well. Origi has looked isolated up front but has offered a couple of runs forward when his side have had it.
Jimenez drops deep to collect the ball and wins a free-kick off Felipe. Pereira drills a cross into the box, but Castagne is in an offside position.
Aina drags his side forward and wins a free-kick in a promising position after stepping across Willian, who fouls the right-back. Hudson-Odoi curls a cross in from the right, but Adarabioyo heads it out.
Jimenez holds play up well before offloading it to Willian. Pereira springs down the right, but the ball gets stuck under Willian's foot, allowing Sangare to get back and win possession.
Palhinha collects Willian's offload inside from the left and switches a pass over to Iwobi on the right. The former Everton man drops it off to Pereira, but his cross is blocked by Elanga, who gets back well to help his side.
Forest look to go direct to try and force an attack. Murillo steps out of the defence and launches a pass down the left to Elanga, but he makes his run slightly too early and is caught offside.
Willian steps over the ball and moves inside before curling a pass over to Iwobi on the right. He looks to put a cross in the box, but Vlachodimos claims it with ease.
CHANCE! Dominguez collects the ball just past the halfway line and turns in possession. He sends a pass into the feet of Origi, who manages to get it out of his feet before curling a low shot wide from outside the box.
Willian takes a poor touch inside Forest's box, with the away side rushing away on the counter. Elanga rushes down the left side of Fulham's box and looks to go past Pereira, but the Brazilian does well to get a tackle in.
Fulham captain Cairney slips just outside the box on the left but manages to poke a pass through to Jimenez. He gets a shot away from a tight angle, with Vlachodimos getting down to make the save.
Fulham won their first four midweek (Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday) Premier League games last season, before losing the previous two. In games played specifically on Wednesdays, the Cottagers are winless in 11 Premier League games (drawing five and losing six) since a 2-1 win against West Ham in January 2014. They have had plenty of possession in this match, but only one shot on target.
Pereira and Jimenez combine in a tight space just outside Forest's box, with the latter winning a foul off Sangare in a shooting position. Plenty of Fulham players want to take it.
POST! Willian wants to take the free-kick, but he steps away from it. Pereira is the only man over it, with the Brazilian whipping it over the wall and against the outside of the post. The Fulham man wants a corner, but a goal-kick is given.
Fulham are looking to stretch the pitch as much as possible, with Willian on the left and Iwobi on the right. The hosts are switching the play out to their tricky wingers and are having mixed results.
GOALLL! IWOBI SCORES! 1-0 FULHAM! What a goal from the hosts! Bassey brings the ball out of the defence and plays a pass into the feet of Cairney. The captain lays it down the left to Willian, who cuts onto his right foot before curling it across to Iwobi. He gets beyond Toffolo and taps in from close range.
Willian gets an assist on his 300th Premier League appearance. He shifts possession onto his right foot and curls a low cross into a dangerous area. He finds the run of Iwobi, who shoots across the goal and into the bottom corner.
Iwobi has scored two goals in his last three matches, as many as he managed in his previous 59 Premier League games.
Murillo is surrounded in the Fulham box. He gets the ball onto his left foot and blasts a shot over the bar.
GOALLL! JIMENEZ SCORES! 2-0 FULHAM! The Cottagers get their second of the game. Iwobi collects the ball on the right and sends a pass into Pereira. He pokes it into the path of Jimenez, who gets into the box and crashes his effort into the net.
Pereira has been a vital part of Fulham's attack this season and does well to get an assist to his name. He takes a good touch on the edge of the box and finds the run of Jimenez, who finishes clinically.
Jimenez collided with Vlachodimos after scoring. The Forest goalkeeper needs treatment but will be able to continue.
Forest have won just one of their last 17 Premier League away games (drawing four and losing 12), beating Chelsea 1-0 in September. In fact, all four of their away points so far this season have come in London (also a 0-0 draw with Crystal Palace). They will need to stage an almighty comeback if they want to get anything out of this match.
Robinson overlaps Willian on the left and sends a phenomenal low cross into the box. It looks like Iwobi has another simple finish, but  Toffolo gets back to clear it behind for a corner.
Jimenez is playing with confidence after scoring his second goal in four matches. He does brilliantly to head a long pass forward into the feet of Iwobi, who finds Pereira on the inside. However, his touch is poor and Forest have it back.
Forest are struggling to get anything out of the game, with Fulham playing as a team. Dominguez strolls into the opposition's half and has no idea that Jimenez is chasing after him to win back possession. A loud cheer then goes around Craven Cottage.
There will be four minutes of additional time.
Robinson gains possession inside Fulham's half and surges through the middle of the pitch with the ball before getting tackled. Willian looks slightly frustrated on the left as he was completely free.
WIDE! Iwobi goes close to adding his second and Fulham's third. Aina tries to dribble out of danger but slips in possession on the edge of Fulham's box. Iwobi collects it and sends his shot towards the top corner, with his effort going just wide.
Forest win a late corner after a great run from Hudson-Odoi. However, Toffolo's cross is cleared away with ease.
HALF-TIME: FULHAM 2-0 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
Fulham are 2-0 ahead at half-time after goals from Iwobi and Jimenez. Forest struggled to create anything before the break, with Origi going the closest to scoring for the away side. He collected a pass from Dominguez on the edge of the box and curled a low shot around the post. The Cottagers dominated from that point onwards. Iwobi broke the deadlock after a brilliant counter from the hosts. Cairney found Willian, who sent a low cross into the path of Iwobi for a simple finish. Fulham added their second just four minutes later. Pereira slipped in Jimenez, who blasted his shot into the top corner. Iwobi then went close to adding an excellent third, but he whipped his strike just off target from outside the box.
Fulham have been totally dominant in this match. They have had eight shots compared to Forest's two and have had 61.7 per cent of the possession. Their wing play has been excellent, with Willian and Iwobi causing lots of problems. They have stretched the pitch, with Robinson also overlapping brilliantly down the left to create overloads. As for Cooper's men, they only created an xG (expected goals) of 0.1. The Tricky Trees haven't been able to find Origi in the attack enough, with the striker only having 17 touches in his first Forest start in the Premier League. Gibbs-White was warming up before half-time and will probably come on sooner rather than later.
Cooper has seen enough and has decided to make two changes before the restart. Sangare struggled in the midfield before the break and is replaced by Yates.
Gibbs-White has been one of Forest's best players since their return to the Premier League and is now coming on. Dominguez was substituted at half-time in their last away match and makes way again.
Forest get the ball rolling again.
Forest have lost all 66 games that they have played when trailing by two or more goals at half-time. Cooper will be hoping that his changes will make history off the bench.
Robinson tries to flick a clever ball down the left to Willian, but Felipe gets across and clears it up the pitch. Fulham have started the half positively.
Elanga does well to get on the end of a loose ball down the left side of the pitch. He slows down before racing past Cairney, who fouls the Forest man.
Iwobi gets past Elanga with ease down the right and whips an inviting cross into the middle of the box. However, it goes just over the head of Jimenez and Forest clear it away.
Willian races inside and uses his feet to get past Aina. The former Chelsea man then lays it into the path of Jimenez, who touches the ball out of his feet and curls a shot across the goal and wide.
GOALLL! JIMENEZ SCORES AGAIN! 3-0 FULHAM! What a moment for Jimenez, who is back to his best. He gets onto the end of a long ball forward and takes it down with his chest inside the Forest box. He pushes Aina away, goes past Vlachodimos and backheels his effort into an empty net.
Fulham have alternated between defeat and victory in all six of their Premier League home games this season, beating Wolves 3-2 last time out. They’ve failed to score in all three defeats while keeping just one clean sheet in these six games. They have been in complete control of this match, with their fans now cheering every successful pass.
Forest are making another two changes. Origi made a bright start to the match, but his first start for the club is now over. Wood takes his place up front.
Danilo has regularly come off the bench this season for Forest and does it again in this match. Hudson-Odoi is off after a quiet performance on the right.
Fulham are playing the ball around with ease. Castagne lofts a high cross towards the back of the box towards Willian, who touches it past Aina but cannot get a shot away.
Leno has had a simple game in the Fulham net. He is yet to face a shot on target in this match and hasn't had to claim a cross into the box.
Willian's 300th Premier League appearance is now over. He comes off with an assist to his name and is replaced by Wilson, who scored in Fulham's last match.
Jimenez has been fantastic in this game but has a moment to forget as he dribbles the ball straight off the pitch on the right. His face shows a slight bit of frustration at the loose touch.
Forest are supposed to be chasing this match with Fulham in the lead, but they are yet to have a shot in this half. Gibbs-White was brought on at half-time to try and alter the match, but he has had just eight touches.
Forest have their first shot of the half. Aina races down the right and curls a low cross into the path of Wood. He darts towards the near post but directs his effort wide.
Gibbs-White rushes inside from the left and looks to play a quick pass into the path of Danilo. However, the ball is too far ahead of the Brazilian, with Leno collecting it.
Elanga bursts down the left side of the pitch before cutting inside with the ball. He has options around him, but his pass across to Gibbs-White is poor. Palhinha steps across to make a simple interception.
GOALLL! IWOBI SCORES! 4-0 FULHAM! The hosts score again! The Cottagers keep possession well down the right, with Pereira playing a pass back to Cairney, who slides the ball into Wilson inside the box. The substitute cuts it across to Iwobi, who taps in for another easy finish.
Wilson is completely unmarked on the right side of the box, with Cairney finding him with a smart pass. He could shoot from a tight angle but is unselfish and looks for Iwobi instead. He is free and scores for the second time.
Fulham make two changes in this match. Robinson is given a rest and is replaced by Ballo-Toure.
Iwobi will not be given the chance to score his hat-trick. He comes off moments after scoring and is replaced by Cordova-Reid.
Forest make a change in the defence. Captain Felipe makes his way off, with Niakhate coming on.
Yates is the first player to go into the book after a foul on Cairney.
Fulham have had two players score two or more goals for them in the same Premier League game for the fourth time, after February 2006 v West Brom (Helguson, John), March 2012 v Wolves (Pogrebnyak, Dempsey), and May 2023 v Leicester (Cairney, Willian).
Jimenez has already scored two goals in the match and doesn't look happy that he will not be able to get his third. Vinicius comes on in his place up front.
Combative midfielder Palhinha is also given a rest. Lukic is on.
CHANCE! Forest have their first shot on target of the match. Elanga forces Leno into a sharp stop from a tight angle.
Gibbs-White rushes into the middle of Fulham's half and gets beyond his marker. He looks to poke a pass down the left, but his attempt is poor and Castagne is there to make the interception.
GOALLLL! CAIRNEY SCORES! 5-0 FULHAM! The captain adds Fulham's fifth goal. Forest make a mistake in the defence, with Pereira laying the ball into the path of Cairney. He waits for Vlachodimos to commit one way before shooting past the goalkeeper.
Pereira combines quickly with Cairney and sees that the captain is free on the edge of the box. His pass is simple but unselfish, with Cairney finishing with composure.
Fulham have scored five goals in a game for the first time since May 8 2023 against Leicester City (winning 5-3).
Ballo-Toure gets to the byline on the left and wins a corner off Niakhate. Pereira sends it back to Cairney, who recycles possession instead of putting a cross into the box.
There will be five minutes of additional time.
Pereira goes short to Cairney with a corner for a second time in quick succession, with the home fans showing some discontent. They see more goals in this match and want their side to launch the ball into the box.
Pereira's inswinging corner is cleared to the edge of the box towards Cairney. He tries to take the ball down and get a shot away, but Mangala gets in front of him and makes a strong tackle. Leno is now being urged to shoot when he gets on the ball.
FULL-TIME: FULHAM 5-0 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
Jimenez and Iwobi scored twice to help Fulham thrash Forest 5-0 at Craven Cottage. Origi went close to netting his first Forest goal, but he curled a low shot from outside the box around the post. Fulham controlled the rest of the match and scored the opening goal in style. Their quick counter was finished by Iwobi, who got on the end of Willian’s cross from the left to tap in. The Cottagers then doubled their advantage four minutes later. Pereira rolled a pass into Jimenez, who thumped his effort into the top corner. The former Wolves man scored again after the break to net his first brace since January 2020. Jimenez pushed away Aina and dribbled past Vlachodimos before backheeling his shot into an open goal. Iwobi then added his second and Fulham's fourth. Wilson's cutback from the right went straight to him, with Iwobi having the easiest of finishes from close range. Captain Cairney then scored the final goal to complete the route. He made the most of a mistake in the Forest defence and curled his strike past Vlachodimos. Next up, Fulham host West Ham, with Forest travelling to Wolves. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Luton Town and Arsenal at Kenilworth Road.
Arsenal have won three Premier League games in a row to open up a two-point lead on Liverpool and a three-point advantage on reigning champions Manchester City. With those two sides not in action today, Mikel Arteta's side can give themselves a little breathing space at the summit for the time being.
Luton's sole focus is on staying in the top flight following their promotion from the Championship last season. Rob Edwards' men lost 3-1 away to Brentford at the weekend, but they have drawn with Liverpool and beaten Crystal Palace in their past two home matches. They enter this game two points clear of the relegation zone.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-2-1): Thomas Kaminski; Teden Mengi, Gabriel Osho, Amari'i Bell; Issa Kabore, Pelly Ruddock, Ross Barkley, Alfie Doughty; Jacob Brown, Andros Townsend; Elijah Adebayo.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: Chiedozie Ogbene, Luke Berry, Carlton Morris, Tahith Chong, Jordan Clark, Tim Krul, Ryan Giles, Joe Johnson, Zack Nelson.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel, Jakub Kiwior; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Kai Havertz; Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Jesus, Gabriel Martinelli.
ARSENAL SUBS: Aaron Ramsdale, Eddie Nketiah, Cedric Soares, Leandro Trossard, Jorginho, Reiss Nelson, Mohamed Elneny, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Reuell Walters.
Edwards has made four changes to the Luton XI from their loss at Brentford three days ago. Brown has scored in his last two matches as a substitute and is handed a start in attack, while Adebayo is also restored to the frontline, with Ogbene and Morris dropping down to the bench. Former Tottenham winger Townsend and fit-again Doughty are the other two recalled players, taking the places of Chong and injured skipper Tom Lockyer, who is not in the squad.
Arsenal show three changes from their 2-1 win over Wolves on Saturday. Two of those alterations come in defence - or more specifically at full-back - as White and Kiwior replace Zinchenko and Takehiro Tomiyasu, the latter of whom is not in the squad. Havertz also returns to the starting line-up in place of the benched Trossard. Academy product Walters, yet to make his senior debut, is among the defensive cover on the bench.
This is the first meeting between Luton Town and Arsenal in any competition since December 1991, with the Hatters prevailing 1-0 at Kenilworth Road. They would certainly take a repeat of that today in this tussle between sides with contrasting ambitions for the campaign. We are now just a few moments away from kick-off.
Arsenal get us up and running at Kenilworth Road! The Gunners are the strong favourites today, but Liverpool dropped two points here not so long ago.
The visitors, as you would expect, have dominated possession in the early stages. Martinelli shows some great footwork and is wiped out by Townsend close to the touchline for an Arsenal free-kick.
Rice sends the free-kick into a dangerous zone around the penalty spot, but a Luton player gets it clear. Barkley feels he is caught when trying to start a counter, but the referee disagrees.
Mengi barges into the back of Martinelli, who goes to ground. There did not look to be a great deal in it on initial viewing, but the Arsenal physio is on the pitch.
The knee of Mengi went into the back of Martinelli, explaining the Brazilian's discomfort. After a bit of treatment, the Arsenal forward is back on the field.
Martinelli is straight into the thick of the action after returning to the field, but his cross from the left is overhit. Luton try to get the ball forward but the attack fizzles out.
Barkley catches Kiwior and in the process further disrupts Arsenal's rhythm. The visitors have bossed possession early on, but Luton are breaking up play with challenge after challenge - Saka the latest to be taken out.
The Luton backroom staff are frantically pointing something out to Edwards on one of the laptops, presumably tactics related. The home side have enjoyed a rare spell of possession over the past couple of minutes, but that ends with a foul on Saka.
A quarter of an hour into the contest and we have yet to see any efforts at either end. Luton boss Edwards will be pleased with how his side have kept Arsenal quiet, even if they have had 67 per cent of the ball.
Brown gets to the byline, only for his cross to get cut out. Doughty fares no better as Arsenal deal with the second ball into the middle.
Arsenal have not found their rhythm at all, and that is entirely down to Luton. Kabore goes in hard on Martinelli to concede another free-kick - a perfect example of how the Hatters are managing to frustrate their opponents.
White fails to keep a simple ball under control, not helped by the pressure he is being put under. Luton have actually been the better side over the past 10 minutes, albeit without creating much of note, a couple of cleared crosses aside.
GOOOAAALLL!!! LUTON 0-1 ARSENAL! A poor pass back to Kaminski is not really dealt with by the goalkeeper, who kicks it out for a throw-in. Some quick thinking by Jesus from a throw-in has Saka in, and he pulls it back to the penalty spot for Martinelli to tuck away. One shot, one goal for the visitors!
A lapse in Luton concentration is pounced on by Arsenal - and Saka in particular. He looks up, spots Martinelli and nicely plays the ball into the path of his team-mate to do the rest.
The Premier League can be brutal at times, as Luton just found out. They have been the better side overall, but Arsenal find a way through from their first meaningful attack.
Jesus gets a shot away, but it is a simple one for Kaminski to deal with. Luton get up the other end and win the game's first corner through Brown.
GOOOAAALLL!!! LUTON 1-1 ARSENAL!! An instant response from the hosts! Doughty sends in an outswinging corner and Osho is there to head in, pretty much unmarked, from 10 yards out. Terrible defending from the visitors, but a decent header from Osho for his first Premier League goal.
Doughty's corner was into a perfect area for Osho to attack. Luton have made the most of set-piece opportunities this season, this being the latest such example.
SAVE! That Luton goal was a shock to Arsenal's system, having taken the lead against the run of play a few moments beforehand. Jesus gets a shot away from a tight angle, which Kaminski helps into the side netting for a corner that ultimately comes to nothing.
We certainly have a contest on our hands at Kenilworth Road. Luton are giving as good as they get so far - they are more than good value for their leveller.
GREAT SAVE! Jesus does well to lay the ball into the path of Martinelli, who connects well with his shot. Kaminski gets a strong hand to it to deny the Brazilian. This is better from Arsenal.
Brown scythes down Gabriel and is rightly cautioned by referee Samuel Barrott.
Kabore hits the ball into his own hand when trying to clear it and VAR briefly checks for a penalty, but that was never going to be given.
The visitors are looking a little livelier in the attacking third now. If they were not aware of it beforehand, this is not going to be a walk in the park for them. White is frustratingly caught offside, allowing Luton to slow things down.
Arsenal have not won any of their last six Premier League away games when they have conceded at least once (D3 L3), since a 4-2 win at Aston Villa in February.
Saliba goes through Adebayo - that is proving to be a good tussle - and wins his side a free-kick. Luton have done well to disrupt Arsenal's play again over the past few minutes, just like they were doing when it was at 0-0.
CLOSE! Kaminski is called into action again, this time to push aside Saka's curling effort. It is a good save, but one you would expect the Luton keeper to make. Saka is at the heart of every Arsenal attack.
The Arsenal corner is cleared, but replays show that Kabore headed the ball onto his own arm when intervening. Nobody appeals for a penalty, but something very similar was given in PSG's favour against Newcastle last week.
Barkley goes sliding in on Martinelli to become the second Luton player to receive a booking. There was no reason for the midfielder to go to ground there.
GOOOAAAALLL!!!! LUTON 1-2 ARSENAL!! The visitors restore their lead through Jesus! Saka and White exchange passes down the right and the latter floats in a delightful ball that is screaming out for Jesus to attack, and he does just that. Great cross, great header.
White played the ball to Saka, perhaps expecting his more attack-minded team-mate to make something happen. When the ball was played back to him, though, he picked out Jesus superbly.
Jesus is booked for a foul on Barkley late in the first half. The Brazilian pleads with the referee, but that one offence is enough to earn him a caution.
Five minutes have been added on at the end of the first half. Arsenal will feel they are worthy of that lead, having forced Kaminski into a few saves after being pegged back. Can the hosts respond before half-time?
SHOT! Doughty brings the ball out of the sky brilliantly. A cross into the box is cut out for a corner, which Saliba gets to. Luton keep the attack alive and a powerful Mengi drive is right down the throat of Raya.
HALF-TIME: LUTON TOWN 1-2 ARSENAL
Arsenal take a 2-1 lead into half-time thanks to goals from Martinelli and Jesus, either side of an Osho equaliser. A poor backpass from Brown forced Kaminski to play the ball out for a throw, which culminated in Saka teeing up Martinelli for the opener. Osho profited from some disappointing defending to power in a leveller five minutes later, only for Jesus to meet White's floated delivery from the right to restore his side's lead.
Luton boss Edwards will be pretty happy with the overall first-half performance from his side. The hosts did well to disrupt play and keep Arsenal quiet for the majority of the half, although the Gunners did still manage to find a couple of goals. While there is still just the one goal in it, Town have a chance of taking a point from this game.
The hosts get us back under way at Kenilworth Road. Neither manager has made any changes to their personnel at half-time.
Luton have started the second half the brighter of the two sides. Townsend shows some trickery and sends a cross into the box from the right, but it is as simple as you like for Raya to gather under his crossbar.
Doughty does brilliantly to get in between two Arsenal players as he charges into the box from the left. He looks to pick out a team-mate in the middle, but the delivery is cut out. From the next attacking wave, Townsend's long-range drive deflects behind.
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! LUTON 2-2 ARSENAL!! Another corner, another goal for Luton! Doughty sends in an in-swinger from the right this time and Adebayo gets above both Rice and Raya to head in. Poor goalkeeping, that!
Doughty now has two assists for the day. Arsenal cannot deal with his set-piece deliveries! Raya really should have been doing better to get his hands to that corner.
Arsenal are unbeaten in their last 32 Premier League matches when leading at half-time (W29, D3), dating back to January 2022 against Manchester City (1-2). Can Luton score another to pull off an almighty upset?
The offside flag goes up to deny Saka in a bit of a chaotic period, but VAR wants to check an earlier incident. Kiwior is caught by Townsend, possibly on the edge of the box. Alternatively, it may well be that they are looking at Kiwior catching Townsend on the shin. Either way, the referee has resumed the game.
Odegaard sends a decent delivery into the box and it is met by Havertz. He is rather stationary, though, and is unable to guide his header on target.
We are entering the period of the game in which both managers - but mainly Arteta - will be considering a change or two. Arsenal have not got going at all in this second half.
GOOOAAALLL!!! LUTON 3-2 ARSENAL!! The hosts lead! Townsend decides against shooting and instead plays it back to Barkley towards the left. The former Everton midfielder steps over the ball and fires an angled drive on target that goes right under the body of Raya. Yet more terrible goalkeeping!
Townsend was played in by Barkley but did not fancy the shot, so he instead returned it to his team-mate. Fair play to Barkley because the angle was not on his side, yet he still found the net.
Given the whole goalkeeping narrative at Arsenal, all focus will be on Raya at full-time. He has been at fault for at least one goal today, possibly even two.
GOOOAAAALLL!!! LUTON 3-3 ARSENAL! What a game!! Jesus is being dragged down by Mengi but retains his balance and flicks the ball into the path of Havertz, who gets his leg to the ball ahead of Kaminski to get Arsenal back on level terms.
This is brilliant centre-forward play from Jesus. He shows good strength to keep Mengi at bay and then finds Havertz in the middle.
Luton make a triple substitution with an hour played. Top-scoring striker Morris is on for Adebayo up top in the first of those.
Brown is off and Chong on in central midfield as Edwards freshens up his midfield.
Ogbene for Townsend is the third change made by Luton.
The substitutions are coming thick and fast now. Kiwior is off and Zinchenko on in the first of Arsenal's changes.
Martinelli has performed well for Arsenal today, but he is replaced by Trossard with around 25 minutes to go.
Ross Barkley's only previous Premier League goal against Arsenal came back in October 2015 in a 2-1 defeat for Everton at Emirates Stadium. The longest gap (8 years and 42 days) between league goals for a player against the Gunners since Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first against Arsenal in 13 years and 233 days in December 2021.
There has not been a great deal of note happening since Arsenal's equaliser, not helped by the disruption brought about by those five substitutions.
Arsenal, for the first time this half, have a little control. Arteta's men have scored three times and yet they are still not ahead.
Luton seem a little happier to sit back now, leaving just Morris up top. Arsenal have plenty of time to find a winner here, but they must be wary of the counter.
Jesus initially gets away from Bell, and the Luton defender has to be careful not to bring down his opponent. However, Jesus rather comically hits the ball out of play off his own leg.
Arsenal have had seven shots on target to Luton's four. The hosts' latest effort, via Mpanzu, is well off target from range. Saka is in a bit of pain after being caught by Bell.
Saka is being targeted constantly now, with Doughty the latest to take him out from behind. Luton are not afraid to get in their opponents' faces, and it is paying off for now.
Odegaard is picked out by White from a throw but is not really able to do anything with the ball inside the box. Arsenal are still on top, but they are not exactly creating anything of note.
SAVE! Odegaard gets a shot on target from 20 yards, which is a nice one for Kaminski to keep out down to his right. The Gunners possibly starting to turn the screw here.
Saka gets a yard on Bell, but the cross is cut out for a corner. The Arsenal forward sends it under the crossbar, but it is a player in orange who gets on the end of it.
CHANCE! Saka is involved in everything at the moment. He wins the ball and cuts in between Bell and Morris, before tapping it into the path of Trossard. The substitute has a small part of the goal to aim for, but his effort deflects over the bar.
Trossard lets the ball run through but the opportunity to get a shot away does not arise. VAR checks for a possible Osho foul on Saka, but it is not deemed worthy of checking. Play resumes.
Trossard is finding himself in some great positions. White's cross is headed on by Havertz and is just out of the reach of Trossard at the back stick to make proper contact.
Around six minutes of normal time remaining and it is Arsenal who are asking all the questions now. Odegaard plays a free-kick low into the path of Jesus, but he is unable to find a team-mate. The Gunners certainly looking as though they have a late winner in them, though.
Yet more clever football from Arsenal, and Trossard in particular, but once again the final pass is lacking as Luton win a goal kick.
Ogbene's eyes light up as he finds himself in space down the left, but his cross is horribly overhit. Arsenal need to be aware of Town's ability to counter.
SAVE! This is superb play from Arsenal. They work the ball to Zinchenko, who hangs the ball up for Havertz to meet. It initially looks like being a superb save, but replays show it was actually going over the crossbar.
SHOT! Trossard's first-time effort from 20 yards skims just wide of the post. Kaminski looked worried as he dived to his left.
Mpanzu is taken off for the closing stages, with Clark brought on in his place.
Giles for Doughty at left wing-back is Luton's fifth and final change.
Saka is still trying his best to make something happen, but he is crowded out on the edge of the Luton box. This is not quite relentless pressure from Arsenal, but they are certainly knocking on the door.
Six minutes have been added on at the end of this thrilling game at Kenilworth Road.
Arsenal win themselves another corner in the second minute of added time. Saka delivers and Osho heads away. Trossard's shot from range is then blocked by Chong.
Luton supporters are urging their side over the line now. What a massive point this would be in their fight for survival. White's low cross from the right hits Ogbene for a late Arsenal corner...
Another Arsenal corner comes to nothing. Luton are standing firm, as Saka's latest cross is not met by one of his team-mates.
We have played the six minutes of added time. Surely there is not one more late chance for the visitors - or indeed the hosts?
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! LUTON 3-4 ARSENAL!!!! This is incredible!! In the seventh minute of stoppage time, Rice outjumps Osho and heads Odegaard's exquisite cross into the bottom corner to surely win it for Arsenal. The Gunners have thrown everything at this and have been duly rewarded.
Odegaard did not have much of an angle to work with, but he put the ball into a good area and Rice got above Osho to guide in a late, late winner.
FULL-TIME: LUTON TOWN 3-4 ARSENAL
Arsenal win a thrilling Premier League contest 4-3 at Kenilworth Road to move five points clear at the summit ahead of the chasing pack playing later in the week. Martinelli and Jesus scored either side of Osho's header to put the visitors ahead at the break, but Adebayo headed home early in the second half to level up. Barkley put Town in front, only for Havertz to equalise on the hour and Rice to win it right at the very death. Just how big a result could that be at both ends of the table come the end of the season? Luton now have five days to get this loss out of their system before hosting Manchester City, while Arsenal - who will lead the table regardless going into the weekend - travel to Aston Villa on Saturday. That concludes our live coverage from Kenilworth Road. Thanks for joining!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Sheffield United and Liverpool at Bramall Lane!
Being thumped 5-0 by Burnley heralded both the sacking of Paul Heckingbottom and Chris Wilder's Sheffield United comeback, and the latter's Bramall Lane return comes with his boyhood club rooted to the foot of the Premier League table. The Blades have a four-point deficit to 17th-placed Luton Town, having won just once and failed to keep a single clean sheet in the league this season. Following five successive top-flight defeats to Liverpool, the Yorkshire side today seek a first win over the Reds since 2003.
Liverpool extended their perfect home record with a remarkable 4-3 victory over Fulham last weekend, when Trent Alexander-Arnold's 87th-minute strike secured the Reds' 11th win from 11 games at Anfield. As a result, Jurgen Klopp's men sit second in the Premier League standings, five points below leaders Arsenal. However, only one of Liverpool's last six away games has ended in success - a 2-1 EFL Cup win away to Bournemouth - and each of their 10 road trips this season has seen them concede at least one goal.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-5-2): Wes Foderingham; Jack Robinson, Anel Ahmedhodzic, Auston Trusty; Jayden Bogle, Vinicius, Gustavo Hamer, James McAtee, Andre Brooks; William Osula, Cameron Archer.
SUBS: Adam Davies, Max Lowe, Luke Thomas, Yasser Larouci, Oliver Norwood, Anis Ben Slimane, Benie Traore, John Fleck, Femi Seriki.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Caoimhin Kelleher; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Virgil van Dijk, Ibrahima Konate, Joe Gomez; Alexis Mac Allister, Wataru Endo, Dominik Szoboszlai; Luis Diaz, Cody Gakpo, Mohamed Salah.
SUBS: Adrian, Ryan Gravenberch, Jarell Quansah, Marcelo, Harvey Elliott, Darwin Nunez, Conor Bradley, Curtis Jones, Kostas Tsimikas.
Wilder starts his second spell in charge of Sheffield United without striker Oli McBurnie, who is suspended after his red card against Burnley. In one of five changes, Osula replaces McBurnie up front; Bogle, Vinicius, McAtee and Brooks all come in too. George Baldock succumbed to a hamstring injury on Saturday, while Chris Basham, John Egan and ex-Liverpool forward Rhian Brewster are among those still sidelined.
Joel Matip may have joined several team-mates in Liverpool's treatment room folllowing the win over Fulham, but Ibrahima Konate is now ready to replace him in the visitors' starting XI. Endo starts after scoring as a substitute last weekend, while Gakpo and Gomez are also promoted. Alisson, Diogo Jota, Andrew Robertson, Thiago Alcantara and Stefan Bajcetic all remain unavailable.
The players are out on the pitch at a packed Bramall Lane, and kick-off is now just moments away!
Liverpool kick off, and we are under way in Sheffield!
Hamer delivers a curling free-kick into the box from the right, but two late-arriving team-mates can't quite get a boot on it near the back post and the ball whistles wide.
After a clumsy challenge by Vinicius in central midfield, Mac Allister is left writhing around on the turf in apparent agony. Liverpool's medical staff rush on, and the game comes to a halt while he receives treatment.
With an average age of 24 years and 239 days, United’s starting XI tonight is the second-youngest they have ever named for a Premier League game, only ahead of their final day line-up of the 1992-93 campaign versus Chelsea (24 years 210 days).
Cautiously, Mac Allister returns to his feet with some help, then jogs gently towards the touchline. It seems like he'll be fit enough to continue, but the game resumes with Liverpool momentarily a man down.
Mac Allister is back in the thick of things in midfield, as the game searches for some rhythm. After Diaz dashes up the left wing and dinks over a cross to the back post, Salah slashes his first-time shot well over the crossbar.
Causing havoc in the hosts' penalty area, Szoboszlai sends over a dipping corner from the left, which Robinson has to head over his own crossbar. Liverpool can't make anything of the second corner-kick though.
SAVE! Kelleher keeps Liverpool level! A counter-attack by the Blades ends with McAtee being set free past Gomez and into the box, and the young midfielder's side-foot volley from 10 yards forces the Irish goalkeeper into a smart stop at close range!
Gomez holds onto the ball for too long on the left wing, then sends a pass towards Diaz straight out of play. It's not quite clicking for Liverpool at the moment - though it's worth remembering both teams have made several personnel changes today.
On the left byline, Diaz latches on to a searching ball up from the back, then cuts it back for Gakpo on the edge of the area. However, the latter can't get a shot away, and Liverpool's attack ultimately falters.
A collision between United goalkeeper Foderingham and captain Ahmedhodzic sees the action temporarily brought to a halt, but both are soon back on their feet and play then continues.
After a scuffed cross by Gomez earns Liverpool a corner-kick, Van Dijk reaches the ball first but sees his tame effort tipped over by Foderingham. Then, the follow-up set-piece results in Mac Allister driving a 20-yard shot well over the crossbar.
Another Liverpool corner is cleared, before they recycle the ball and Konate directs a weak header towards goal, causing Foderingham to dive across and make a regulation save. The visitors are looking a little more cohesive now, but are just lacking some sharpness in the final third.
With 79 per cent possession so far - and 87 per cent over the past 10 minutes - Liverpool have certainly established themselves as the dominant force at Bramall Lane. United won't mind playing without the ball, though, and are still very much in this game.
Konate's sweeping crossfield ball towards Diaz on the left is cut out by Bogle, who has to concede another corner-kick. Following the Reds' latest set-piece situation, Hamer ultimately clears the ball to safety.
A promising move by the home side is stopped in its tracks when Osula tries to release Archer into the area, only to see his team-mate flagged for offside.
It's still one-way traffic at Bramall Lane, with Liverpool patiently probing for an opening, and Sheffield United sitting back and hoping to counter. Can Klopp's men make their dominance pay before the break? They'll perhaps need to be a bit more precise with their final ball.
Archer sees the ball stolen by Salah deep in United territory, then the Liverpool winger turns into the area and hits the deck under challenge by Vinicius. The game goes on, though, after the VAR completes a quick check for a possible penalty.
Endo receives the game's first booking for a needless foul on Trusty. He'll have to tread carefully now.
Ahmedhodzic heads straight at Kelleher from inside the area, following a long throw hurled into the box from out on the left. Such deliveries could be United's best route to scoring today.
LIVERPOOL LEAD! Alexander-Arnold's corner from the right falls into the area, where Gakpo misses it with a leap and the ball drops into Van Dijk's path. The Liverpool skipper then side-foots the ball past Foderingham from 10 yards out, picking out the bottom-left corner! It's 1-0 to the visitors, who fully merit their advantage.
Alexander-Arnold's set-piece mastery prevails again, as his corner is swung over from the right and finally lands at the feet of goalscorer Van Dijk.
Another Alexander-Arnold corner finds Van Dijk, but this time the Dutch defender is off-target with his effort. He rises highest in the box, but heads over the crossbar from close range.
Liverpool are pushing for a second goal before half-time: the increasingly influential Alexander-Arnold tries a rather hopeful shot from outside the box, but sees it sail high over the top, accompanied by jeers from the home fans.
Liverpool have now attempted the last five shots, with United's last attempt at goal taken by Archer as long ago as the 18th minute.
Hampered by the ball being a little behind him, Salah shoots tamely at Foderingham from the right side of the area, following a throughball by Szoboszlai.
There are to be at least six minutes of stoppage time at the end of this first half, as Mac Allister's early injury held up proceedings for quite a while.
Wilder stands impassively on the touchline as McAtee sends a 25-yard free-kick well over the crossbar and into the stand behind Kelleher's goal. It seems as if the home side are going to end this half goalless.
SHARP STOP! With great confidence and technique, Mac Allister controls the ball and then shoots in one motion, testing Foderingham from just inside the box! The goalkeeper reaches up and tips the volleyed effort over for another Liverpool corner-kick!
HALF-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-1 LIVERPOOL
Although short of both rhythm and fluency, Liverpool still lead at Bramall Lane, as their total dominance of the ball finally paid when captain Van Dijk turned the ball home from close range following an Alexander-Arnold corner. Chris Wilder's homecoming started brightly enough from a Sheffield United point of view, with McAtee testing Kelleher early on, but the Blades have rarely threatened since and may need to have a rethink during the break. Can the hosts eke out more possession during the second half, or could a set-piece get them back into the game?
Continuing his purple patch by setting up Liverpool's opener today, Alexander-Arnold now has 75 assists in all competitions for the Merseyside club; since his debut in October 2016, only Kevin De Bruyne (129) and Mohamed Salah (80) have racked up more for Premier League teams. With absences reducing Klopp's options at the moment, the England star is increasingly influential - he has also created more chances (three) than any other player in this game.
The home side kick off, and we are back under way at Bramall Lane!
Brooks dances inside from the left, then whips in a dangerous low ball for Osula in the area. Van Dijk is alert, though, and guides it away for a corner, which ultimately comes to nothing.
Mac Allister is brought down again - this time by Bogle's ill-timed tackle - and once more he stays on the turf. Eventually, it is decided that the medics won't be required, and the referee gestures to his watch as if to assure Sheffield United this time will be added on at the end of the game.
While United have picked up just one point from seven games after trailing at the break this season, Liverpool are unbeaten in their last 129 Premier League matches when leading at half-time - a streak dating back to December 2016.
Gakpo and Salah work a few feet of space on the right, before the latter feeds Alexander-Arnold's overlapping run with a throughball. A deflection then carries the ball into the side-netting for another Liverpool corner.
SUPER SAVE! Salah is denied by Foderingham! The goalkeeper reaches up and gets a strong hand to the Liverpool winger's powerful volley, tipping the ball over his crossbar! That keeps his team in it!
For the third time today, Mac Allister drops to the deck, and it looks like the Liverpool midfielder cannot continue. He took a heavy blow during the first half, and it seems to have taken its toll. Klopp's injury woes continue.
Due to injury, Mac Allister is withdrawn from Liverpool's midfield, and Jones jogs on to replace him.
Supporting his back three, Bogle chases back and halts an incisive sprint down the left flank by Diaz, who is on the brink of United's box. That's excellent defending from the wing-back.
For deliberately clipping Archer midway through the Liverpool half, Konate becomes the second Liverpool player booked today.
Mirroring events in the first half, Liverpool have had a 79 per cent share of possession since the interval - but they've yet to find a decisive second goal. Until they do, a flicker of hope remains for the hosts.
Salah's throughball for Jones on the right is delayed just too long, and the latter is caught narrowly offside. It looks like Liverpool are going to make a couple of changes now.
Klopp introduces fresh legs for the closing stages of this game. First, Diaz makes way for Nunez in Liverpool's front three.
Salah's shift is also over; Elliott is sent on to replace him.
Konate takes a slight blow to the head, causing a brief delay, but the French defender is soon fit enough to continue and the game goes on, moving closer towards its conclusion.
Liverpool may have lost just one of their last 12 Premier League away games, but they’re also winless in their last four. Klopp will be keen to close this one out, as dropping points here could prove a costly slip-up in the title race.
Gakpo's chipped pass towards the right byline is too strong for Elliott, and the ball rolls frustratingly out of play. There's no doubt that Liverpool have been far from their fluent best - Klopp's touchline ranting would suggest that, too - but they still lead with less than 20 minutes of the 90 to play.
Wilder decides to shake things up a little, making a double substitution. First, Brooks is replaced by Fleck.
Traore is also sent on, with Osula making way.
GOOD SAVE! Alexander-Arnold slips a lovely low ball through to Nunez, who angles his run towards the right corner of the area. He fails to get enough height on his shot, though, and the on-rushing Foderingham makes another smart stop on the edge of his six-yard box!
From the left, Robinson hurls another long throw into the Liverpool area, but it bounces twice without a Sheffield United touch before being cleared to safety by the visitors.
After a conference between Szoboszlai and Alexander-Arnold, the latter's free-kick delivery into the area is initially cleared away from danger, but Liverpool reclaim the ball and start to build more pressure. The Blades just cannot get out of their own half here.
Having petulantly kicked the ball way after running it out of play on the right, Nunez is shown a yellow card by the referee.
A misplaced pass towards Elliott sees Nunez thwarted, after a charging run had opened up some space through the centre of Sheffield United's midfield. The substitute's touch has been lacking since arriving from the bench.
Both managers make a further change. First, Liverpool take off the ineffective Gakpo, to be replaced by his compatriot Gravenberch.
Vinicius is withdrawn, and Norwood comes into the hosts' midfield.
The Bramall Lane faithful are in uproar after an apparent shove by Konate on McAtee goes unpunished. The latter is sent sprawling in the Liverpool area, but neither the referee nor VAR are interested.
Trusty is now withdrawn, and Lowe comes on to replace him.
Archer volleys the ball into the ground from near the penalty spot, then sees it loop up harmlessly over Kelleher's crossbar. United claim a corner-kick, but the referee gives the decision Liverpool's way.
An ugly lunge on Szoboszlai earns Norwood a yellow card - that means he'll miss this weekend's clash with Brentford through suspension.
In the second of at least six added minutes at the end of this match, Sheffield United have committed a few more bodies forward in search of a late equaliser. That leaves some space for Liverpool to exploit, but the hosts have to go for it now.
SZOBOSZLAI SEALS IT! Liverpool finally secure victory, it's 2-0 to the Reds! Nunez steals the ball in midfield, then zips a pass across the box for Szoboszlai, who kills it with his first touch before side-footing home from close range! Foderingham is left helpless, and that wraps up all three points for the visitors!
Nunez is perhaps fortunate not to concede a free-kick when winning the ball back on the right flank, but he then delivers a precise pass for Szoboszlai to convert from close in.
Due to dissent after Liverpool's second goal, Bogle is booked.
FULL-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-2 LIVERPOOL
Moving back within two points of Arsenal at the Premier League summit, below-par Liverpool see off struggling Sheffield United and secure a 2-0 victory with goals late in either half. Van Dijk and Szoboszlai both converted coolly from close range to make the Reds' dominance of possession pay, while their hosts battled bravely without posing much threat in the final third. This result extends Liverpool's unbeaten run in the top flight to its eighth game, and they will aim to prolong such a streak on Saturday, when in the second of three straight away fixtures they visit Selhurst Park to meet Crystal Palace. Meanwhile, the beaten Blades host Brentford this weekend, with Wilder hoping to get off the mark in his second spell as United boss. That's all from Bramall Lane today, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello everyone and welcome to live text commentary of the Premier League showdown between Tottenham and West Ham.
Fifth place plays ninth in this tasty London derby at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. The hosts are desperate to end a run of four straight matches without a win, while their visitors are unbeaten in five across all competitions.
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Ben Davies, Destiny Udogie; Yves Bissouma, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg; Brennan Johnson, Giovani Lo Celso, Dejan Kulusevski; Son Heung-Min.
SUBS: Fraser Forster, Alfie Dorrington, Emerson Royal, Oliver Skipp, Pape Sarr, Jamie Donley, Richarlison, Bryan Gil, Alejo Veliz.
Ange Postecoglou makes two changes from Spurs' entertaining 3-3 draw with Manchester City last weekend. Romero returns from a three-match suspension in the heart of defence, with Emerson dropping to the bench. Hojbjerg also comes into the starting XI in place of Gil, who is named among the substitutes. A lengthy injury list features the likes of James Maddison, Eric Dier, Micky van de Ven and Ivan Perisic.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Lukasz Fabianski; Vladimir Coufal, Kurt Zouma, Nayef Aguerd, Emerson; Edson Alvarez, James Ward-Prowse; Mohammed Kudus, Tomas Soucek, Lucas Paqueta; Jarrod Bowen.
SUBS: Joseph Anang, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Thilo Kehrer, Aaron Cresswell, Angelo Ogbonna, Pablo Fornals, Divin Mubama, Danny Ings, Said Benrahma.
David Moyes also makes two alterations from West Ham. Zouma returns to captain the Hammers in the heart of defence after missing the weekend draw with Crystal Palace following a burglary at his home. The other change comes in goal with Fabianski making his first Premier League start of the season. He replaces Alphonse Areola, who injured his wrist in training on Wednesday. The visitors remain without Michail Antonio, who is still coming back from a knee injury.
Tottenham have prevailed in three of their last four Premier League meetings with West Ham on this ground. Although, the Hammers do have fond memories of this fixture, having inflicted Spurs' first league defeat at their new home courtesy of a 1-0 victory in April 2019.
The teams make their way out onto the pitch and we are fast approaching kick-off at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
Referee Michael Salisbury blows his whistle and Tottenham get the match under way.
The hosts go straight onto the attack as Udogie wins possession high up the field. He finds Son, who in turn slips the ball through for Kulusevski on the edge of the box. The latter goes to ground after colliding with Fabianski, but a goal-kick is given. He appeared to be in an offside position anyway, so any goal would likely not have counted.
Spurs threaten again following a corner. After their first threat is dealt with, Porro whips a delicious ball into the box from the left flank. However, Fabianski is alert and gathers from the air.
A comedic moment sees Hojbjerg fall to the ground after getting his feet in a proper tangle inside the box. Sarcastic cheers can be heard from the away end, and it is one of those moments the Spurs midfielder would have hoped not many people saw!
Of course, Tottenham have lost both their last two Premier League home games. You must go back to September 2008 under Juande Ramos for the last time they suffered three successive defeats on home soil.
Enjoying over 90 per cent of the possession, it has been a thoroughly dominant start by Spurs. Although, West Ham are doing well to maintain their concentration levels at the moment.
ROMERO!!! 1-0 TOTTENHAM! Welcome back! Just 11 minutes into his return, Romero makes just the impact he would have wanted! The centre-half rises above Alvarez and Aguerd to meet Porro's corner, and firmly plant a header beyond Fabianski.
Porro's corner was precise and begging to be attacked. Romero duly obliged.
West Ham look to respond immediately and Kudus finds himself in an advanced position, but the offside flag stops him in his tracks.
Although it did not end in a goal, West Ham will be encouraged by that response. The Hammers have been very much on the back foot so far, and must look to gain a foothold in the contest.
Tottenham attack again and space opens for Son to take aim from the edge of the area. But the Spurs skipper sends his attempt straight into Fabianski's arms.
West Ham are awarded a corner and Ward-Prowse whips a dangerous delivery into the six-yard box. Zouma attacks it, but cannot quite keep his header on target under pressure from the goalkeeper.
It looks more like a basketball contest at the moment with both sides taking turns attacking. Following a neat exchange of passes, Lo Celso tries his luck from distance, but his attempt is high and wide of the target.
Tottenham are still a goal to the good at the midway point of an entertaining first half. Romero's header separates the sides, but both are looking dangerous going forward.
Kudus dispossesses Udogie deep inside the Tottenham half and goes for goal from range. It is on target, but never troubling Vicario.
Following Romero's header, West Ham have now failed to keep a clean sheet in each of their last 12 away Premier League matches. Although, the Hammers will be encouraged by the fact they have scored at least once in their last eight such games.
West Ham look to counter and Ward-Prowse quickly switches the play to Paqueta. But the latter's touch is too heavy and Spurs can clear their lines.
Kudus is one-on-one with Vicario after latching onto a throughball, but drags his shot wide of the target. However, his blushes are somewhat spared by the late raising of the offside flag.
There is a concern for West Ham as Paqueta stays down and is in need of attention. The medical team enter the pitch to tend to the midfielder.
SAVE! After Paqueta makes his way to the sidelines, Tottenham look to capitalise on their brief numerical advantage. The ball sits up nicely for Lo Celso to strike on the volley from the edge of the box, but Fabianski does well to beat it away.
Spurs maintain their threat with West Ham struggling to get out. Johnson latches onto a clever throughball into the box, but he shoots straight at Fabianski from a tight angle.
West Ham survive again. Fabianski can only punch Lo Celso's cross straight to Kulusevski, whose shot is blocked by Emerson, before Bissouma eventually sends the follow-up attempt over.
The Hammers look to respond before half-time. Kudus skips inside from the right wing and evades a couple of challenges. He then looks for Paqueta, who is unable to accept his pass due to being in an offside position, and that takes the sting out of the visitors' threat.
We are into the final minute of regulation time in this first half. Can Tottenham hold out until the break or can West Ham find an equaliser?
There will be two additional minutes played at the end of this first half.
OFF THE POST! Almost an own goal by Zouma! Tottenham push for a second goal and the ball is neatly worked out to Lo Celso, who fires it into the six-yard box. Having to cut it out, a sliding Zouma sees the ball ricochet off him and onto the left post with Fabianski beaten.
HALF-TIME: TOTTENHAM 1-0 WEST HAM
Tottenham lead West Ham by a goal to nil at the midway point in this London derby. Romero marked his return from suspension by opening the scoring from a header in the 11th minute. The hosts almost went 2-0 up in first-half stoppage time, when Zouma turned Lo Celso's cross dangerously against his own post.
Although they lead, Spurs will be disappointed not to be heading into the break with a healthier advantage. Indeed, they dominated large periods of the first half with over three quarters of the possession, while registering 13 shots on goal to their opponents' four.
We are off and running again as West Ham get the ball rolling once more.
Tottenham maintain the pressure following a corner. Porro plays a neat one-two with Lo Celso and looks for the far corner, but there is just too much elevation on his attempt.
Spurs have won just three of their last nine home midweek Premier League matches, having prevailed in 14 of their previous 15 such games.
BOWEN!!! 1-1! Smash and grab from West Ham! The visitors equalise out of nowhere. Bowen is initially involved as they quickly counter. Kudus lines up a shot and his attempt ricochets off both Tottenham centre-halves before falling kindly for Bowen, who calmly lifts the ball into the roof of the net.
It is a landmark goal for Bowen, who scores for West Ham for the 50th time in all competitions. It is also the seventh successive Premier League away match in which he has found the net.
West Ham have their tails up as they look to turn this contest on its head. Coufal shows great strength as he outmuscles Udogie and finds Bowen. He and Ward-Prowse combine to tee up Paqueta, but his precise attempt is read by Vicario.
Emerson receives the first yellow card of the game for bringing down Porro on Tottenham's right flank.
Porro goes in late on Paqueta and the right-back can have no complaints as his name goes into the book.
This contest is finely poised as we pass the hour mark at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. It really could go either way.
Vicario produces a smart reflex save to deny Soucek's volley from point-blank range. However, it would not have counted as the midfielder was offside as he made the move to connect with Coufal's cross.
Bowen's equaliser was his seventh away goal in the Premier League this season. No West Ham player has ever scored more in a single campaign, as he matches the tally of Trevor Morley (1993-94) and Paulo Wanchope (1999-2000).
Tottenham make a double change. The first of these sees Richarlison brought on in place of Hojbjerg.
The hosts' other change sees Lo Celso make way to be replaced by Skipp in the middle of the park.
There is concern for West Ham, who lost Areola to injury on Wednesday, as Fabianski stays down. Thankfully, the latter is soon back on his feet and able to continue.
CHANCE! Richarlison should score! The substitute is unmarked in the six-yard box as he connects with Porro's deep cross at the far post. However, he can only head wide with only Fabianski to beat.
GOOD SAVE! Spurs continue to apply the pressure and a patient build-up culminates in Porro getting a shot away. But Fabianski is alert at his near post to beat the attempt to safety.
WARD-PROWSE!!! 2-1 WEST HAM! The turnaround is complete! Vicario is forced to dash off his line to prevent Bowen from latching onto Udogie's short backpass. But in doing so, he sends it straight to Ward-Prowse, who hits the post, but is completely unchallenged as he subsequently tucks the rebound into the empty net.
Suddenly, West Ham lead at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. As things stand, the Hammers are on course for only their second victory in 11 Premier League London derbies away from home.
Spurs look to respond and Son whips a free-kick into the box from the left flank. However, Paqueta is alert at the near post and heads the ball to safety.
Ward-Prowse goes into the book after a challenge on Richarlison.
Can Son stand up and be counted for Tottenham? The skipper has been directly involved in eight goals in his eight Premier League home games against West Ham, scoring five and assisting three. He has also found the net in his last three such matches.
Spurs make a couple more changes. The first of them sees Bissouma make way to be replaced by Gil.
Johnson is the other player to make way for Spurs. Sarr comes on in his place for the final six minutes.
West Ham push for a third goal that would surely put the game beyond Tottenham. Ward-Prowse sends a corner into the six-yard box, but the hosts just about scramble the ball away.
Son, who was unable to build on his impressive streak against West Ham, makes way with Veliz taking his place for the latter stages.
There is also activity on the West Ham bench. Kudus is given a breather with Fornals coming on in midfield.
Desperate to win the ball from Bowen, Romero goes in strong and catches the West Ham forward late. He goes into the book as a result.
The fourth official indicates there will be a minimum of five additional minutes at the end of this game. There is still time for Tottenham, but can West Ham hang on?
Alvarez is shown a yellow card as West Ham desperately try to hold out for all three points.
Time is runnng out for Tottenham, but they are awarded a free-kick on the edge of the box after Bowen trips Porro. Can the hosts make the most of this?
Porro's free-kick strikes Zouma and deflects behind for a corner. Spurs claim it hit the West Ham skipper on the arm, but a VAR check quickly rules that out.
Kulusevski goes into the book after a foul on Paqueta. West Ham are nearly there.
FULL-TIME: TOTTENHAM 1-2 WEST HAM
West Ham come from behind to heap more misery on Tottenham by snatching a 2-1 derby victory. Spurs led at half-time thanks to Romero's 11th-minute header. However, the Hammers hit back after the interval, Bowen equalising within seven minutes of the restart. The visitors then completed the turnaround 16 minutes from time when Ward-Prowse slotted into an empty net following a mix-up between Udogie and Vicario. West Ham will look to maintain their six-match unbeaten streak when they travel to Fulham on Sunday, while Tottenham will look to end their five-game winless run when they host Newcastle United on the same day. That's all for today. Thank you for following our coverage. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this midweek Premier League fixture as Wolves welcome Burnley to Molineux!
Wolves return to Molineux looking to respond to a pair of back-to-back defeats in London, having gone down to Fulham and Arsenal last week. While Gary O'Neil was frustrated by a series of controversial decisions in the first of those losses, he could have few complaints at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday as Wolves left themselves with a mountain to climb, and Matheus Cunha's outstanding strike was too little, too late in a 2-1 defeat. They will hope to get back to winning ways here, and this may be the first time they have been favourites for a home game this season, having hosted Brighton, Liverpool, Manchester City, Aston Villa, Newcastle United and Tottenham so far in 2023-24.
Burnley, meanwhile, breathed fresh life into their survival hopes on Saturday by routing fellow relegation candidates Sheffield United 5-0 at Turf Moor, ending a six-game losing run and hastening the end of Paul Heckingbottom's tenure with the Blades. Vincent Kompany's Clarets are now just two points adrift of Luton Town in 17th, and with the Hatters facing a difficult clash with Arsenal later on Tuesday, they will be looking to climb out of the relegation zone with a victory in the West Midlands!
WOLVES (3-4-3): Dan Bentley; Maximilian Kilman, Craig Dawson, Toti Gomes; Nelson Semedo, Joao Gomes, Mario Lemina, Hugo Bueno; Pablo Sarabia, Matheus Cunha, Hwang Hee-chan.
WOLVES SUBS: Matt Doherty, Santiago Bueno, Boubacar Traore, Fabio Silva, Sasa Kalajdzic, Tommy Doyle, Jean-Ricner Bellegarde, Tom King, Tawanda Chirewa.
BURNLEY (4-4-2): James Trafford; Vitinho, Dara O'Shea, Hjalmar Ekdal, Charlie Taylor; Jacob Bruun Larsen, Sander Berge, Josh Brownhill, Luca Koleosho; Jay Rodriguez, Zeki Amdouni.
BURNLEY SUBS: Johann Gudmundsson, Nathan Redmond, Anass Zaroury, Aaron Ramsey, Ameen Al Dakhil, Mike Tresor, Hannes Delcroix, Wilson Odobert, Arijanet Muric.
O'Neil makes four changes to the Wolves side which started at Arsenal, with one of those enforced after Jose Sa failed to recover from a back issue he sustained in that game. Bentley replaces him in goal, while Bellegarde, Doyle and Traore are replaced by Sarabia, Gomes and Lemina after the latter duo served one-match bans on Saturday. Full-back Jonny Otto has been exiled following what O'Neil described as a "training ground incident", so young midfielder Chirewa keeps his place on the bench.
Kompany makes just one change to the Burnley lineup which began Saturday's thrashing of Sheffield United, with defender Jordan Beyer suspended due to an accumulation of yellow cards. Ekdal comes in alongside former West Bromwich Albion defender O'Shea in the heart of their backline. The likes of Jack Cork, Josh Cullen and Lyle Foster are absent.
Wolves have both scored and conceded in each of their last 11 league games. They last had a longer such run between August and October 1985 in the third tier (12 games). Are we in for an entertaining contest here? The teams are out, and kick-off is rapidly approaching!
We're under way at Molineux for the first of the Premier League's full set of midweek fixtures! Hwang with the first kick for Wolves.
Wolves are looking to move the ball patiently in their 3-4-3 shape in the early moments. It's worked out to Semedo on the right-hand touchline, and he's fouled by Koleosho.
We have a booking inside 90 seconds here as Kilman charges out of the Wolves backline to carry the ball through the lines. Brownhill lunges in to bring him down, and the Burnley skipper is walking a tightrope already.
Lemina is potentially fortunate to avoid an early booking of his own after hauling Koleosho down on the Burnley left. Bruun Larsen delivers the resulting free-kick, but an old gold shirt is there to clear.
Wolves have scored at least once in each of their last 13 Premier League home games, their longest such run since a run of 14 between April 2019 and January 2020. However, they've also failed to keep a clean sheet in each of their last seven in the league at Molineux.
Burnley are pressing high and forcing errors from Wolves early on, with Koleosho pressuring Kilman into a sliced clearance. However, the Clarets are forced back from the resulting throw-in and misplace a pass out of play on halfway.
Wolves are living a little dangerously as Bentley just manages to play a side-footed pass around Rodriguez under pressure inside his own area. Almost all of the game has been played in the hosts' half thus far. This is a big opportunity for Bentley, with first-choice goalkeeper Sa missing out with a minor back injury.
Wolves look to have a three-on-one on the counterattack for a brief moment, but Sarabia doesn't get his head up quickly enough to find Hwang or Semedo and eventually concedes possession. The Spaniard was the hero against Tottenham in Wolves' last home game with a goal and an assist in stoppage time, and he's started on the left of O'Neil's front three here.
Hugo Bueno breaks over halfway for Wolves, but he lacks support and is felled by a hard-but-fair challenge from Vitinho. Wolves are quickly back in possession, however, as they look to work their way into this game after a low-key opening.
Having won their first three Premier League meetings with Burnley between 2009 and 2018, Wolves are now winless in their last seven against them in the competition (three draws, four defeats).
Burnley right-back Vitinho appears to be hobbling after making that earlier challenge on Hugo Bueno. Wolves work the ball out to their left in a bid to test him, and O'Shea has to come over to head Sarabia's floated cross away.
It's been a very tame start to this game, with neither team managing a shot of any description as we approach the 15-minute mark. Both sides look to be feeling each other out at Molineux.
Good goalkeeping! Burnley stand off Kilman, who launches a throughball over the top of the Clarets' block, looking for Sarabia. O'Neil applauds the intention, but it just runs too long and Trafford comes off his line to claim it.
A big cheer goes up as Bruun Larsen takes a poor touch under pressure from Toti, flicking the ball directly out of play. It's all been very cautious thus far.
Berge skips into the area before offloading to Bruun Larsen, who lays it off for Brownhill on the edge of the box. He attempts the first shot of the game, and it deflects well wide for a corner. Bentley played Wolves into trouble again at the start of that move...
Burnley go for a corner-kick routine off the training ground, working it neatly into Brownhill, but his looping cross is beyond the navy shirts at the far post as Wolves get the goal-kick.
This is a decent spell for Burnley! Koleosho beats Semedo at the second time of asking before hammering a shot off from near the corner of the box, but an old gold shirt is there to block. The home fans are starting to grow frustrated.
Wolves have completely failed to get Hwang or Cunha into the game so far, as the Brazilian is crowded out in midfield. Hwang has scored five goals in his six Premier League home games for Wolves this season, with their 2-1 win against Tottenham last time out here the only time he's failed to score at Molineux in the league this term. The last player to net more home league goals for the club in a single campaign was Raul Jimenez in 2019-20 (eight).
Close! Burnley are controlling this game well, but Trafford almost makes a costly error as his slack pass is inches away from being intercepted by Hwang. The Clarets survive, though, and Koleosho goes up the other end to win a left-wing corner.
Amdouni nods the inswinging corner goalwards, and it crashes off a gold shirt before dropping to Taylor on the edge of the box. The left-back takes a wild swing and lifts his volley miles over the bar, but O'Neil is not happy, gesticulating for Wolves to up the tempo!
SAVE! Trafford is tested for the first time as Sarabia's strike loops up off Vitinho, and it looks like it might be dropping under the crossbar. The Burnley goalkeeper takes no chances, tipping it over for a corner.
There are groans around Molineux as, after a long build-up, Sarabia fails to beat the first Burnley defender from the left-wing corner. The hosts have yet to get going.
CLOSE! That's the best chance of the game so far! Semedo finally injects some pace into Wolves' game, charging past Taylor on the right-hand side before lifting a cross into the area. Sarabia arrives on it somewhat awkwardly and has to prod his shot with the outside of his left boot, and it's just too high to find the top-right corner!
There's a concerning moment for Burnley as Koleosho stays down, rubbing his lower leg after a tangle with Hugo Bueno. The young winger receives treatment and he seems able to rejoin the action – it looks like a contact injury which he can run off.
Wolves are enjoying a better spell now, moving the ball patiently. They need more of the pace Semedo showed in that last attack – he breezed past Taylor to create a good chance for Sarabia.
Comfortable save! Burnley record their first shot on target as Amdouni finds a pocket of space behind Wolves' double pivot, but his 25-yard effort lacks power and Bentley can simply fall on it.
Danger! Sarabia switches flanks, popping up on the Wolves right to thread a cute pass through for Semedo. He drives a cutback towards the six-yard box, looking for Cunha, but Ekdal does well to clear at his near post.
WAYWARD! Amdouni skips away from Lemina on the break before finding Bruun Larsen in an inside-right position. He skips inside Toti to shoot, but blasts his wild effort high and wide.
This is a major blow for Burnley. Koleosho is feeling his lower leg again and he won't be able to continue. Gudmunds­son replaces him on the Clarets' left.
Everything positive from a Wolves point of view has come down their right-hand side. Hwang is out there this time to get in behind Taylor before lifting a cross onto the six-yard line, but O'Shea nods it up into the air and into the gloves of Trafford.
HUGE DOUBLE SAVE FROM BENTLEY! Burnley are almost gifted the opener, but Bentley keeps them out! Gomes tries an ill-advised backheel under pressure on the byline, allowing Gudmundsson to recover possession and cross low for Rodriguez. His close-range finish is smothered by Bentley, who then dives to his right to tip Brownhill's follow-up wide of the post! Great goalkeeping!
The home fans are growing restless as we enter the final five minutes of this opening period. Wolves have been lacklustre and if not for their stand-in goalkeeper, they would be behind!
Gomes does brilliantly to ride a challenge from Brownhill before being hauled to the ground by Berge, relieving a spell of Burnley pressure. Wolves want a yellow card for the Clarets man, but none is forthcoming.
GOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLL! HWANG PUTS WOLVES AHEAD! Burnley are architects of their own downfall in a huge way! O'Shea receives a pass out from Trafford, but his next ball into Berge is too heavy and the midfielder takes a loose touch. Sarabia pounces to flick it into Cunha, who plays it right to Hwang, and the South Korean sits his man down with a lovely stutter before stroking into the bottom-left corner. Wolves lead 1-0!
Cunha gets the assist, unselfishly picking out Hwang when he could have gone for goal himself. The South Korean did the rest brilliantly.
All of a sudden, there's a hunger about Wolves as they press Burnley with greater intensity. Kompany will be fuming with that goal. The Clarets had been in control, but they made their own problems again there!
We will have four minutes of stoppage time before the break, presumably owing to Koleosho's earlier injury.
Burnley look to finish the half with a flourish as their centre-backs are waved forward for a Vitinho long throw. Dawson slices an awful clearance up in the air, but O'Shea's attempt to cross is even worse, setting Semedo off on a counterattack on the far side.
Burnley get men behind the ball to slow that Wolves break, then Ekdal almost sells Taylor short with a pass inside his own half. The Clarets' attempts to play out are admirable, but they need to cut out those errors.
Almost! Cunha brings the ball out of the sky with a delicate touch to find Sarabia, who looks to send Lemina through on goal. The Wolves midfielder is matched stride for stride by O'Shea, though, and the Burnley defender makes a crucial block to deny Wolves a clear route to goal.
HALF-TIME: WOLVES 1-0 BURNLEY.
Jarred Gillett brings a slow burner of a first half to a close at Molineux, and Hwang's goal is the difference at the break as Wolves lead Burnley 1-0. O'Neil's team have looked far from assured, though, with Burnley recording more than twice as many shots as their hosts (eight to three). The Clarets' best chances came when Bentley made a stunning double save to deny Rodriguez and Brownhill after 38 minutes, and Kompany's men were behind just four minutes later when a poor pass out from the back allowed Cunha to tee up Hwang, who finished in lethal fashion for his eighth Premier League goal of the season. It's still all to play for in the second half, which is coming up shortly!
Despite the scoreline, O'Neil will be desperate for an improvement from Wolves after the break. They've been too pedestrian in their passing and caused their own problems with errors at the back, but they lead due to Burnley committing a mistake of their own at the other end! Kompany will believe Burnley can get back into this game, though the loss of Koleosho to injury represents a big blow.
Burnley get the second half under way at Molineux, with no changes made by either side at half-time. Burnley were, of course, forced to withdraw Koleosho earlier.
Burnley have already aimed two or three long balls towards the Wolves right-back area in the opening moments of the second half. It will be interesting to see if they adopt a more direct style after playing themselves into trouble for Hwang's goal.
Gudmundsson checks back to cross on his left foot, and Dawson's headed clearance only finds a navy shirt as Burnley look to pen Wolves back in the opening moments of the second period.
Only Erling Haaland (14), Mohamed Salah (10) and Son Heung-min (nine) have scored more Premier League goals than Hwang (eight) this season, while only Salah (eight) has more in home games than Hwang's six. What a turnaround it's been for the South Korean, who was deemed surplus to requirements by former Wolves boss Bruno Lage at the start of last season!
Furthermore, Hwang's eight Premier League goals this term are already as many as he managed in his two previous campaigns in the competition combined!
Lemina lets out a scream as he goes down holding his foot under a heavy challenge while pressing high for Wolves. Burnley play on, and Semedo has to turn a dangerous cross behind for a corner using his chest.
Lemina gets to his feet as Wolves prepare to defend the corner, which is cleared as far as Vitinho on the edge of the box. A wild swing from the full-back sends it out of play for a Bentley goal-kick.
Lemina goes down again following a challenge from Amdouni, but Wolves have possession and look to play on through Hwang… but his pass to Cunha is loose and Burnley survive a dangerous moment. Once again, Lemina is back to his feet in midfield after the attack breaks down.
Berge receives the second yellow card of the game, and he's in disbelief as Hugo Bueno goes down under a light challenge near the corner of Burnley's box. This is a dangerous free-kick for the Clarets to defend…
OVER! Sarabia swings a lovely set-piece delivery to the far post, where Lemina heads over a gaping goal from just a couple of yards out. However, the linesman lifts his flag for offside, sparing the midfielder's blushes.
There's a tense moment for Burnley as Sarabia's teasing cross is headed awkwardly into the air by O'Shea, and Taylor doesn't know Semedo is lurking behind him as he slices a rushed clearance out of play.
Wolves aren't happy as Lemina goes into the book for a foul on Berge. The Wolves man simply stepped cross his opponent and won the ball cleanly. He can't believe he's been booked as Burnley get a free-kick around 30 yards out.
Lemina, by the way, was sent off for dissent by today's referee as Wolves beat Southampton 2-1 in February. He joins the wall as Bruun Larsen lifts a poor free-kick well over Bentley's goal.
Hugo Bueno gets up on the overlap for Wolves, throwing in a stepover to beat Vitinho before seeing his chipped cross knocked behind for a left-wing corner. What can Wolves do from their latest set-piece?
CLOSE! Sarabia sends a dangerous set-piece delivery to the near post, where Berge turns just wide of his own goal with Trafford pinned back! Wolves get another corner.
BIG CHANCE! Wolves work their next corner short to Hwang, who lifts a deep cross towards Dawson. The big centre-back is far too strong for Brownhill as he reaches the dropping ball at the far post, side-footing across the face of goal, but there's nobody arriving to tap it in! Burnley survive a big scare.
Taylor is the next man into the book for dragging Lemina back on the Wolves right. That's three Burnley players on cautions.
Sarabia sends a lovely free-kick delivery towards Kilman, but Burnley just about manage to scramble it clear. Kompany seems to be preparing his next substitution, with Tresor readying himself on the sidelines.
Taylor needs to be careful here. Just moments after being booked, he chops Sarabia down on the Wolves right. The referee keeps his cards in his pocket on this occasion, though.
Burnley's players appeal for handball as Berge's cross deflects onto Semedo's arm at the far post, but there was absolutely nothing he could do to avoid that. There's no need for the VAR to take another look at that incident.
Sarabia sets off on the break for Wolves, before being brought down by Berge 20 yards from goal as he pulled his foot back to shoot. Berge avoids a second yellow card, but Wolves have a free-kick in an excellent position with Sarabia over it.
GOOD SAVE! Sarabia places the free-kick towards the top-left corner, but it's just lacking a tiny bit of power as Trafford springs to his right to tip it wide. The resulting corner is also delivered by Sarabia, but Hwang heads well wide at the front post.
Here comes Burnley's second change, with Tresor on for Bruun Larsen out wide.
It's another hearts-in-mouths moment for Burnley as a poor touch takes Trafford outside his box with Cunha chasing him down, and he slices a wild clearance out of play, much to the delight of the home fans. We're into the final 20 minutes of the 90 here, with Hwang's goal still the difference.
Another promising moment goes begging! Burnley play themselves into trouble yet again as Gomes pounces to send Hwang down the right wing on the break, but his cutback is just intercepted ahead of the onrushing Lemina!
Ekdal gets the most deserved yellow card you will ever see as Cunha nudges the ball past him on halfway, throwing his arms around the Brazilian's torso to stop the Wolves break.
We're into the final 15 minutes of the 90 and Burnley have not mounted a serious attack for some time. Having impressed for long spells in the first half, they've struggled to build up in the second, looking tentative since gifting Wolves the opening goal.
Cunha wins a free-kick on the Wolves left, which is quickly worked into his feet. He blasts a shot at goal from 30 yards out, but Trafford is behind it all the way.
Semedo fails to prevent Dawson's clearance from spinning behind for a Burnley corner. Kilman clears the set-piece at the second attempt, but Burnley come straight back and win another on the opposite side.
OVER! Burnley's second corner is cleared as far as Vitinho, who winds up a first-time strike from 20 yards out. It has Bentley worried, but whistles just over the top-right corner as Wolves escape.
Wolves finally make their first change as Bellegarde replaces Sarabia out wide.
Kilman is furious as Amdouni dives over his leg as he pulls out of a challenge, yet the referee books the Wolves captain and awards Burnley a free-kick 25 yards from goal, as we enter the final 10 minutes of the 90.
Tresor strikes from the dead ball… and his effort hits Cunha in the wall and flies over. The Burnley substitute takes the resulting corner short to work a better angle, and his cross is cleared by Dawson. Wolves are under pressure now.
Wolves are furious as Taylor – who has already been booked – avoids being penalised for dragging Hugo Bueno back. Vitinho then gets down the right to send in a low cross… which Bentley claims.
Burnley have lost each of their last three Premier League away games – they last had a longer losing run on the road in the division between November 2016 and February 2017 (seven). Can they avoid making it four straight road defeats here?
Cunha relieves the pressure by dropping back to steal possession from Berge, who trips him. Burnley have had a few fouls from players who have already been booked in recent minutes. That one was soft, but Berge is walking a fine line.
Trafford tries to pick out his centre-back under pressure from Hwang and drills a terrible pass out of play on the Burnley left. Hwang was close to getting a toe to that in the goalmouth!
Wolves are making a defensive change now, with O'Neil sending on ball-winning midfielder Traore in place of Cunha, who has gotten through plenty of off-the-ball work and assisted Hwang's goal.
The home fans are frustrated as Wolves waste a chance to kill the game off! Bellegarde somehow finds space to wriggle past two challenges inside a crowded penalty area, but rather than shooting on his left foot, he checks back to cross for Lemina and sees his pass cut out!
Wolves may be forced into another change here, with Hugo Bueno down on the left flank and looking to be suffering from a touch of cramp. The medical team are on to treat him, and Doherty is preparing to enter the action.
Doherty is sent on for Hugo Bueno at left wing-back, as the fourth official signals we will have THREE minutes of stoppage time. Can Wolves hang on?
Burnley are also throwing the dice at the last. Redmond comes on for Ekdal.
Odobert is also brought on by Kompany, with Vitinho replaced.
Burnley neglect to give the ball back to Wolves, who had played it out to allow Hugo Bueno to be treated deep inside the Clarets' half. The home fans aren't pleased at all.
Burnley win a late corner as a right-wing cross is turned behind by Lemina. Trafford will come up for this one. It's surely the last chance for the visitors!
Gomes scrambles clear from the corner but Burnley come again and win a throw-in... It's hosted into the middle, where Rodriguez commits a clear foul on Gomes. That will surely be that at Molineux!
FULL-TIME: WOLVES 1-0 BURNLEY.
The full-time whistle sounds at Molineux as Wolves hold on for a hard-fought win over Burnley! In a game of few chances in the West Midlands, Wolves' leading goalscorer Hwang made the difference by making O'Shea and Berge pay for a mix-up at the back three minutes before the break, taking in Cunha's pass before rolling a finish into the bottom-left corner. Sarabia and Dawson missed chances to extend their lead after the break, when Burnley seemed to run out of momentum. They will be ruing a phenomenal double save from Wolves' stand-in goalkeeper Bentley, who denied Rodriguez and Brownhill in stunning fashion shortly before the Clarets went behind. Wolves put further distance between themselves and the strugglers ahead of Saturday's home game against Nottingham Forest, while Burnley miss the chance to jump out of the bottom three. They go to Brighton in their next Premier League fixture this weekend. Until then, it's goodbye from us, and we'll see you next time!
Hello and welcome to this live commentary for the Premier League fixture between Crystal Palace and Bournemouth live from Selhurst Park.
After a solid start to the season, Crystal Palace have slipped down to 13th in the league and have just one win in their last seven games. Having been fortunate to escape the London Stadium with a point against West Ham at the weekend, Roy Hodgson's side will be hoping to get a much-needed win in front of their home fans today.
Bournemouth, meanwhile, have enjoyed the opposite fortune of late, with Andoni Iraola finally seeing the fruits of his labour having been installed as manager in the off-season. The Cherries are unbeaten in their last three games, including an impressive win against Newcastle United and a point at home against Aston Villa, and an away win here would see them move level on points with Palace.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-3-3): Sam Johnstone; Joel Ward, Joachim Andersen, Marc Guehi, Tyrick Mitchell; Jefferson Lerma, Chris Richards, Jeffrey Schlupp; Michael Olise, Odsonne Edouard, Jordan Ayew.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: Jean-Philippe Mateta, Jairo Riedewald, James Tomkins, Naouirou Ahamada, Malcolm Ebiowei, Nathaniel Clyne, Matheus Franca, Will Hughes, Remi Matthews.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Adam Smith, Illia Zabarnyi, Marcos Senesi, Milos Kerkez; Ryan Christie, Lewis Cook; Luis Sinisterra, Justin Kluivert, Antoine Semenyo; Dominic Solanke.
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Marcus Tavernier, Philip Billing, David Brooks, Gavin Kilkenny, Kieffer Moore, Mark Travers, Chris Mepham, Dango Ouattara, Joe Rothwell.
Hodgson makes one change from his Palace side that drew 1-1 with West Ham at the weekend as Schlupp returns to the starting XI, with Hughes dropping to the bench.
Iraola, too, only makes one change to his Bournemouth side that drew with Aston Villa at the weekend as Sinisterra replaces Tavernier.
Crystal Palace have won their last five Premier League games against Bournemouth, keeping a clean sheet in the last four. Should they win tonight it would be the first time that they had won six consecutive top-flight games against an opponent.
After a minute's applause to pay tribute to former Palace manager Terry Venables, we are ready for kick-off here in London and Bournemouth get us underway in the first half.
An early chance for Sinisterra who nips in behind Ward, but it's a poor first touch from the winger allows the ball to get away from him and out for a goal-kick.
The first free-kick is won by Palace and it's a chance for Ayew at the near post but his glanced header is straight at Neto who claims it with ease.
SAVE! A bright start for Ayew as he bursts into the box off the left flank. He strikes it well but Neto is equal to it and tips it over the bar.
Olise sends the ball to the far post from the corner, looking for Andersen, but it doesn't quite reach him and Bournemouth can clear it away.
Smith gets forward well on the right blank but his floated ball into the area is claimed by Johnstone who shows good command of his area.
SAVE! Superb save from Johnstone to deny Semenyo. Guehi does superbly to dispossess Kluivert in the area but the loose ball falls to the Bournemouth forward on the edge of the box and it requires a strong hand from the England keeper down to his left to tip it around the post.
Ayew now with a chance up the other end but his shot is smothered. The ball comes back into the box from Mitchell but Olise's acrobatic effort flies high over the bar.
A couple of poor passes from Olise in these early stages and a Palace attack breaks down again as he overhits a pass out for a goal-kick when looking for the overlapping run of Ward.
Lerma lines an effort up from the edge of the box, but the midfielder's strike goes well wide off the post.
Semenyo darts into the box but he's denied by a second superbly timed challenge from Guehi already this game who wins a goal-kick for his side.
Christie picks out Sinisterra with a piercing low pass, but the winger's curling effort - looking for the opposite corner - is blocked well by Ward.
Olise swings in a Palace free-kick from the right but it's overhit and flies straight into the arms of Neto.
GOOOAALLL!! BOURNEMOUTH LEAD! 1-0! Senesi has the goal from Christie's corner and the visitors lead. Sinisterra climbs superbly to win the header at the near post and the centre-back is on hand at the back stick to nod it past Johnstone.
Sinisterra jumped well at the front post to get the flick-on. Senesi really couldn't miss when the ball arrived to him at the back post.
SAVE! Palace almost hit back immediately as Ayew fizzes in a low effort after some tidy footwork on the edge of the box. Neto makes a good save down to his right but Zabarnyi has to be alert to make a crucial block to deny Schlupp's follow-up effort.
Before the corner is taken there is a stoppage, though, and there is concern for Mitchell who is down holding his leg.
Mitchell is unable to continue and the Palace left-back is forced to make way. Clyne the replacement off the bench.
Sinisterra climbs up well again but, this time, he gets his header all wrong and it sails harmlessly over the bar.
CLOSE! So close to a second for the Cherries as Kluviert embarks on a mazy dribble from just past the halfway line. The Dutchman ends up all the way in the penalty area but sees his eventual effort drift just wide of the right post.
Ward has a good chance to cross from the right but it's another poor cross in from a Palace player as the ball flies straight into Neto's arms.
A slight moment of nerves for Johnstone in the Palace goal as the England international is forced to clear the ball into the stands after a poor touch under pressure. Bournemouth, however, fail to make the most of the opportunity.
An enticing delivery in from Smith encourages Solanke to attack the ball but Andersen does well to recover the ground and clears it out for a corner.
A silly challenge from Olise on the left of defence gifts Bournemouth a chance to whip in a free-kick from a good position. Christie delivers the cross but Palace hack it clear at the second attempt.
Edouard earns himself the first yellow card of the game after he trips Christie from behind.
Into the first of three minutes of added time at the end of the first half as Bournemouth look to maintain their one-goal lead heading into the break.
Bournemouth have a good chance on the brink of half-time but Johnstone is alert to make the stop at the near post and deny Solanke.
HALF-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 0-1 BOURNEMOUTH
Boos ring around Selhurst Park as the half-time whistle goes with Palace trailing Bournemouth by a goal to nil. The hosts started brightly but have struggled to impose themselves as the game wore on. Semenyo forced a smart save out of Johnstone but the England keeper could do nothing about the Cherries' opener as Senesi bundled home a header from the corner. Kluivert's mazy run almost produced a second before the break but the winger saw his effort go wide.
It was an underwhelming display from Hodgson's side for large parts of that half - they look like a team devoid of confidence after their poor recent run. They created just 0.49 xG (expected goals) in that first half - compared to 1.15 by Bournemouth - and, to make matters worse, lost left-back Mitchell to injury as well. They will need to be much better after the break. Bournemouth, meanwhile, will be after more of the same as they look to extend their unbeaten league run to four games.
Palace get us underway in the second half but it's hardly an ideal start for the hosts as they pass the ball straight out of play.
Another free-kick and another poor delivery in from Olise as Neto claims with ease.
POST! All of a sudden, Palace spring into life as Lerma thunders an effort off the post from a tight angle. The Palace midfielder took it first time but Neto was well-beaten at his near post. So close to his first Palace goal.
That's much better from Olise as he dances in from right and wins a foul in a good area after Senesi hauls him down.
The Bournemouth goalscorer Senesi is also shown a yellow card for his troubles.
Olise takes the free-kick but it's low and into the wall. A wasted chance, that.
Schlupp feeds Lerma into the left channel but his low cross - looking for Edouard - is cleared out well by the Bournemouth defence.
If Palace are going to find a way back into this game then Ayew is looking the most likely. He has attempted 5 shots, the most of any player.
A double change from Bournemouth as Semenyo makes way for Tavernier.
Central midfielder Billing also comes on for Kluivert to play just behind Solanke.
Both Bournemouth centre-backs are now on a caution as Zabarnyi receives a yellow following a tackle from behind on Edouard.
Lerma has a tough chance from the free-kick but can only volley the ball well over the bar.
A vital interception from Ward, tracking back, as he dispossesses Solanke inside the box just as the Bournemouth striker is looking to pull the trigger.
It's been a quiet half on the shot count. Bournemouth are still yet to register a shot on goal since the break, while Palace have had four as they chase an equaliser.
A double change for Palace now as Schlupp makes way for Hughes.
There's also a change at full-back as Ward comes off for Ahamada.
Those changes look to have shifted Richards out to right-back, having spent all of the game so far at the base of midfield.
Bournemouth have to be careful that they don't welcome too much pressure in these closing stages. Palace have had close to 60 per cent possession in this second half so far. That being said, the home side haven't done much with the ball so far.
Olise whips in a free-kick from deep but it's underhit and Cook's backwards header ends up in the hands of Neto.
Sinisterra, who got the assist for Bournemouth's goal, is the latest substitution from the visitors. He is replaced by Ouattara in a like-for-like switch.
Into the final ten minutes we head and Palace are still chasing an equaliser in this contest. The home fans feel restless for something to happen but Bournemouth have been well-organised in defence thus far.
Ouattara wins the header at the near post from the corner but the second ball is cleared away by Palace.
Moments later and the sub Ouattara is shown a yellow card for a handball. A good opportunity to whip in a cross here for Palace.
Olise's delivery is met by Lerma but it's an awkward chance for the midfielder and he can only send it looping well over the bar.
A final throw of the dice for Palace as Lerma makes way for Mateta who goes up front alongside Edouard.
Bournemouth make a late change of their own as Solanke comes off for Moore.
The loose ball from the corner falls to Senesi on the edge of the area but the Bournemouth goalscorer can't add to his tally for the game this time as his effort drifts over the bar.
GOOOAAALLL!! BOURNEMOUTH SEAL THE DEAL! 2-0! Straight off the bench and into the goals as Moore finds the crucial second to surely wrap this game up. Tavernier makes the initial burst but can't find an angle after he rounds Johnstone. In the end, he sets it back to Billing who clips a ball to the back post where Moore is waiting to head home.
Great composure from Billing to pick out Moore at the back post and the Welsh striker made no mistake with the stooping header.
A late chance for Palace comes and goes as Ahamada curls one wide from the edge of the box.
Edouard creates some room on the edge of the box but it's a disappointing end product as he drags his effort well wide of the right post.
FULL-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 0-2 BOURNEMOUTH
Goals from Marcos Senesi and Kieffer More saw Bournemouth extend their Premier League unbeaten streak to four games as they won 2-0 away against Crystal Palace. The visitors took a deserved lead midway through the first half when Senesi headed home from a corner and looked comfortable in defence as Palace tried to claw back an equaliser after the break. Jefferson Lerma's thunderous effort, which cannoned off the post, was as close as the hosts came to finding a goal, with the game eventually put beyond doubt when Moore headed home in the first minute of added time. The result leaves Palace with just one win from their last eight league games, and it's a tricky task up next for Hodgson's side who welcome Liverpool to Selhurst Park next weekend. Bournemouth, meanwhile, draw level on points with Palace and face a trip up to Old Trafford to take on Manchester United on Saturday. That's all for today - thanks for tuning in!
Hello and welcome to this live text commentary of the Premier League match between Manchester United and Chelsea!
The division's form side just a week ago, the pressure is back on United and their manager Erik ten Hag, who yesterday defended the club's decision to ban a number of reporters from his press conference amid claims he had lost the backing of his players. Those reports came in the aftermath of a trip to Newcastle United, from which United were fortunate to emerge with only a 1-0 defeat.
Chelsea won on Sunday against Brighton but have been wildly inconsistent this season, also losing at St James' Park in their last away match following three straight victories on the road. The Blues head north winless in 11 top-flight games against United, last beating them in November 2017 and last winning at Old Trafford in May 2013.
Here comes the team news...
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Diogo Dalot, Victor Lindelof, Harry Maguire, Luke Shaw; Scott McTominay, Sofyan Amrabat; Antony, Bruno Fernandes, Alejandro Garnacho; Rasmus Hojlund.
MANCHESTER UNITED SUBS: Altay Bayindir, Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford, Sergio Reguilon, Facundo Pellistri, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Donny van de Beek, Jonny Evans, Kobbie Mainoo.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Robert Sanchez; Axel Disasi, Thiago Silva, Levi Colwill, Marc Cucurella; Moises Caicedo, Enzo Fernandez; Raheem Sterling, Cole Palmer, Mykhailo Mudryk; Nicolas Jackson.
CHELSEA SUBS: Dorde Petrovic, Benoit Badiashile, Armando Broja, Reece James, Ian Maatsen, Deivid Washington, Alfie Gilchrist, Alex Matos, Leo Castledine.
Ten Hag rings the changes for United after the defeat to Newcastle, and Rashford, so criticised for his performance on Tyneside, is the most notable omission. Wan-Bissaka, Mainoo and Martial all also drop to the bench, where Raphael Varane is absent through injury. Hojlund is back in, along with Lindelof, Amrabat and Antony.
Chelsea captain James returns from a one-match ban but has to settle for a place on a youthful bench as Disasi lines up at right-back again. Stand-in skipper Conor Gallagher was himself sent off against Brighton, so he misses out as Palmer comes back in. Cucurella, another previously banned, is back to ensure there is at least one natural full-back in the Chelsea XI.
Jackson takes the kick-off to get this game under way.
Cucurella is actually lining up at right-back, with Colwill continuing at left-back. James' omission is perhaps even more surprising as Cucurella plays from his 'wrong' side.
Jackson is frustrated not to be awarded a free-kick just outside the penalty area on the left as he nutmegs Maguire but is then blocked off by the United defender.
The first shot comes from the boot of Fernandes, whose first-time effort from a Dalot pass clears the crossbar from 25 yards.
Hojlund works Sanchez! Shaw plays the forward in, and he shoots early from the left of the area, his low shot almost squirming beyond Sanchez. The goalkeeper just about helps the ball behind for a corner, which comes to nothing.
It is all United. Dalot races forward and crosses towards Cucurella, who clumsy knocks the ball behind for another corner. Thiago Silva clears following a short corner routine, and the offside flag is up to offer Chelsea some respite.
VAR review! Chelsea are in trouble. Antony opts against shooting just inside the area but in delaying invites a challenge from Fernandez, who steps on the winger's foot. Antony wants a penalty, and the referee is called to the monitor.
PENALTY! It is a fairly straightforward decision as Fernandez is late to Antony, his studs coming down on the United man's foot. Now, Fernandes will have an opportunity from 12 yards.
SAVED! Early drama as Fernandes is denied by Sanchez! It is a tame penalty, too close to the centre of the goal, and Sanchez saves easily, then seeing Garnacho hack the rebound over.
Sanchez is comfortable after diving the right way, although he is then grateful to Garnacho for the wayward follow-up.
Undeterred by Fernandes' penalty failure, United keep going, but a cross from the right is too high.
POST! Signs of life from Chelsea! Mudryk gets in down the left but is forced wide by Maguire and only able to shoot against the foot of the post and behind. That is a warning sign for United.
What a game this looks like being! Garnacho dashes in behind Cucurella and shoots at goal, but Sanchez blocks well. Caicedo then feeds Mudryk, allowing Chelsea to immediately counter, but the winger's pass towards Jackson is awful, easily cut out by Shaw.
The first card goes to Shaw, who kicks the ball away, prompting appeals from Chelsea players and eventually a yellow.
The chances keep coming! Antony cuts inside following another sharp United move, but his low left-footed shot is too close to Sanchez.
Sanchez has made four saves already in the opening quarter of an hour, including from Fernandes' penalty. Visiting goalkeepers rarely expect a quiet night at Old Trafford, but he might be a little surprised by just how regularly United are getting through. Chelsea need to find a foothold.
Fernandez finds space to shoot for Chelsea after receiving Palmer's pass. His low effort is swerving but ends up straight at Onana.
Vital intervention from Thiago Silva! A cross from the United left is helped on by Garnacho, and both Hojlund and Antony are ready to prod into the net, only for the veteran Chelsea defender to block.
GOOAAALLLL!!! United have a deserved 1-0 lead! McTominay slams into the net after Maguire's shot is blocked in the box. Chelsea are never able to clear following a United corner, and the pressure finally tells.
The goal does nothing to slow the pace of the game! Jackson and Sterling have the chance to combine on the break, but Dalot gets in ahead of the England international. Chelsea are then frustrated by a clumsy Fernandez foul.
Garnacho becomes the second United player to foolishly go into the book. He thinks he is fouled by Cucurella and responds by tugging back his opponent. When the free-kick goes Chelsea's way, Garnacho stops himself from kicking the ball away, only to instead throw it angrily into the ground and earn a booking.
United have certainly responded to Saturday's limp display at Newcastle. They perhaps remain a little vulnerable defensively but are attacking relentlessly, seemingly taking Chelsea by surprise.
Now Chelsea want a penalty! Sterling checks back inside Lindelof in the box and goes to ground. There may be contact but not enough to knock the Chelsea player off balance. No spot-kick is given, and the VAR is happy with the decision.
Sterling, an ex-Liverpool and Manchester City man, was unpopular with the home supporters even before that perceived show of simulation. The United fans delight in seeing Sterling infuriated by an overhit Palmer pass as Chelsea try to respond.
More good play from United sees Dalot advance again and drill a pass into Garnacho. The winger turns Cucurella, who is having a torrid time, but his low cross just evades Hojlund.
There is a second delay in a matter of seconds as one of the linesmen appears to be having difficulties with his headset. To some jeers, a spare battery pack is located and allows the game to restart.
Sanchez passes the ball straight to Antony. A McTominay shot is blocked, but even when Chelsea regain possession, the United pressure results in Sanchez knocking the ball into touch. Chelsea are really struggling in their defensive third - both with and without the ball.
Double-save! Incredible! Fernandes crosses from the left and McTominay is all alone in the middle, able to head goalwards. Sanchez saves, though, and McTominay's rushed rebound is also straight at the goalkeeper.
Remarkable! Chelsea should be level! The visitors are almost permanently on the back foot, but that means there is space to exploit when they counter. Sterling and Jackson get in together, yet a combination of a slack pass from Sterling and a poor first touch from Jackson allows Onana to smother the subsequent shot.
Another Mudryk miss! Chelsea's pace ensures they will continue to get chances, but their forwards are far too wasteful. Mudryk opts against a square pass towards Sterling and looks to pick out the bottom-left corner but instead fires narrowly wide.
McTominay requires treatment after a coming together with Colwill. The goalscorer is second to the challenge and appears to indicate he takes a heavy blow, although he is back on his feet soon enough and set to continue.
Caicedo fouls Hojlund 25 yards from goal, and Fernandes will have an opportunity from the free-kick...
Fernandes shoots straight into the wall from the free-kick, earning a United corner, which ends up back at his feet after Shaw takes it short. From a similar position to the initial set-piece, Fernandes blasts wide.
GOOAAALLLL!!! Palmer! Brilliant! Chelsea are back on level terms after a wonderful, precise Palmer finish. He delays and delays and delays as he runs across the penalty area, eventually aiming a pinpoint effort into the far bottom-right corner. Onana is scrambling and cannot get there. It is 1-1 at Old Trafford!
There is so little on when Mudryk pings a pass into Palmer, the scorer then doing it all himself to earn the winger an assist.
The game has flowed nicely, but a VAR review for the penalty, the issue with the officials' technology and then McTominay's injury stoppage results in eight additional minutes at the end of the half!
Only now is the game slowing at 1-1, this additional period a little scrappy as both teams perhaps settle for parity at the break. United will wonder how they do not lead, though. Chelsea were fortunate only to be one down before Palmer levelled.
Garnacho wins a corner from Cucurella on the left, but Thiago Silva easily clears the first Fernandes set-piece behind for a second. Sanchez flaps at the subsequent delivery but is ruled to have been fouled.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 1-1 CHELSEA
There is nothing to split the two teams on the scoreline at half-time, although United have dominated, in truth. They should have led when Fernandes had a penalty saved by Sanchez, then did get their goal through McTominay. But Chelsea, hapless in defence, had their own chances and got an equaliser courtesy of Palmer, a former City player back in Manchester.
Chelsea will be thanking Sanchez as much as Palmer at half-time. He has made a sublime six stops, including becoming the first Chelsea keeper to save a penalty in the Premier League since May 2021. The Blues had conceded the past 10 spot-kicks they faced.
United make a change at the break, with Lindelof replaced by Reguilon, who will play at left-back with Shaw moving inside.
Chelsea have their own defensive switch as James replaces Cucurella, who was surprisingly preferred at right-back.
United get the game back under way with Fernandes.
Chelsea will be hoping for a far better performance in the second half. United amassed 2.78 expected goals before the break, the most any side have had in the first half of a Premier League match this season.
Palmer threads a pass through to Sterling on the right, and his low cross is cleared behind. Chelsea have a corner and are on top early in the second half.
Huge chance! Colwill flicks the ball on from Mudryk's corner, and Jackson heads over from inside the six-yard box. The forward looks to push Dalot, his marker, but no foul is given, so that has to go down as a glaring miss.
United's first attack of the half sees Garnacho twice attempt to drive down the left, eventually winning a corner from Caicedo. Fernandes' set-piece finds only a Chelsea shirt at the near post.
Back come Chelsea! Mudryk carries the ball deep into United territory but ignores passes right and left to go alone, shooting straight into a United defender but earning a corner. It is taken short, though, and Mudryk soon gives up possession inside the box.
Garnacho goes for the spectacular! The United winger surely scored the goal of the season away at Everton with an overhead volley, but this attempted scissor kick, after a smart move on the right, is wayward, a long way wide and barely reaching the goal line.
Garnacho is far closer this time. He cuts inside, between Caicedo and Sterling, and shapes a curler just wide.
The flag goes up against James. Palmer picks him out down the right, and the subsequent cross is a dangerous one, but the linesman is right to have adjudged the right-back to have gone too early.
Mudryk deflects Dalot's cross behind for a corner, and it is Shaw's turn to take the set-piece after a couple of disappointing Fernandes deliveries. This ball is little better, although United keep the attack alive until McTominay's driven cross is too close to Sanchez.
This second half does not quite have the same zip as the first did. Jackson's close-range header is the nearest either side have come to adding to the scoring.
Sanchez is worried for a moment as Antony's shot deflects wide! An audacious left-footed effort ricochets off Thiago Silva and drops just past the post.
United appeal for a penalty! A Fernandes corner eventually drops for Shaw, who hammers a shot vaguely goalwards. It is blocked by a combination of Colwill's thigh and hand, but neither the referee nor the VAR is interested in handball.
Garnacho is getting involved again, although it is Fernandes who causes Chelsea problems on the left with a smart turn away from Caicedo. The subsequent shot is deflected wide, and McTominay might do better from the corner with a header that Sanchez gathers.
United are getting back on top. Chelsea have had marginally more of the possession, although a lot of it is within their own half, where they are under near-constant pressure. United will hope this results in chances of the ilk they crafted and missed in the first half.
McTominay wins another United corner, but it is another poor one. Fernandes twice fails to pick out a team-mate. United keep the heat on, but Antony blasts high and wide.
GOOAAALLLL!!! McTominay again! It is 2-1 to United! Garnacho swings over a cross to the far post, and there is an overload, three United players running in unchecked. McTominay heads high into the net.
James has had little more joy against Garnacho than Cucurella did, and the young winger has plenty of space to send over a brilliant cross for McTominay.
The goal is awarded following a lengthy VAR check. McTominay clashes with Colwill, but the VAR decides the defender goes down far too easily.
Chance for a hat-trick! Sanchez passes the ball straight to Antony, and he delicately slips in McTominay for a huge chance. The two-goal midfielder cannot adjust his feet, however, and pokes wide.
Garnacho is in... but James just about recovers! The Chelsea captain's poor pass goes through to Onana, who launches a United counter. James seeks to intervene but succeeds only in playing Garnacho in, although the right-back is on the scene in time to block the shot that follows.
Chelsea are going to go with two up front, it seems, as Broja replaces wide man Mudryk.
Chelsea may have two forwards on, but that will do little to help as long as they cannot create an opportunity. United still look the more likely despite holding a 2-1 lead.
So close to a third! Reguilon has so much space to cut a cross back to Garnacho, whose first-time shot fades agonisingly wide. James, who has been so poor, is close to neither full-back nor winger.
Sterling attempts to get away from Dalot midway into the United half but cannot, at least winning a free-kick and a yellow card for the full-back.
The Chelsea free-kick after Dalot's foul just about sums up the away side's performance. James tries to tee up Fernandez for an optimistic shot but overhits the pass and allows Antony to block from barely a yard away.
The wait for Hojlund's first Premier League goal goes on as Rashford, dropped for this match, is called from the bench.
Here comes the Chelsea rally! Palmer and James link up on the right, and the latter's cross should find Fernandez in front of goal, but his attempted flick fails to make any contact. Sterling keeps the attack alive on the opposite side, yet Colwill's driven cross goes wide of the far post.
United are not done yet either. Dalot continues to come forward and a powerful cross briefly looks to cause some concern, but Sanchez gathers.
James blazes over. Fernandez looks to play a delicate pass towards Broja, and Shaw's intervening header is not a good one, only reaching England team-mate James. But his below-par showing continues with an inaccurate shot that never threatens Onana's goal.
POST! Chance for Chelsea! And it is all a little chaotic! James dinks a cross towards the back post and Broja, whose powerful header bounces away off the upright. A second ball then appears on the pitch from behind the goal, but play is allowed to continue with Chelsea on the front foot.
Time is running out for Chelsea, with just four minutes of stoppage time in this second period.
Garnacho has been one of United's standout performers, with eight attempts and three chances created, but he is sacrificed for the experience and defensive nous of Evans in the closing stages.
Reguilon refuses to give the ball back to Chelsea for a restart and is booked, the third such United booking in that fashion.
James wins a corner from Reguilon in the final seconds...
James' corner is cleared at the near post, and that will be it!
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 2-1 CHELSEA
United deservedly return to winning ways with a 2-1 victory over a disappointing Chelsea side. Indeed, Ten Hag's men made rather harder work of this than they might have. Fernandes had a penalty saved before McTominay netted the first of two goals. The Scotland international and his team-mates should have added to their lead before Palmer equalised against the run of play, and Chelsea were right in the game at 1-1. McTominay's second came from a header that withstood a VAR check, though, and the Blues offered precious little thereafter. Three points take United up to sixth ahead of Saturday's clash with Bournemouth, while Chelsea, still searching for consistency, stay 10th and play Everton next on Sunday. Thanks for following along, and until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Aston Villa and Arsenal at Villa Park!
It's been a stellar season for Villa so far, and they're looking to close the gap to the top of the table with another win here. They've lost just one of their last 13 games in all competitions (W10 D2), but it's their home form that is turning a lot of heads. Their dominant 1-0 win over Manchester City on Wednesday saw them leapfrog Pep Guardiola's side into third and extend their winning run at home in the league to 14 games - they've never before in their history won 15 consecutive games on home soil.
Arsenal were the last side to come away from Villa Park with three points after their 4-2 win back in February. They're in good form themselves and they're looking to go back to the top of the table with another victory here after Liverpool's win over Crystal Palace earlier today. They've won their last six on the bounce in all competitions, extending that run in dramatic fashion as Declan Rice's stoppage-time goal snatched a 4-3 win over Luton Town on Tuesday.
ASTON VILLA STARTING XI (4-4-1-1): Emiliano Martinez; Ezri Konsa, Diego Carlos, Pau Torres, Lucas Digne; Leon Bailey, Boubacar Kamara, Douglas Luiz, John McGinn; Youri Tielemans; Ollie Watkins.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Matty Cash, Jacob Ramsey, Moussa Diaby, Nicolo Zaniolo, Alex Moreno, Filip Marschall, Jhon Duran, Leander Dendoncker, Clement Lenglet.
ARSENAL STARTING XI (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Kai Havertz; Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Jesus, Gabriel Martinelli.
ARSENAL SUBS: Reuell Walters, Mohamed Elneny, Reiss Nelson, Eddie Nketiah, Aaron Ramsdale, Cedric Soares, Jakub Kiwior, Jorginho, Leandro Trossard.
Unsurprisingly, Unai Emery sticks with the same starting line-up that blew City away on Wednesday. Bailey, who scored the winner in that game, has shaken off the issue that forced him off late on to retain his place.
There's just one change by Arsenal from their win over Luton last time out. Zinchenko comes in at left-back for Kiwior, who drops to the bench. They will also be without Mikel Arteta on the touchline after he picked up his third booking of the season during the celebrations on Tuesday.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Jesus gets the game under way for Arsenal!
Arsenal try to make a quick start to the game, but Havertz is dispossessed in the box. Villa work it straight down the other end to win a corner, but Bailey's cross is cleared at the near post by Jesus.
Saliba and Watkins are challenging to bring a long pass down, and Raya comes up behind them to join in. He looks a little shaky as the ball slips through his gloves, but luckily for him, Villa can't pounce on the loose ball.
CHANCE! After soaking up a good spell of Villa pressure, Arsenal break quickly, and Saka goes for the big switch out to Martinelli on the left. He returns the favour, whipping a good cross to the far post, but Saka can't reach it properly on the stretch.
MCGINN SCORES! What a start for Villa! Bailey starts the move on the right, squeezing between three defenders before continuing his run, so he can get it back from Tielemans. He weaves through players before squaring it to McGinn, who neatly turns to face goal before rifling his shot into the far top corner. 1-0 Villa!
It's a brilliant bit of play from Bailey, and Gabriel wasn't sure if he was trying to shoot or cross. He leaves the defender in a bit of a tangle as he pulls it back to the Villa captain.
Arteta does not look happy up in the stands, but Arsenal are trying to get a quick response here. Martinelli pushes his way down the left once more, but the cross is poor this time as Carlos clears his lines.
Just like against City on Wednesday, Villa aren't giving Arsenal a lot of time on the ball, and are closing down the space the visitors want to play through. Martinelli has another run down the wing, but takes it out of play.
Arsenal are enjoying a good spell of possession here, but their final pass is just letting them down at the moment. Zinchenko played his too close to Martinez, while Rice's attempted throughball is too heavy for Saka.
McGinn has scored four goals in the Premier League this season, his most in a single campaign in the competition. He only netted once in 34 league games for Villa last season.
Kamara is caught on the ball in the centre circle by Havertz, who quickly breaks on the counter. He unselfishly tees up Saka, who sees his shot blocked by Torres on the edge of the box.
Zinchenko is popping up all over the pitch, and this time he tries to thread it through the middle for Havertz to chase. Konsa just gets his body in front of the ball, and wins a free-kick when the German drags him down.
Villa mount another good counter after soaking up a spell of Arsenal pressure, and Havertz tugs Tielemans' shirt. Villa have a free-kick in a good position here.
The free-kick is about 30 yards out, and it's Digne who steps up. He curls his cross straight into the wall, and Luiz blasts his follow-up into the exact same place.
Saka peels off the back of Digne in the box, and he draws Martinez out to the byline. The winger manages to pull it back into the middle, but luckily for the hosts, it's Carlos who meets it.
There's a nervy moment at the back for Villa as it's knocked back to Martinez, who takes a heavy touch. None of the Arsenal players were putting pressure on though, so the keeper had the chance to coolly get things moving once more.
Tielemans spins away from Zinchenko, and the left-back grabs a fistful of his shirt to drag him down. He's shown the first booking of the game.
There's only been one shot on target in this game - McGinn's goal - and things are still fairly cagey here. Both sides are struggling to break their opponents down at the moment, as White's run is flagged for offside in Arsenal's latest attack.
SAVE! Villa just play themselves into trouble here, with Watkins cheaply gifting the ball to Odegaard. He slides it through to Saka, who takes the shot first time, but it's curled straight at Martinez.
JUST WIDE! White takes the corner short to Saka, who shapes to cross only to square it to Odegaard. He knocks it past Torres before taking on the shot, but he drags it inches wide of the near post.
Arsenal are just starting to up the pressure now, with Villa struggling to get out of their own half. They look to Martinelli down the left once more, but his cross is behind Jesus.
OFF THE LINE! Martinelli times his run perfectly on the left to get on the end of the long ball, and the keeper rushes off his line. The Brazilian dinks it over him, but Carlos races across to clear it off the line.
Villa are dropping deeper and deeper into their own half as Arsenal ramp up the pressure once more. Martinelli threatens to break down the left again, but Konsa clears his lines.
SAVE! Rice wins the ball back and sets Havertz away down the left. He surges forward before squaring it to Saka, and his deft touch sets Odegaard up nicely. He hits his low shot first time, but Martinez gets behind it.
SAVE! Jesus overruns the ball and touches it to Luiz in an attempt to make up for it. He works it through Tielemans to pick out Watkins, but his shot is smothered by Raya. The flag did go up against him, but the forward had timed his run.
GOOD SAVE! Zinchenko plays another good ball over the top, this time to pick out Jesus' run off the back of Carlos. He cuts inside before whipping a shot on goal, but Martinez stretches to push it away.
Saka's first corner is flicked over the bar at the near post by Konsa, and Arsenal get another chance to whip it in. The second is curled straight into Martinez's gloves, but Rice feels he could've had a penalty as he goes down under pressure from Torres.
Saliba is being put under pressure by Watkins and plays a blind backpass that gives away an unnecessary corner. Bailey whips it into the near post but doesn't clear the first man again as White heads it away.
HALF-TIME: ASTON VILLA 1-0 ARSENAL.
McGinn's early goal gives Villa a 1-0 lead over Arsenal at half-time. The hosts couldn't have asked for a better start to the game as Bailey's trickery helped to set McGinn up to rifle in the opener just seven minutes in. The game slowed a bit after that, but Arsenal started to find their rhythm after the half-hour mark. Martinez made important saves to keep out Saka, Odegaard and Jesus, while Martinelli saw a shot cleared off the line after drawing the keeper off his line and dinking it over him.
Since taking the early lead, Villa haven't been able to cause Arsenal too many problems. They have a great record when taking the lead though, as they haven't lost any of the last 20 Premier League games in which they've opened the scoring (W18 D2), winning each of the last nine in a row. Arteta clearly wasn't happy with how his side started the game, and he'll be looking for them to pick up where they left off to get back into this game.
Villa are making a change at the break. About halfway through the first half, Bailey wasn't moving too comfortably. It looks like Emery isn't taking any chances as he replaces him with Diaby.
Villa get us back under way for the second half!
Jesus is down in the box asking for a penalty after being caught by Luiz. Both players had their feet up to get the ball, and the midfielder caught him a little late. There's not much in it, and after a quick VAR check, there's still no spot-kick.
There are shouts from the home fans for a penalty now for a handball against Gabriel. McGinn's cross was poor, and the defender blocked it, but his arm was down by his side and the referee waves play on.
Arsenal have only come back to win one of their last 21 Premier League away games in which they've trailed at half-time (D4 L16), although that one victory came in this exact fixture last season, winning 4-2 at Villa Park (1-2 at the break).
Digne gets too tight to Saka and then tugs him back when the winger gets away. He's booked, and it's a costly yellow card that will see him miss next weekend's game against Brentford.
Arsenal's high press is causing all sorts of problems here as Kamara is outmuscled by Martinelli on the edge of his own box. The ball bounces kindly towards Jesus, but Martinez rushes out to prevent a shot.
Villa are making another change here. Tielemans is taken off, with Ramsey on in his place.
OFF THE LINE! Saka whips another corner into the six-yard box and Martinez parries it instead of catching. It bounces off Watkins back, and Carlos is on the line once more to preserve Villa's clean sheet.
MISS! Arsenal should be level! Zinchenko dinks it over the top once more, and Havertz gets in front of Ramsey to lift it into the middle. Odegaard runs onto it, hitting the shot first time, but gets it all wrong as it bounces wide of the far post.
Villa just can't get out of their own half at the moment, and they're struggling to get on the ball too. Arsenal are dominating possession, but struggling to get any results to show for it.
NO GOAL! Arsenal work it out from the back again, and Rice lifts it over the top for Saka to chase as he peels off the back of Digne. Martinez comes racing out of his box, but Saka takes it around him before slotting into the empty net, but the flag is up against him.
Luiz just clips the back of Saka's heels but then throws the ball away in frustration. It's a silly booking to pick up, especially since it's his fifth of the season, so he'll miss the Brentford game too.
The space just seems to open up for Diaby down the right, and he's allowed to carry the ball a long way. He doesn't have support in the box, but he curls in a low cross anyway, which Raya holds onto.
Emery is making a double change this time as he tries to gain some control in the game. Konsa is the first to go off, with Cash coming in to slot in at right-back.
And Kamara is taken off, with Dendoncker on in his place.
GOOD SAVE! McGinn goes long and Gabriel chooses to try and get across to cover the inside, allowing Diaby to get on the end of it. He squares it to Watkins in the middle, but his first-time shot is straight at Raya.
Arsenal are making their first change now. Martinelli hasn't shown as much of a threat in the second half, and he's going off for Trossard.
Arsenal win a free-kick to the left, and Odegaard shapes as if he's going to whip it in, but he leaves it to Rice. He drills it low, but a deflection off Luiz's heels takes the power off it for Martinez.
McGinn's frustration at a Villa attack fizzling out gets the better of him, and he flies into a challenge on Odegaard. He can have no complaints about that booking.
Trossard's loose pass gifts possession to Ramsey, but Arsenal quickly flood back in numbers. The Villa substitute plays a one-two with Dendoncker as they work it down the left, but he can only win a corner.
Luiz keeps the ball in play with a lovely bit of skill but nearly sets Odegaard on the counter. Cash rushes in to intercept the pass before that can happen and fizzes his low, long-range shot wide of the far post.
Rice just overruns the ball and then swings out a leg to stop Cash from getting to it. He's the second Arsenal player to get a yellow card.
Villa's final roll of the dice is a straight swap at left-back. Digne, who is on a booking, is replaced by Moreno.
Luiz's switch out to Cash is cut out, and Arsenal break quickly once more. Havertz slides it through to Jesus, but as he tries to make a decision on which option to use, Moreno steps in to dispossess him.
Arsenal's second change is a swap up front as Nketiah comes on to add something different to their attack. He replaces Jesus.
Arsenal have a knack for winning games late on, and they're still pushing for something from this one. Cash plays out of their high press well, unlike Dendoncker, who slices it needlessly out of play for a Gunners throw-in.
Arsenal are still dominating possession, but Villa are standing firm at the back. Their compact shape is doing more than enough to frustrate the visitors at the moment.
There's an off-the-ball incident between Carlos and Nketiah as the defender puts his arm across to stop the run. He catches the substitute with his elbow, and though there's a VAR check for a possible red card, it's just a yellow.
NO GOAL! It's a great cross by Odegaard, and Havertz just rises above Cash. The ball ricochets off both players a couple of times before the German eventually pokes it in from very close range. He's ready to run off in celebration, but the referee says no goal for a handball by Havertz before he scored.
It was a bit of a scramble by both Havertz and Cash at the far post, and it does look like it bounced against Havertz's hand at some point during the chaos. The referee gave it in real-time, and after a very long look at the replays, the onfield decision stands! Still 1-0 Villa!
Martinez was flailing behind Cash during the disallowed goal, and the right-back caught him in the eye with his boot as they both went down. He's up celebrating the decision with the crowd, but he needs patching up before the game can carry on.
The final roll of the dice for Arsenal is an attacking one. Zinchenko goes off, with Nelson adding another body up front.
BLOCK! McGinn makes a driving run upfield, but instead of using the options to his left, he goes it alone, running into Gabriel. The rebound falls to Dendoncker, who curls a long-range shot on goal, but Saliba gets in the way of that one.
The board originally showed five additional minutes, but due to the VAR check at the start of stoppage time, we're still playing here. Villa are trying their best to run the clock down and seal what would be a historic 15th consecutive home win.
MISS! Arsenal are throwing everything they have at Villa to get another last-gasp goal here. Rice curls a good cross in, but Nketiah gets caught under it with his header looping over the bar. The flag was up against him anyway.
FULL-TIME: ASTON VILLA 1-0 ARSENAL.
Aston Villa set a new club record of 15 consecutive home wins in the league as McGinn's early goal sees them beat Arsenal 1-0. The Villa captain scored just seven minutes in, rifling his shot into the top corner. They struggled to create too many more chances, but their defensive work caused Arsenal all sorts of problems. Carlos made two goal-line clearances, one on either side of half-time, as he denied Martinelli and an own goal from a corner. Saka did find the back of the net, but it was ruled out for offside, while Havertz thought he'd equalised in the 90th minute, but the referee spotted a handball in the build-up, and it was disallowed. Villa stay in third, but that win means they're just one point behind the Gunners, and they're just two points off Liverpool at the top. They play Zrinjski in the Europa Conference League on Thursday next time out. Arsenal suffer just their second league defeat of the season as they miss the chance to go back into first. They travel to PSV on Tuesday in the Champions League. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Brighton and Burnley.
Brighton are in good form and have won three of their last four matches in all competitions. The Seagulls beat Nottingham Forest in a five-goal thriller to end their six-game winless run in the Premier League before a narrow victory over AEK Athens in the Europa League saw them qualify for the knockout stages. A 3-2 loss to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge followed their two positive results before they returned to winning ways with a 2-1 victory over Brentford in midweek. As a result, Roberto De Zerbi are eighth in the table and could go as high as fifth with another triumph. Brighton will also want to combine their strong results with a clean sheet, with the hosts conceding in every match in the league this campaign.
Burnley have lost seven of their last eight games in the Premier League and are 19th in the table. The Clarets looked to be moving in the right direction when they thumped Sheffield United 5-0 at Turf Moor but couldn’t build any momentum from their victory. Vincent Kompany’s men lost 1-0 to Wolves in their last outing, with their only two wins this season coming against the other two newly promoted sides. Conceding 33 goals this season, just two fewer than they did in their Championship campaign last term, Burnley are three points away from safety and will drop to the bottom of the table if they lose and the Blades beat Brentford. However, they have never lost on their travels against Brighton, winning two and drawing three of their five encounters.
BRIGHTON (4-2-3-1): Bart Verbruggen; James Milner, Lewis Dunk, Jan Paul van Hecke, Carlos Baleba; Pascal Gross, Mahmoud Dahoud; Simon Adingra, Simon Adingra, Joao Pedro; Evan Ferguson.
BRIGHTON SUBS: Igor Julio, Billy Gilmour, Jakub Moder, Kaoru Mitoma, Jason Steele, Facundo Buonanotte, Jack Hinshelwood, Benicio Baker-Boaitey, Benicio Baker-Boaitey.
BURNLEY (4-4-2): James Trafford; Vitinho, Dara O’Shea, Jordan Beyer, Charlie Taylor; Wilson Odobert, Sander Berge, Josh Brownhill, Johann Gudmundsson; Jay Rodriguez, Zeki Amdouni.
BURNLEY SUBS: Connor Roberts, Nathan Redmond, Hjalmar Ekdal, Anass Zaroury, Aaron Ramsey, Mike Tresor, Jacob Bruun Larsen, Han-Noah Massengo, Arijanet Muric.
Brighton make six changes to the side that beat Brentford in their last Premier League match. Verbruggen starts in goal after missing the previous two games, with Steele dropping onto the bench. Dunk also returns from suspension after his red card against Forest and replaces Igor at centre-back. Milner is picked ahead of Hinshelwood at right-back. Dahoud was sent off versus the Blades but is back in the team today, with Gilmour missing out on a spot in the midfield. Lallana and Ferguson come in for Mitoma and Buonanotte in the attack. Pedro keeps his place but moves out to the wing, allowing Ferguson to lead the attack.
Burnley make three alterations to the team that lost 1-0 to Wolves at Molineux. Beyer returns from his one-match suspension and replaces Ekdal in the defence. Gudmundsson makes his first start in three matches and comes in for Koleosho, who is out with a long-term injury. Odobert also appears in the side and is picked ahead of Bruun Larsen, who drops onto the bench.
Five of the 10 Premier League meetings between Brighton and Burnley have ended in a draw (two Brighton wins, three Burnley wins), including three goalless draws. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Brighton get this Premier League clash under way. Ferguson with the first kick.
Gudmundsson is back in the Burnley team and will be their player to watch. Despite playing just 597 minutes across 10 Premier League appearances, he has created 22 chances this season, at least 10 more than any other Burnley player. His rate of 3.3 chances created per 90 minutes is the best of any Burnley player in a single Premier League campaign (min. 500 minutes).
Odobert does brilliantly to drive down the left with possession, He weaves his way through a few defenders and gets into the box before winning a corner. However, Gudmundsson's delivery is poor and Brighton clear it away.
Burnley are holding a rigid defensive structure and are trying to stop Brighton from keeping possession in their attacking third. They are letting the Seagulls pass it from side to side on the halfway line, well away from their goal.
Baleba usually plays in the midfield for Brighton, but he is currently the deepest player in the Seagulls' system. He has dropped between Dunk and Van Hecke when the hosts are in possession. He is getting plenty of touches in the opening stages of the match.
Adingra plays a loose pass in Brighton's half, with Brownhill rushing in to make an interception. Burnley spring forward and have possession on the edge of the Seagulls' box, but their attack breaks down after good play from Rodríguez and Amdouni.
WIDE! The first chance of the match goes to Burnley. Gudmundsson collects possession on the right side of the box and switches the ball onto his left foot. He looks for the top corner with a curling effort across the goal, but his strike flashes wide.
Burnley have lost each of their last four Premier League away games, last having a longer losing run on the road in the division between November 2016 and February 2017 (seven). They have been the better side in the opening 12 minutes. Brighton have made a couple of loose passes, with De Zerbi looking frustrated in the dugout.
The first yellow card goes to O'Shea after a late tackle on Ferguson just outside the box. A shooting opportunity for Brighton arises.
Gross is over the free-kick. The ball is positioned on the left, with the Germany international hitting the wall with a powerful effort.
Vitinho is over a throw-in on the right and he launches the ball into the box. O'Shea helps it on, but Dunk thumps it away. Vitinho plays the next one short before putting a cross into the box, but Rodriguez fouls Verbruggen, who is somewhat fortunate to win a free-kick.
SAVE! Amdouni heads the ball over to Gudmundsson, who dribbles forward with the ball before slotting a pass back into the path of the striker. He then has a shot from the edge of the box, but Verbruggen makes a simple save.
Dunk finds Lallana in the box. He has a few touches of the ball on the left before sliding it across towards Adingra. Taylor gets across to clear it away. Pedro collects it on the left, but his inswinging cross goes behind for a goal-kick.
Brighton had a very slow start to this game, with De Zerbi making six changes to his side. However, the Seagulls are starting to grow into the game and are playing the ball around with pace. However, they are yet to create a clear chance.
Vitinho surges down the right with the ball and skips past Pedro. He gets into the box and cuts inside of Milner, but his pass across to Rodriguez is poor and Brighton have it back.
Pedro looks to go past his marker on the left side of the box but decides to poke a pass back to Milner. He then finds Ferguson with a cross into the box, with the striker heading well over.
Vitinho has a throw-in on the right next to the halfway line. However, he has it in his hands for quite a while, with nobody in a Burnley shirt giving him an option. He might have seen a yellow card earlier in the season for taking too long to pick an option.
SAVE! Pedro moves inside with the ball and finds Adingra with a pass. The winger then slides the ball down the right to Gross, who overlaps him and gets into the box. He then looks for the near post with a low shot, but Trafford sticks out a foot to make a smart stop.
Gross makes the most of a loose pass from Burnley. He drives through the heart of the pitch before finding Lallana, who offloads it to Adingra on his right. The winger then cuts inside just outside of the box and looks to shoot, but his effort is blocked.
Dunk has the ball inside Brighton's half and attempts to switch it over to Adingra on the right. He cannot keep it on the pitch, but the flag then goes up for offside. Burnley then take their time to take the free-kick, with Lallana furious at the officials for not speeding up the Clarets.
SAVE! Trafford saves his side for a second time. Burnley cause their own problems, with the away side gifting the Seagulls possession inside their own box. Ferguson drops it back to Milner, whose low strike towards the bottom corner is pushed away.
WIDE! Brighton are starting to dominate this match. Adingra receives the ball on the right and curls a fantastic cross into the box. Van Hecke gets onto the end of it but crashes his header just wide of the post.
Brighton are starting to get in their groove in possession. The Seagulls play quick passes on the edge of the box, with Gross laying it back to Dahoud. He then blasts a first-time strike over the bar.
There has been plenty of action at both ends but no goals. If Brighton’s recent record conveys anything, it is that the deadlock will be broken sooner rather than later. The Seagulls are on the longest scoring run in the Premier League (31 games) and also the longest run of conceding (19 games) of any team. Only five teams in top-flight history have scored and conceded in 20 or more consecutive matches, most recently Newcastle United between December 1957 and August 1958 (21).
Brighton build their play down the left side of the pitch. The ball rolls into the path of Dahoud outside the box, but he is caught between a shot and a pass into Adingra. As a result, he slices it out for a throw-in.
Burnley gift Brighton possession once again. Lallana collects the ball just outside the box and he looks to slide it through to Ferguson, but O'Shea gets back to poke it behind.
Adingra is up against Taylor on the right, with the winger allowed to get the ball out of his feet before curling a low cross into the box. Ferguson rushes across to try and attack it, but O'Shea is there to slide it away.
GOALLLL! ODOBERT SCORES! 1-0 BURNLEY! The away side have a goal out of nothing! Odobert races down the left side of the pitch and cuts inside with possession. He takes a shot from outside the box and finds the top corner.
Rodriguez launched the ball down the left, giving Odobert something to chase onto. He creates something out of nothing, dribbling inside before beating Verbruggen with an emphatic strike.
There will be two minutes of additional time.
HALF-TIME: BRIGHTON 0-1 BURNLEY
Odobert struck just before half-time to give Burnley the lead over Brighton. The Seagulls made six changes to their side and started slowly. Gudmundsson went close to breaking the deadlock, but his curling effort went just wide of the post. Amdouni then had a tame shot saved by Verbruggen before Brighton had their best spell. Gross' driven strike towards the near post was poked behind by the foot of Trafford. The Clarets gifted a chance to the home side after a loose pass in their own box. Ferguson dropped the ball back to Milner, but his low effort was pushed behind by the goalkeeper. However, it was the Kompany's team that scored just before the break. Odobert dribbled inside from the left and crashed his strike from outside of the box into the top corner.
Brighton would have been satisfied with their first-half display if they held onto their clean sheet. They grew in confidence after a slow start and were passing the ball around with pace, but will still be somewhat disappointed with their chance creation. The Seagulls' 10 shots only accumulated an xG (expected goals) of 0.55, with most of their attempts coming from difficult positions. As for Burnley, they will be delighted. The Clarets kept the score level during Brighton's dominance and netted a goal just before half-time. However, they must be more careful with the ball if they want to stay ahead, as they have a passing accuracy of 78 per cent.
Gilmour started the last match and is now coming on. Dahoud is off after an indifferent first half.
De Zerbi has seen enough and has decided to make two changes before the restart. Key man Mitoma makes his way onto the pitch, with Lallana making his way off. The Japan international should add more pace on the wings.
Burnley get the ball rolling again.
Burnley are unbeaten in their last nine Premier League matches when leading at half-time (winning five and drawing four) dating back to August 14 2021 against Brighton & Hove Albion (losing 2-1).
CHANCE! Burnley should be two goals ahead. Odobert tricks his way down the right and skips past a few defenders before getting to the byline. His low shot across the goal is saved by Verbruggen. Rodriguez is there for the rebound, but his effort is also blocked by the goalkeeper.
Odobert is looking dangerous every time he gets on the ball. He rushes down the left again but has no support around him. He looks to move inside to try and get a shot away on his stronger right foot. However, he is crowded out.
Mitoma has the ball on the left side of the box and he slides it into the feet of Pedro. He has very little space to work with but does well to chip a cross over to Adingra. However, Taylor reads his intentions and heads it away.
Taylor collects the ball on the left next to the byline. He has space and time to put a cross into Brighton's box, but he gets it completely wrong. A wasted chance for Burnley.
Mitoma rolls the ball into Ferguson, who tries to battle his way past Beyer and Vitinho inside the box. However, the Burnley pair work together well to get it away.
Burnley make a change. Gudmundsson has had a good impact in this match and went close to scoring earlier with a curling effort. Summer signing Ramsey takes his place.
Milner comes off after a difficult game in the defence for Brighton. Hinshelwood scored the winner in the Seagulls' last match and is now on at left-back.
Igor also comes on to replace Baleba. Brighton only have one more change to make with over 30 minutes left to play.
Gross has possession on the left and he dinks a cross into the box with his right foot. Pedro looks to flick it on, but  Beyer heads it away. The Seagulls need to get Ferguson more involved as he is the only physical presence in the attack.
OVER! Mitoma goes close for the first time. Adingra drifts inside from the right and slides a pass over to Mitoma. He attempts to curl a first-time effort across the goal and into the top corner, but it goes over. Trafford watched it all the way.
Van Hecke finds himself in an unusual position on the right just outside Burnley's box. The defender floats a cross into the middle, but Ferguson heads well wide.
Taylor takes too long with a free-kick and goes into the book. He will be suspended for their next match against Everton.
Mitoma races down the left on the counter and cuts a pass across to  Ferguson on the edge of the box. The ball is slightly behind the striker, who looks to flick an effort towards the goal, but it goes wide. Adingra was behind him and had a better angle to shoot from.
Ferguson does well to hold off Beyer inside the box. He gets on the end of a throw-in and flicks the ball across to Gilmour, but his touch is poor and the ball gets away from him.
Brighton have only lost one of their last 12 home Premier League games against newly promoted sides (winning five and drawing six), a 1-0 defeat to Fulham in February last season. The Seagulls are behind in this match but are pushing for the equaliser. Burnley are about to make three changes.
Odobert goes into the book after a late tackle on Van Hecke. He steps on his foot and the defender is hurt.
SAVE! Trafford makes another great save. Gross swings a fantastic cross into the box from the left. Pedro attacks it but flicks it on instead of shooting. Adingra is completely unmarked, with Trafford making a save at close range.
GOALLLL! ADINGRA SCORES! 1-1! The Seagulls are level! Gross has the ball on the left. He pretends to swing a cross into the box with his left foot before shifting it onto his right. The ball goes all the way over to Adingra, who heads his effort across the goal and into the net.
Gross gets a deserved assist in this match. He has put several fantastic deliveries into the box from the right, this time finding Adingra, who heads the ball past Trafford brilliantly.
Burnley make three changes straight after Brighton's goal. Rodríguez had a fantastic chance to double Burnley's lead but was denied by Verbruggen. Redmond is on in the attack.
Odobert scored Burnley's goal to break the deadlock but is now being given a rest. Tresor comes on as a substitute for the third successive game.
Ramsey came on as a substitute earlier on and is now coming off with an injury. Roberts takes his place.
Brighton are really starting to put the pressure on Burnley. Mitoma gets to the byline and attempts to flash a low cross into the box, but O'Shea is there to make an import interception.
Kompany makes another defensive change to try and help his side earn a point. Striker Amdouni comes off for Ekdal.
Tresor skips away from van Hecke and plays a pass down the left to Redmond. He holds onto the ball and waits for support, rolling it across the box to Roberts. He makes a fantastic run but cannot get on the end of it.
Burnley want a point out of this match, but Brighton want to win. De Zerbi makes an attacking change, with captain Dunk coming off for Buonanotte.
Four different teenagers have scored in the Premier League for Brighton in 2023 – Evan Ferguson, Julio Enciso, Facundo Buonanotte and Jack Hinshelwood – the joint-most by a team in a calendar year in Premier League history along with Everton in 1997 (Danny Cadamarteri, Michael Ball, Michael Branch and John Oster).
Redmond trips Van Hecke and goes into the book.
Gross curls a free-kick over the wall and towards the Burnley goal. Trafford couldn't tell if the shot was heading on target, so pushes it out for a corner.
Mitoma, Pedro and Gross combine down the left before the latter of the three lays a pass into Buonanotte. He gets towards the byline but has his low cross blocked. Everyone apart from Redmond is back for Burnley.
There will be eight minutes of additional time. Brighton will be happy to hear that.
Gross puts another inviting cross into the box with his right foot. Hinshelwood makes the first contact before poking a shot towards the goal, but Trafford makes himself big and blocks it.
Brighton have another chance to take the lead. Mitoma races towards the byline before lofting a cross towards Hinshelwood. He rises well but heads well over.
Gross is over a corner on the left, but his inswinging cross goes straight into the hands of Trafford. The Germany international will be disappointed with his delivery.
SAVE! Trafford makes another fantastic stop. The ball goes over to Adingra on the right and he redirects it back to Hinshelwood. He heads an effort towards the top corner, but Trafford reacts quickly to push it behind.
Burnley clear the Brighton corner to the edge of the box. Gilmour is lurking, but his low shot scurries wide of the post.
CHANCE! Gross has one assist in this match but he could have three or four. He whips a cross into the box from the right, with Ferguson getting on the end of it. However, his effort goes straight into the gloves of the goalkeeper, who drops to the floor.
SAVE! Trafford makes another phenomenal stop. The ball is switched over to Mitoma, who is on the left side of the box. He lashes a first-time strike into the floor and towards the top corner, but Trafford gets across quickly to push the ball over the bar.
FULL-TIME: BRIGHTON 1-1 BURNLEY
Odobert scored a stunning goal and Trafford made 10 saves to help Burnley claim a point in a 1-1 draw against Brighton. The Clarets started well and had two early chances. Gudmundsson curled a shot from the right just wide of the post before Amdouni forced Verbruggen into a simple save. Gross and Milner then had efforts stopped by Trafford before Burnley took the lead. Odobert raced down the left and cut inside before curling his effort into the top corner. Rodriguez went close to doubling their lead but was denied by the leg of the goalkeeper before Brighton levelled. Gross’ inviting cross from the right found Adingra, who headed the ball across the goal and into the net. The Seagulls pushed for a winner but could not find one. Trafford saved headers from Ferguson and Hinshelwood before pushing Mitoma’s downward strike towards the top corner behind in the final few seconds. Next up, Brighton host Marseille in the Europa League before travelling to Arsenal in the Premier League. As for Burnley, they host Everton. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League fixture, as Crystal Palace welcome Liverpool to Selhurst Park.
14th-placed Palace are in a really poor spell of form at the moment, having won just once in their last eight league games. They’ve taken just one point from 12 available since that 2-0 win at Burnley, drawing 1-1 with West Ham before a 2-0 home loss to Bournemouth last time out.
Conversely, Liverpool are unbeaten in their last eight, and have suffered just one defeat so far this season. Jurgen Klopp’s Reds come into this game off the back of successive victories over Sheffield United and Fulham, and could overtake Arsenal at the top of the table with another win here.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-3-3): Sam Johnstone; Nathaniel Clyne, Joachim Andersen, Marc Guehi, Joel Ward; Jefferson Lerma, Chris Richards, Will Hughes; Jordan Ayew, Odsonne Edouard, Jeffrey Schlupp.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: Remi Matthews, James Tomkins, Michael Olise, Matheus Franca, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Malcolm Ebiowei, Naouirou Ahamada, Jairo Riedewald, David Ozoh.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Alisson; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Jarell Quansah, Virgil van Dijk, Kostas Tsimikas; Dominik Szoboszlai, Wataru Endo, Ryan Gravenberch; Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez, Luis Diaz.
LIVERPOOL SUBS: Caoimhin Kelleher, Joe Gomez, Ibrahima Konate, Curtis Jones, Cody Gakpo, Harvey Elliott, Ben Doak, James McConnell, Conor Bradley.
Roy Hodgson makes two changes from the side defeated 2-0 in Croydon by Bournemouth, with ex-Liverpool defender Nathaniel Clyne coming in for the injured Tyrick Mitchell and captain Joel Ward switching to left-back. Michael Olise, a transfer target for Liverpool last summer, drops to the bench, with Will Hughes taking his place in midfield.
Meanwhile, Liverpool have made five changes from the 2-0 win over Sheffield United, their most from one match to another this season. They come from back to front too, with Alisson between the sticks and Jarell Quansah and Kostas Tsimikas slotting into the backline. Ryan Gravenberch takes the midfield place of the injured Alexis Mac Allister, while Darwin Nunez leads the line with Cody Gakpo amongst the substitutes.
The two teams trudge out onto the pitch as the rain pours down on Selhurst Park, and we'll be ready and set for kick-off in just a matter of moments!
Nunez kicks the game off for Liverpool, and we're up and running in south London!
Liverpool have never lost a Premier League away game at Crystal Palace under Jurgen Klopp, winning seven out of their eight visits. Their last defeat there was in November 2014 under Brendan Rodgers.
The ball breaks nicely for Tsimikas some 30 yards from goal, who fizzes a half-volley that swerves several yards away from the intended target!
Endo is dispossessed by Hughes and Richards plays a throughball down the middle for Edouard to chase, but Van Dijk's on the scene for Liverpool and recovers the ball.
Crystal Palace haven't won any of their last 12 Premier League meetings with Liverpool, of which they've lost 10 - their longest ongoing winless run against an opponent.
Ward's long free-kick into the Liverpool box is nodded down by Richards and flicked towards goal by Lerma, but Van Dijk heads clear before Guehi can get his head to the ball.
Palace captain Ward is making his 148th Premier League appearance at Selhurst Park, overtaking Wilfried Zaha (147) for the most games played there in the competition.
A smart inside ball from Gravenberch opens up space on the right for Salah, who finds Tsimikas in the box before the Greek left-back has a shot deflected clear!
Quansah's clearance is brought back down the left flank by Schlupp, whose cross deflects behind off Alexander-Arnold for the game's first corner.
Hughes' delivery is headed away by Liverpool, who immediately set off on the counter-attack. Ward's sliding challenge forces Salah wide, and his cross into the middle is well claimed by Johnstone for Palace.
Nunez's lofted ball in behind has Salah racing after it, but Johnstone springs off his line to come out and collect the ball before the Egyptian can get there.
Alexander-Arnold's cross takes a deflection as Nunez closes in at the far post, but Ward's there to nod the ball behind for a Liverpool corner.
From the cleared Liverpool corner, both Szoboszlai and Gravenberch have shots blocked from the edge of the box, in some real backs-to-the-wall defending from the home side!
With an average age of exactly 29 years, this is Crystal Palace's oldest starting XI in the Premier League since a 2-0 defeat to Liverpool in May 2021, during which the average age was just one day short of 30 years.
Guehi brings down a high ball and sets off on the charge for Palace. He plays a smart one-two with Lerma on the turn and spreads it wide to Ayew, but the Ghanaian's cross for his captain is cleared by the Liverpool defence.
Liverpool have lost just one of their last 26 Premier League matches, a 2-1 defeat to Spurs in September. Since they lost to Man City in April, the Reds have won more points than any other side in the competition (59).
Another cross-field free-kick from Palace is brought down superbly by Schlupp, who takes Alexander-Arnold on down the byline and wins a corner off the Liverpool defender.
Alisson comes a good 20 yards out of his box to link up with his defenders passing the ball around at the back, and is almost caught on the hop by Edouard before Quansah and Van Dijk get Liverpool out of trouble!
Liverpool have won just four of their last 15 Premier League games in London, losing on their last trip to the capital against Tottenham. The Reds haven’t lost back-to-back Premier League games in London since defeats at Palace (November 2014) and Arsenal (April 2015).
SAVED!!! A miraculous stop keeps Palace at bay! The hosts break at speed as Ayew charges into open space down the right-hand side. His low cross into the middle is missed by Edouard but met by Lerma, whose first-time shot is heading for the bottom corner! Alisson's initial save doesn't get enough on it, but the goalkeeper retreats brilliantly to claw the goalbound ball off the post and the line at full stretch!
Is it a penalty? Endo is caught out in possession by Hughes as he collects a Van Dijk pass, and the Palace midfielder feeds Edouard in the box. He looks to beat Van Dijk but is brought down by the Liverpool defender, and the referee has no hesitation in pointing straight to the spot! The referee's also reaching for a card, but the VAR officials are asking him to double-check this...
Replays are suggesting a foul on Endo from Hughes to kick-start that Palace attack, and the referee is heading over to the pitch-side monitor for an even closer look!
NO PENALTY!!! Hughes does get into quite the tangle with Endo on the edge of Liverpool's box, and the contact is enough for the referee to reverse his initial decision! Palace are denied a spot kick, but you can't help feeling that Liverpool have gotten away with one there!
Since the start of last season, Liverpool have won just one of their seven Premier League away games kicking off at 12:30pm on a Saturday, beating Wolves 3-1 in September. Of all the kick-off times the Reds have played 10+ games under Klopp in the league, their lowest points-per-game average is at 12:30 (1.76).
Play halts momentarily as an injury to Edouard is assessed, and Palace's French striker is taken off the pitch for now, but you'd imagine he'll be able to continue.
Another Ward free-kick sails into the box, but a mix-up between Alisson and Van Dijk sees both players go for the ball, with the latter sending a header spiralling into the air before it's collected by his goalkeeper!
A fast Palace break down the left is cut out by Tsimikas in the Liverpool box, and he feeds Diaz looking to counter down the other side. The Colombian is tripped off the ball from behind by Ward, who is shown the game's first yellow card after that deliberate foul.
Since the start of October, no side have won fewer Premier League games than Palace (one), while only Sheffield United (six) have scored fewer goals than the Eagles' seven.
Hughes and Endo collide in midfield once again, but this time the Palace midfielder is penalised immediately on the halfway line.
Tsimikas and Nunez come forward for Liverpool and the Uruguayan drifts inside before teeing up Endo, but Schlupp's intervention sends the ball behind for a corner before the midfielder can pick out a shot or pass.
Diaz bursts past Ward on the inside and looks to combine with Gravenberch and Nunez in the middle, but the latter's final ball doesn't stick and Ayew gets back to recover possession for Palace.
We're into five additional minutes at the end of this fiery first half at Selhurst Park.
BLOCKED!!! Alexander-Arnold's cut-back for Salah is struck first-time by the Egyptian, but hits a Palace defender. The rebound comes out to Szoboszlai on the edge of the box, but Hughes gets in the way of his effort to put the ball behind for a corner!
Liverpool are keeping possession well in Palace's half and Alexander-Arnold tries a scooped pass wide to Van Dijk, but it's several yards behind the centre-back and rolls over the touchline to the home crowd's delight.
HALF-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 0-0 LIVERPOOL.
It's goalless at the break in south London, with Liverpool yet to really find their rhythm and the hosts going closest to an opener so far. The Reds controlled much of the ball in the opening 25 minutes or so, but couldn't create anything in the final third thanks to staunch, organised Palace defence. The Eagles flew up the other end and had the only real guilt-edge chance of the game moments later, with Alisson recovering well to deny Lerma with a double save. VAR intervened to deny Palace a penalty after Van Dijk took Edouard to ground, with an earlier foul from Hughes on Endo giving Liverpool an almighty let-off. Klopp's side did build some impetus towards the back end of the half with Salah and Szoboszlai having shots blocked, but this is still anyone's game with the second half coming up.
Only a miraculous Alisson save prevented him scoring the opener, but Jefferson Lerma has been impressive regardless in Palace's midfield. His goalbound shot had 0.5 xG behind it, and the Colombian has also completed more touches and passes than any other Palace player, completing nine balls into the final third. Lerma has also come up with possession a game-high six times, winning three of four duels, one tackle and one free-kick apiece. Engine.
Edouard's first-half injury has ruled him out of making any further involvement, with Jean-Philippe Mateta coming on to replace him up front in the second half.
Endo comes off for Liverpool after a difficult opening 45 minutes, and Joe Gomez's introduction will likely see him play right-back and Alexander-Arnold slot into the Reds' midfield three.
Hughes will get the second half underway at Selhurst Park, and the Eagles have us back up and running.
Palace's first free-kick of the half causes trouble for Liverpool as Ward knocks the ball back into the box, but Van Dijk nods it clear ahead of Guehi.
WIDE!!! Diaz cuts inside off the left and curls a shot towards the far corner. Nunez gets a slight flick on the ball as it whistles past the post, but does so from an offside position and the flag goes up!
Lerma slips a throughball in behind with Mateta giving chase, but Van Dijk beats him to the ball and cleans up at the back for the Reds.
Clyne intercepts a loose Liverpool pass and races down the left wing with the ball at his feet. He feeds Lerma ahead of him, who crosses low into the box, but Alexander-Arnold gets back to put the ball behind at the front post.
Mateta looks to get on the end of Hughes' cross at the near post, but Quansah gets across him first and flicks the ball away from danger.
Palace have failed to score a first-half goal in 13 of their 16 games so far, with no team failing to do so more often in the Premier League this season.
PENALTY!!! What's happened here then? VAR has advised the referee to take a second look at Quansah's previous challenge on Mateta in the box, and replays show that there is indeed contact! Even though that passage of play occurred several minutes ago, the referee points to the spot and Palace have a chance to open the scoring from 12 yards here!
Gravenberch comes off in Liverpool's second midfield change of the match, and Cody Gakpo will slot into the three in a much more attack-minded role.
Quansah is also taken off by Jurgen Klopp having conceded that penalty, and is replaced in central defence by Ibrahima Konate.
GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Palace lead against Liverpool!!! Mateta makes no mistake from 12 yards, drilling the ball low into the bottom-right corner, sending Alisson the wrong way and putting the Eagles into a 1-0 lead!! Denied a first-half penalty, Palace are gifted one by VAR in the second, and take full advantage here!
CHANCE!!! A golden opportunity for an instant Liverpool response!! Alexander-Arnold swings a low free-kick into the Palace box, but Nunez can't quite get on the end of the ball as he slides in at the far post!
Ayew needlessly kicks the ball away after Liverpool win a free-kick, and the yellow card shown by the referee will rule him out of Palace's next game.
SAVED!!! Mateta chests down a high ball brilliantly and tees up Schlupp to shoot, with Alisson called into action again to wrap up the winger's shot from the edge of the area!
Mateta's penalty puts Palace ahead in this exact fixture for the first time since March 2018, in a game which the Eagles eventually lost 2-1 thanks to goals from Salah and Sadio Mane.
A good Palace change engineered by Mateta and Ayew breaks down, and Lerma's poor effort to drag Gomez off the ball earns the Colombian a yellow card.
Liverpool have failed to win their last four Premier League matches in which they've conceded the opening goal, dating back to that 3-1 victory over Wolves in September.
Lerma has pulled up with a hamstring strain and Hodgson has no choice but to replace the booked midfielder, with Michael Olise on to provide an entirely different proposition for Liverpool's defence.
Gomez gets around the outside of Clyne and fizzes a cross into the area, but it hits Schlupp before any of his team-mates and goes behind for a corner.
Van Dijk rises at the back post to get on the end of Alexander-Arnold's corner, but can't direct his effort on target and heads well wide.
Richards follows Gakpo all the way as the Liverpool substitute plays a one-two down the right, and is shown a yellow card after dragging him to ground.
CHANCE!!! Alexander-Arnold's free-kick sails towards the far post, but Nunez tries a volley rather than heading the ball and gets it all wrong as the ball bounces behind!
Two more subs coming for the Reds, with Curtis Jones replacing Szoboszlai in their midfield.
Nunez also comes off having missed that chance just moments ago, and Harvey Elliott enters the fray in place of the striker.
HE'S OFF!! Palace's composed performance takes a significant hit, after Ayew needlessly takes Elliott down on halfway. He's shown a second yellow card and can have no complaints with the referee's decision, and the red that follows leaves the Eagles down to 10 men for the final 15 minutes of this game!
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Liverpool make Palace pay!! Gakpo's cross to the far post isn't dealt with by Olise, and drops for Jones in the box. He has Salah to his right and finds the prolific goalscorer, whose deflected shot beats Johnstone and finds the far corner!!! 200 Liverpool goals for Salah, and while that's some milestone for the Egyptian, it's a goal that will give the Reds supreme confidence that they can go on to win this game!
It was absolute mayhem in Palace's box when that ball fell for Jones, but the substitute showed great composure to keep his cool and find the man who certainly knows his way to the goal.
Salah's goal was his 200th for Liverpool in all competitions, becoming just the fifth player in the club's history to reach that landmark. The equaliser came just 98 seconds after Ayew's red card. Costly.
Elliott tees up a Gomez cross from the right-hand byline, which dips awkwardly at the far post before being pawed away from danger by Johnstone!
Liverpool have now scored 13 goals in the last 15 minutes of their second halves this season, more than any other Premier League side. Timing.
The Reds are now threatening to open Palace up at any and every opportunity, but Clyne recovers well to close the space on Gomez and put his low cross behind for a corner.
Palace look for fresh legs to help them hang onto what would still be a well-earned point here, and Naouirou Ahamada is introduced in place of Schlupp.
Palace boss Hodgson has lost each of his last eight Premier League games against former club Liverpool, since a 1-0 win with West Brom in April 2012. Indeed, managers to have previously taken charge of Liverpool in the Premier League have lost 17 of their last 19 games against the Reds in the competition, the exceptions being two Brendan Rodgers wins with Leicester in 2021.
Johnstone has also pulled up injured in his own box and won't be able to continue, with replacement goalkeeper Remi Matthews coming on for both his Premier League and Eagles debut!
WIDE!!! Gomez beats Ahamada and drills a low cross into the middle, which is parried away from the goalmouth by Matthews. Elliott arrives to lash in the rebound, but fires his half-volley into the stands!
Diaz is giving chase to Elliott's looping ball into the six-yard box, but Matthews climbs higher to pluck the ball out of the air.
Strap in - we're set for TEN added minutes at Selhurst Park, which could prove to be more than enough time for either side to win this game!
GOOOOOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!! And Liverpool might just have won it!! Salah feeds Elliott some 30 yards from goal, who skips past Mateta, takes aim, and fires a sweetly-struck, curling strike into the bottom-right corner!! 2-1 to the Reds in the dying minutes, and it's some finish from the youngster!
Salah's ball gave Elliott plenty of space to run into, and boy did he use that space to full effect there!
Palace have now conceded seven goals to opposition substitutes in the Premier League this season; no team has conceded more.
BALL IN THE NET!!! Liverpool are denied a third!! Elliott slips a lovely throughball in behind the defence, and Diaz bursts onto it to scoop the ball over Matthews and into the back of the net! He's always offside from the initial pass though, and the flag is raised accordingly to rule it out!
Hughes has been one of Palace's strongest performers in this game, and comes off late for youngster David Ozoh to see it out for the hosts.
Jurgen Klopp has won 12 of his 16 Premier League meetings with Crystal Palace, his joint-most against any side in the competition. In his managerial career, only against Freiburg (13) has he won more league games, and that record is just seconds away from being matched!
Andersen shunts Diaz over as the Liverpool winger releases the ball, and goes into the book late on for that needless challenge.
Ahamada flicks the ball past Gomez and knows he can beat him on the turn, but is prevented from doing so by the defender, who drags him back and picks up a yellow card for the poor tackle.
A clash of the two number sevens sees Olise felled by Diaz as he looks to find space for a pass, and the Liverpool man is shown the game's latest yellow card.
SAVED!!! Alisson all-but rescues the points for Liverpool!! Olise's free-kick is met at the far-post by Andersen, whose goalbound header is tipped around the upright by Alisson at full stretch!
The Palace corner is cleared and Ahamada can't bring the ball back under control, clipping Diaz late as it's stolen by the winger and receiving a yellow card for the challenge.
FULL-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 1-2 LIVERPOOL.
Liverpool complete a late second-half turnaround to take all three points from Selhurst Park, with goals, cards and VAR drama making for one hell of a spectacle! Awarded a penalty by VAR's intervention some two minutes after the initial challenge, Palace took full advantage as Mateta slotted home the opener. With Liverpool still being restricted to half-chances, Palace looked to be heading for a historic victory, but all that changes 15 minutes from time when Ayew's needless challenge yielded his second yellow card. The Eagles didn't even get chance to organise themselves when down to 10 men, as Salah struck home the equaliser from close range less than 100 seconds later, netting his 200th goal for Liverpool in the process. From there, the Reds laid siege to Palace's box, and hit the jackpot a minute into the 10 added on for stoppages. Harvey Elliott cruised through the middle to curl in a sumptuous winner, and despite a late chance for Andersen and flurry of yellow cards for both sides, Liverpool held on to secure a comeback victory which sends them to the summit of the Premier League table.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Everton and Chelsea at Goodison Park.
The hosts head into this one on a high after a superb 3-0 win over top-four hopefuls Newcastle United in midweek. That was Everton's third victory in four matches, enough to lift them out of the relegation zone despite their 10-point deduction for financial breaches. Without that penalty, the Toffees would be in the top half of the Premier League.
A below-par Chelsea performance away at Manchester United led to a 2-1 defeat in midweek, the Blues' second loss in three matches. They head to Goodison Park in 10th, though they are level on points with 13th-placed Bournemouth and only five points above Nottingham Forest in 16th.
EVERTON (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Ashley Young, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite, Vitalii Mykolenko; Jack Harrison, James Garner, Idrissa Gueye, Dwight McNeil; Abdoulaye Doucoure; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
SUBS: Nathan Patterson, Mackenzie Hunt, Amadou Onana, Lewis Dobbin, Beto, Youssef Chermiti, Ben Godfrey, Arnaut Danjuma, Joao Virginia.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Robert Sanchez; Reece James, Axel Disasi, Benoit Badiashile, Marc Cucurella; Enzo Fernandez, Moises Caicedo; Cole Palmer, Connor Gallagher, Mykhailo Mudryk; Armando Broja.
SUBS: Dorde Petrovic, Levi Colwill, Alfie Gilchrist, Thiago Silva, Nicolas Jackson, Raheem Sterling, Leo Castledine, Alex Matos, Ian Maatsen.
Sean Dyche makes just the one change from the win over Newcastle. Seamus Coleman made his return to the senior side after a long-term knee injury against the Magpies but was forced off, and he is absent for this one. Garner starts in his place, while Pickford is between the sticks despite picking up a knock late on in the midweek triumph. Onana returns from a calf injury on the bench.
Mauricio Pochettino's team selection is a bold one as he goes with four alterations from the disappointing loss at Old Trafford. Silva, Colwill, Sterling and Jackson all drop to the bench, with Broja set to make just his third Premier League start of the season. James returns to captain the side, while Gallagher and Badiashile also come into the starting XI.
The two teams make their way onto the pitch in front of a vociferous Goodison Park crowd. Can Everton make it three straight victories? We will find out shortly!
The hosts kick us off and we are under way!
SAVE! Pickford is called into action for the first time as Mudryk lays it back to Fernandez on the edge of the box. The midfielder hits it first time, but Pickford gets down well to make the stop before Fernandez fails to find the target with the rebound.
Everton have won four of their last five home Premier League matches against Chelsea, although they did lose 1-0 last season on the opening day under Frank Lampard.
A sweeping Everton move ends with Harrison whipping a cross into the penalty area, but the delivery isn't accurate enough and cannot find Calvert-Lewin in the box.
Badiashile gets up well to meet a corner from the right, but his looping header only lands on the roof of the net. Chelsea have looked threatening so far.
Chelsea are looking to win consecutive away Premier League games against Everton for the first time since beating the Toffees at Goodison Park in 2006-07 (3-2 under Jose Mourinho) and 2007-08 (1-0 under Avram Grant).
Broja drives into the box and looks to have flown past Branthwaite, but the centre-back gets back in the nick of time to make a vital last-ditch tackle and divert behind for a corner.
GREAT STOP! A corner is worked short by Chelsea, and the ball comes out to Palmer. The forward decides to let fly from range, and his powerful shot looks destined for the top corner. However, Pickford leaps to his right to acrobatically parry away. The visitors continue to look the more threatening of the two sides.
Gueye goes in the book for a poor challenge on Fernandez. He went straight through the back of the Argentina international.
London sides have won their last three Premier League away games against Everton – the Toffees haven't lost four in a row at Goodison Park against sides from the capital since April 1993.
Palmer receives a yellow card for simulation after trying to win a penalty by trailing his leg in the box. Branthwaite didn't bite, and though Palmer did get up and try to play on, the referee blows and issues the Chelsea man a card.
Chelsea have conceded 24 goals in their 15 previous Premier League games this season, their joint most at this stage of a season, along with in 2015-16. The 194 shots they have faced is their most after 15 games in a season that Opta has on record (since 2003-04).
Neither side has quite been able to kick into top attacking gear yet, though the visitors have looked the more threatening. Sanchez is yet to make a save between the Chelsea sticks.
WIDE! Everton go close for the first time as Harrison tries the spectacular with a volley. His acrobatic effort momentarily has Sanchez worried, though the ball eventually flies past the right post. Dyche will want more of that from his team.
James is forced off through injury and is replaced by Colwill. The Chelsea captain has had a torrid time of late in terms of his fitness, and both he and Pochettino will be hoping this fresh worry isn't too bad ahead of the busy upcoming schedule.
Caicedo is now struggling in midfield, temporarily dropping to his haunches. However, it looks like he will try and soldier on.
Branthwaite is down near the touchline after a coming-together with Palmer. He is receiving treatment, though it appears he will be okay to continue.
Branthwaite is indeed back to his feet, and while the youngster doesn't look entirely comfortable, he will play on. That will be a huge relief for the home fans.
We have had just three shots in this game and one on target. It has been far from a thriller at Goodison Park, and both coaches will be demanding more from their teams.
Mudryk injects a bit of much-needed pace into a Chelsea attack by flying down the left and getting past his man. He fires a cross into the middle, but Broja's shot at the near post flies well wide of the target.
Badiashile and Cucurella both breathe a big sigh of relief as they fail to deal with a long punt upfield. McNeil races onto it, but the ball gets caught under his feet before the flag eventually goes up for offside.
Dyche is forced into another first-half change as Young limps off for Patterson. This has been a frustrating outing for the hosts so far.
A corner is cleared, but only to Gallagher. The midfielder whips a cross back into the Everton box, but though Badiashile wins the first header, none of his team-mates are there to meet the bouncing ball and the hosts clear.
There will be four minutes of additional time at the end of this first half,
Everton's attempts to find a goal before the interval see them win a couple of corners in quick succession, though Chelsea are able to deal with them relatively easily.
Cucurella goes down clutching his face after clashing with Tarkowski ahead of another Everton corner, though the referee sees no wrongdoing and issues no punishment.
HALF-TIME: EVERTON 0-0 CHELSEA
The half-time whistle blows as both teams head back to the changing rooms with the scoreline goalless. It has not been a thriller at Goodison Park, though Chelsea have probably just about shaded it, Fernandez forcing a decent save out of Pickford early on before the visitors dominated possession for large spells of the half. Harrison flashed a volley wide for the hosts, who did seem to be improving in the latter stages of the opening 45 minutes.
The first half had just one shot on target, and the teams combined for just 0.34 xG (expected goals). Both Dyche and Pochettino will think this game is there for the taking if their sides can just find their feet in attack.
Onana makes his return from injury as he comes on for Gueye at half-time.
The visitors get the ball rolling again for the second half.
Everton have now stopped the opposition from scoring a first-half goal in 10 of their 16 games. Only Aston Villa (11) and Crystal Palace (11) have done this more often in the Premier League this season.
Palmer lays the ball off to Fernandez outside the box, but the midfielder's effort is tame and lacks the power or direction to really trouble Pickford.
CLOSE! Everton's first shot on target of the game comes from McNeil, who turns on the edge of the box before lashing goalwards. His powerful drive is heading for the bottom corner, but Sanchez leaps down to his right to parry wide.
Sanchez goes down temporarily and looks in some discomfort, though he eventually gets back to his feet. Dyche will be wanting his players to test the Chelsea goalkeeper as soon as possible to take advantage of any problems Sanchez may be having.
GOOOAAALLL!!!!!! DOUCOURE FIRES EVERTON IN FRONT!!! The Toffees catch Chelsea on the counter, and McNeil slides a delightful pass into the path of Calvert-Lewin. Sanchez races out to close the angle and make the save from Calvert-Lewin's initial effort, but the ball only finds its way to the incoming Doucoure, who rifles into the back of the net. 1-0 to the hosts at Goodison Park!
Everton are unbeaten when scoring the opening goal in the Premier League this season, winning six and drawing two of those games.
Branthwaite goes in the book for catching Broja not far outside the Everton box. Perhaps more worryingly, Chelsea will have a free-kick in a great shooting position.
While Palmer's free-kick is low and powerful, it's also straight at Pickford, who makes a routine save. It has just not quite been Palmer's game yet.
Since Dyche's first game as Everton manager in February, Doucoure has more non-penalty goals in the Premier League than any other midfielder (11).
Twenty-five minutes left at Goodison Park, and Everton have their sights firmly set on a fourth win in five Premier League matches. Chelsea, meanwhile, are staring down the barrel of another defeat.
In an attacking change, Pochettino brings on Sterling for Fernandez. Sterling, a former Liverpool player, receives a hostile welcome from the home crowd.
Jackson comes on for Broja, who failed to find the target with his only shot during his time on the pitch and struggled to make an impact.
Dyche freshens up his attack, replacing Calvert-Lewin with Beto. The former Udinese striker netted off the bench against Newcastle and will be looking to make a similar impact here.
Sterling looks to make an immediate impact by getting down the right, but Mykolenko does superbly to win a goal-kick for his side. The home fans loved that.
Everton manager Sean Dyche has lost his last five home Premier League games against Chelsea, all as Burnley boss. He could be set to end that poor run here, though.
Mudryk goes in the book for kicking the ball away in frustration after being penalised.
With Chelsea having to throw more bodies forward in their pursuit of an equaliser, there could be opportunities for the likes of Beto and McNeil to get in behind the visitors' defence and catch them on the counter.
Cucurella tries his luck from just outside the box, but his low effort is straight down the throat of Pickford. Chelsea have desperately lacked that cutting edge in the final third in this game.
Everton hearts are temporarily in mouths as Sterling charges into the box before the ball bounces dangerously around the hosts' box, though Dyche's men are just about able to scramble clear.
Everton may have a lot of defending between now and full-time as they try for another important victory. Dyche would love a second goal to calm any nerves.
Pochettino is forced into another change. This time it's between the sticks as Sanchez limps off for Petrovic.
Maatsen also comes on for Cucurella. Can the young substitute make an impact over these final six or so minutes?
Dyche looks to his bench again, bringing on Dobbin for Harrison.
Chelsea are dominating the ball now, with Everton daring the visitors to try and break them down. That has rarely looked like happening in this game, though there is still time for Pochettino's men.
There will be seven minutes of additional time for Chelsea to try and find an equaliser. The home fans certainly didn't want to see that number!
GOOOAAALLL!!!!!! DOBBIN MAKES IT 2-0!!!! Instead of taking a corner short and trying to keep it there, Garner decides to whip it into the box. It proves to be a great decision as the substitute goalkeeper Petrovic fails to punch clear the delivery, sending it straight into the path of Dobbin. The youngster sets himself before firing into the back of the net to spark wild celebrations and surely make the points safe for Everton!
That was Dobbin's first ever senior goal for Everton and will be a moment to cherish should the Toffees go on and win this game.
Everton are just moments away now from sealing another valuable three points. Chelsea, on the other hand, have again been below par.
FULL-TIME: EVERTON 2-0 CHELSEA
The full-time whistle sparks more jubilant Goodison Park celebrations as Everton clinch a 2-0 victory against a disappointing Chelsea side. The first half was a low-key affair, but Doucoure's 54th-minute goal gave Everton life and something to defend. They had to do a lot of that, though they rarely looked seriously troubled by the visitors' tame attack, and the points were made safe in added time as 20-year-old substitute Dobbin lashed home for his first senior goal for the club to put the game to bed. The win extends Everton's gap to the bottom three to four points, and they will look to continue their great form when they travel to struggling Burnley next Saturday. For Chelsea, another poor performance and results elsewhere mean they drop to 12th, and they will hope to put in a better display when they host relegation-threatened Sheffield United next weekend. That is all we have from Goodison Park, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Fulham and West Ham at Craven Cottage!
Wednesday's 5-0 thumping of Nottingham Forest was Fulham's biggest top-flight win for over a decade, and Marco Silva's side have racked up 11 goals from their last three fixtures - having put three past Liverpool and Wolves. As a result, they have pulled nine points clear of the relegation zone. Victory today would see the capital-city club prevail in three straight Premier League home games for the first time since 2012; however, the Cottagers have recently gone 11 London derbies without a win.
West Ham recovered from one goal down to inflict a 2-1 defeat on Tottenham in midweek, taking their tally to five wins from six in all competitions. While such form has seen the Hammers cement their place in the top half of the table, they are still waiting for a first Premier League clean sheet of the season away from home. Nonetheless, they have found the net on each of their last nine top-flight road trips and have compiled five wins from their last six meetings with today's hosts.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Tosin Adarabioyo, Calvin Bassey, Antonee Robinson; Joao Palhinha, Tom Cairney; Alex Iwobi, Andreas Pereira, Willian; Raul Jimenez.
SUBS: Marek Rodak, Sasa Lukic, Fode Ballo-Toure, Rodrigo Muniz, Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Carlos Vinicius, Harrison Reed, Kennt Tete, Harry Wilson.
WEST HAM (4-3-3): Lukasz Fabianski; Vladimir Coufal, Kurt Zouma, Nayef Aguerd, Aaron Cresswell; Tomas Soucek, James Ward-Prowse, Pablo Fornals; Jarrod Bowen, Mohammed Kudus, Lucas Paqueta.
SUBS: Joseph Anang, Angelo Ogbonna, Divin Mubama, Danny Ings, Emerson Palmieri, Maxwel Cornet, Said Benrahma, Thilo Kehrer, Konstantinos Mavropanos.
Fulham are unchanged from their five-star performance in midweek, which featured braces from both Raul Jimenez and Alex Iwobi. While Issa Diop's foot injury rules him out of meeting his former club today, and Adama Traore is still sidelined, Rodrigo Muniz is back on the bench following a knee problem.
Making two changes to the team that started against Spurs, David Moyes brings Aaron Cresswell and Pablo Fornals into West Ham's starting XI, replacing Emerson Palmieri and Edson Alvarez. First-choice goalkeeper Alphonse Areola is still unavailable due to a wrist injury, so Lukasz Fabianski - who made his first league start of the season on Thursday - continues to deputise.
The players emerge from the tunnel at Craven Cottage, and kick-off in this London derby is now just moments away!
Fulham kick off, and we are under way in the capital!
Fulham's most recent victory in this fixture came on New Year's Day 2014, while West Ham have won 16 Premier League matches against the Cottagers - having only beaten Southampton (20) and Tottenham Hotspur more often in the top flight. How will today's game pan out, though?
Without too much trouble, Leno comes out to claim a cross from the right by Kudus, as West Ham move forward for the first time, following Fulham's early spell of possession.
SAVE! Kudus wins a free-kick around 30 yards out in a central area, but it seems just a little too far for Ward-Prowse to test Fulham's goalkeeper from. Nonetheless, the West Ham set-piece specialist steps up and hammers a powerful strike on target, forcing Leno to leap up and palm it away!
With some fleet footwork, Paqueta and Fornals combine on the left, opening up some space, but Bowen then has the ball stolen from him by Bassey just outside Fulham's area.
A crossfield ball by Paqueta picks out Coufal near the right byline, but the full-back can't quite bring it under control and Fulham will have a goal-kick. The visitors are on top at the moment.
At the end of a promising attack, Kudus loses the ball on the brink of Fulham's box, but Bowen manages to retrieve the ball immediately and scuds a low shot straight at Leno, who completes a straightforward save.
Full of confidence following his recent exploits, Iwobi strides forward and scuffs a 30-yard effort well wide of the left-hand post. There were better options available, but having registered 10 shots and three goals from his last three home appearances, he optimistically let fly.
Willian plays a lovely one-two with Jimenez on the left, and after receiving a lofted pass towards the byline, the Brazilian winger shoots straight at Fabianski from a tight angle.
Under acute pressure from Zouma, Leno manages to punch the ball clear of his six-yard box, and West Ham ultimately have to settle for a second successive corner, which the goalkeeper also meets with a strong fist.
Controversially, Cresswell is booked for stopping Marco Silva collecting the ball near the touchline and dishing it out to a nearby Fulham player. He protests, but that's a yellow card according to the referee.
Pereira's cute backheel cuts open West Ham's defence on the right, earning Fulham a corner, which the same player delivers himself. However, it ultimately comes to nothing after Palhinha fires well wide.
FULHAM IN FRONT! Guided home from just inside the area, a trademark header from Jimenez rockets into the back of the net, after a superb delivery from the left by Palhinha picks out the hosts' Mexican striker! He finds the net in consecutive league appearances for the first time since October 2020, and Fulham lead 1-0 midway through the first half!
Sending over an unstoppable cross from out wide, Palhinha picks out the run of Jimenez, who converts for Fulham's opening goal of the game.
Fulham have avoided defeat in their last six matches when scoring the opener in the Premier League, with that run dating back to 28th May against Manchester United. That bodes well for Silva's side after Jimenez has put them on their way today.
Fabianski collects a cross by Iwobi, as Fulham fly forward in search of a second goal. You can almost sense the confidence coursing through their veins, having seemingly scored at will of late.
Surrounded by three West Ham defenders just outside the box, Jimenez topples to the turf and yells out in apparent agony. However, the referee is disinterested and play goes on. The striker belatedly returns to his feet.
A casual pass out from the back by Bassey presents the ball to Paqueta, around 25 yards out in a central position, but the West Ham playmaker slices his shot far over Leno's crossbar.
WILLIAN MAKES IT TWO! After Iwobi has a low shot saved by Fabianski, the alert Pereira pounces on the loose ball near the right byline. His cutback is missed by Iwobi, but Willian meets it with a cool first-time finish into the bottom-right corner: 2-0!
After Pereira's low cross takes a nick off the stumbling Iwobi on its path towards goalscorer Willian, the Nigeria international is credited with an assist.
That goal sees Willian join Jimenez on four goals as Fulham's top scorer in the Premier League this season, and the in-form Cottagers simply cannot be stopped at the moment. The home crowd have been treated to seven goals in less than two games.
From the left side of the area, Cairney flashes a dangerous cross along West Ham's six-yard box. No-one reaches it, but West Ham continue to struggle defensively, having failed to get a foothold in midfield.
Fulham have had two-thirds of possession so far, and after a fairly subdued start they are dictating things now. Can they capitalise by finding a third goal before half-time?
Swiveling on the spot, Coufal lofts the ball into Fulham's box from the right byline, but Bowen can't make clean contact and sends a tame close-range shot straight at Leno.
FULHAM LEAD BY THREE! The hosts are running riot! After Iwobi's volley is blocked behind for a corner-kick, Pereira curls over a cross towards the penalty spot, where Adarabioyo meets it with a towering header - and he picks out the top-left corner! West Ham find themselves 3-0 down before the break!
An excellent delivery from a corner on the right sees Pereira pick up an assist for Fulham's third goal - that's his fourth of the season.
West Ham have been stung into a response, as they finally put some pressure on Fulham's defensive third. It comes to nothing, though, as Paqueta demonstrates his frustration.
Fabianski has to stick out a boot to block the irrepressible Iwobi from picking out a team-mate in the box, after the Fulham midfielder bursts through into West Ham's area again.
An ugly challenge from behind on Fornals earns Palhinha a needless yellow card when deep in West Ham territory.
That's Palhinha's eighth booking already this season - and his 20th in a Fulham shirt - and he will have to tread carefully for the remainder of this match. Only if the home side went down to 10 men would West Ham have much hope of getting back into the game.
After a pause in play for Willian to receive treatment, the action resumes as the winger returns, with West Ham trying to exert some pressure on Fulham's back line.
HALF-TIME: FULHAM 3-0 WEST HAM
A dominant first-half display by free-scoring Fulham has put the home side three goals up at the interval, having taken full advantage of an abject West Ham performance. Iwobi and Pereira have pulled the strings, as strikes from Jimenez, Willian and Adarabioyo helped the Cottagers capitalise on a substantial share of possession - much of it inside the Hammers' half. Moyes must be seething, but Silva can be satisfied: Fulham have now scored eight times without reply in one-and-a-half matches.
Paqueta has had more touches than any other West Ham player so far, but many of them have been inside his own half, when tracking back on the right. Would a change of position benefit the Irons' most influential player? Certainly, Moyes must mull over some changes - if only to help keep Fulham from scoring more after the break.
West Ham have understandably made two half-time changes: first, Fornals is replaced by Emerson.
Mavropanos is also introduced, perhaps signalling a shift towards a back three, with Cresswell making way.
After picking up a knock towards the end of the first half, Willian has not re-emerged from the tunnel; Wilson replaces him.
West Ham kick off, and we are back under way at Craven Cottage!
Out on the right touchline, Paqueta catches Iwobi with an ill-timed challenge, but the referee decides not to produce a yellow card and just awards Fulham a free-kick.
Robinson's cross from the left flank is zipped along the six-yard box, but Fabianski meets it first, with a firm punch clearing the ball from danger.
West Ham still can't find any attacking rhythm, despite spending a little more time inside Fulham's half since the interval. Surely they need to pull one back soon if they're to mount a late comeback?
The hosts are back on the ball, now, calmly stroking it about in midfield and causing West Ham to chase shadows. The Hammers look disjointed, and it's hard to see how they can turn things around from here.
SAVE! A delicious first touch by Wilson sees the Wales winger past static West Ham skipper Zouma. That creates space to strike from the right side of the area, but his low shot is saved by Fabianski at the near post!
Fulham are almost toying with West Ham now, and the home fans are revelling in their team's supremacy. It has been quite a start to December for the Cottagers, who look destined for three more points today.
FOUR FOR FULHAM! Half-time substitute Wilson has clearly picked up the pace of this game! Soon after seeing a near-post shot saved, he finds the top-left corner from just outside the area! The Welsh winger receives a pass from Cairney, then takes one touch before beating Fabianski with a stunner: 4-0 to Fulham!
Cairney plays the ball out to the right side of West Ham's area, setting up Wilson for Fulham's fourth goal.
Reflecting Fulham's upturn of late, both Cairney and Wilson have now directly contributed to goals in each of their last three Premier League outings. Silva's side are simply scoring from all angles!
Moyes has seen enough, making a triple substitution: first, Kudus is replaced by Mubama.
Ogbonna comes in for West Ham captain Zouma at the back.
Finally, Paqueta finds himself replaced by Benrahma.
Just inside the box, Mavropanos flicks the ball on from Coufal's long throw-in, but Bowen's first-time shot finds Leno in the centre of Fulham's goal. At least West Ham are exerting some pressure now.
Having conceded successive corners, Fulham are firmly on the back foot now. After more than an hour of inaction up front, West Ham are finally committing men forward in numbers.
Following another West Ham corner, Benrahma sends a wayward shot from outside the box high over the top of the crossbar and into the stand.
With the points all but secured, Silva is readying some substitutes near the touchline. The Fulham boss can afford to make some more changes, following another stellar showing from his starting XI.
Opening goalscorer Jimenez departs to warm applause from the Craven Cottage faithful, as Vinicius jogs on to replace him up front.
The hosts also make a straight swap at left-back: Robinson is replaced by Ballo-Toure.
Having careered into the back of Bowen in central midfield, Ballo-Toure is punished for his over-eager challenge, receiving a booking.
Bowen almost wriggles his way through a pack of Fulham defenders, but then loses the ball on the brink of the box. He's tried his best, but the West Ham winger is yet to make a major impact on this game, with only two mishit shots to show for his efforts.
Another goalscorer is withdrawn now, as De Cordova-Reid is offered a brief cameo.
On a booking, Palhinha is withdrawn too; Reed replaces the Portugal international in central midfield.
Moyes had been unbeaten in 13 Premier League meetings with Fulham - including nine wins during that spell - as boss of Everton, Manchester United and West Ham. That streak ends today, and more questions will be asked about the progress of his Hammers squad.
Fulham are keeping possession inside their own half, killing time until the final whistle. However, Benrahma's interception then sees Emerson pick up the ball on the left flank, before delivering a cutback for Mubama, who volleys straight into the first defender.
Despite belatedly coming out of their shell, West Ham still can't mount any sustained pressure on Fulham's area, and it seems like the hosts could be heading for successive clean sheets.
FIVE-STAR FULHAM! It's another quintet for the Cottagers! Wilson strides clear from Reed's throughball, then delays before releasing Vinicius in the area, and the latter slots home past an exposed Fabianski. That puts the seal on an awful day for West Ham - but the home fans don't mind! It's Fulham 5-0 West Ham!!
Adding an assist to his earlier goal, Wilson sets up Vinicius with a cutback in the box.
There will be at least five additional minutes at Craven Cottage, but West Ham will be desperate for the final whistle to blow now - it's turning into a humiliation for the unhappy Hammers.
Only a late interception by Aguerd denies Fulham an almost certain sixth goal at one end, before Bowen links up with Coufal at the other. However, the West Ham winger can't sort his feet out and turns the ball wide of the near post.
Ending this game in the same manner they've played almost throughout, Fulham stroke the ball about in midfield, with West Ham well beaten.
FULL-TIME: FULHAM 5-0 WEST HAM
Tearing apart their capital-city rivals, Fulham put woeful West Ham to the sword with a second straight 5-0 win at Craven Cottage. Five different scorers showed the hosts' versatility in attack, and they took full advantage against timid opponents. After racking up 10 goals without reply across two home games, Marco Silva's side edge their way further up the Premier League table, to within three points of the hapless Hammers. Full of confidence, Fulham will visit Newcastle United next week, while West Ham host Freiburg in an important Europa League clash before welcoming Wolves to London next Sunday. That's all for today's live coverage, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
nan
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Sheffield United and Brentford at Bramall Lane!
Chris Wilder's Bramall Lane homecoming was spoiled by Liverpool in a 2-0 loss to the Reds on Wednesday, as Sheffield United suffered their third straight loss in the Premier League. The Blades remain rooted to the foot of the table with just five points to their name but still sit only five adrift of 17th-placed Everton. They are at least unbeaten in their last five league games against today's visitors, all of which took place in the Championship.
Brentford slipped to a 2-1 loss in Brighton last time out, marking their third defeat from four league matches - as many as in the previous 14. Wednesday's reverse left the Bees 11th in the Premier League standings, just behind West London rivals Chelsea. Following five games without a clean sheet, Brentford now play just their third top-flight fixture against Sheffield United - the previous two took place on consecutive days in 1946: a 6-1 Blades win on Christmas Day and a 2-1 Bees victory on December 26.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-4-2-1): Wes Foderingham; Anel Ahmedhodzic, Jack Robinson, Auston Trusty; Jayden Bogle, Vinicius, Gustavo Hamer, Andre Brooks; James McAtee, Cameron Archer; William Osula.
SUBS: Adam Davies, Max Lowe, Benie Traore, Femi Seriki, Luke Thomas, Anis Ben Slimane, Sydie Peck, Yasser Larouci, Ryan One.
BRENTFORD (4-3-3): Mark Flekken; Samman Ghoddos, Ben Mee, Ethan Pinnock, Vitaly Janelt; Frank Onyeka, Christian Norgaard, Shandon Baptiste; Yoane Wissa, Neal Maupay, Keane Lewis-Potter.
SUBS: Thomas Strakosha, Val Adedokun, Myles Peart-Harris, Charlie Goode, Yehor Yarmoliuk, Mads Roerslev, Mathias Jorgensen, Michael Olakigbe, Mikkel Damsgaard.
Wilder names an unchanged Sheffield United XI today, despite losing to Liverpool in midweek. Osula retains his place up front, as Blades striker Oli McBurnie serves the second of a two-game suspension following his red card against Burnley; Oliver Norwood has accumulated five bookings so is also sidelined.
Bryan Mbeumo's seventh goal of the season on Wednesday preceded an ankle injury that could keep the Brentford striker sidelined until next year, further adding to the Bees' long list of absentees - Rico Henry, Kevin Schade, Aaron Hickey, Kristoffer Ajer, Nathan Collins, Mathias Jensen and Josh Dasilva all miss out, alongside the suspended Ivan Toney. Thomas Frank makes three changes in all: Mbeumo's misfortune opens the door for Wissa and Lewis-Potter to join forces up front, while captain Norgaard returns from suspension.
Both teams are out on the pitch at Bramall Lane, and kick-off in this Premier League contest is now just moments away!
Brentford kick off, and we are under way in Sheffield!
After Trusty's cross from the left flank is blocked behind for a corner, Hamer swings over a curling cross towards the back post. However, it's overhit in the swirling wind and ultimately skips straight out of play on the right byline.
Sheffield United have been snapping into their tackles early on, trying to impose themselves on an apparently 'winnable' game - at least on paper. With one league victory all season, they are overdue some success at Bramall Lane.
Having dropped deep, Archer is brought down in midfield and earns his side a free-kick. Hamer then clips the ball over Brentford's high defensive line and into the area, but Ahmedhodzic is unable to reach it.
Brentford seem to be deliberately slowing the game down now, taking care of possession inside their own half and drawing the sting both from their opponents and a lively Bramall Lane crowd.
Out on the right, Lewis-Potter slips past a wrong-footed Trusty and hits the byline, but his tame cutback into the box is easily cleared away. Neither side has created a clear opening as yet, amid heavy rain in the Steel City.
Onyeka is felled in full flight by Hamer, earning Brentford a free-kick just outside Sheffield United's area, on the left. Ghoddos delivers the ball in towards the penalty spot, but the hosts quickly get it away to safety.
Foderingham calls out to his defence, then strides forward to claim Onyeka's wayward cross into the area. The Blades goalkeeper has conceded one goal every 33 minutes so far this season and is yet to keep a clean sheet in 15 Premier League appearances.
Trusty's name is taken by the referee, after a late sliding challenge upends Lewis-Potter near the left touchline.
Hamer steals the ball from Onyeka, and the home side build pressure on the right flank, before a misplaced pass sees their attack thwarted. There's been precious little goalmouth action in this game so far.
Despite being the away side, Brentford have had a 64 per cent share of possession thus far, and they have looked comfortable on the ball. By contrast, United are closing down well, but have been chasing shadows at times.
Onyeka is fortunate to evade a booking, after deliberately blocking off a marauding run infield by Brooks. There was clear intent, but it was well disguised.
Brooks and Archer combine on the left, but the former's cross into the box is easily cleared by Pinnock. Osula has barely had a sniff of the ball to this point, being left quite isolated up front.
With a precise throughball, Maupay switches the ball to Janelt on the left side of United's area, but McAtee steals in to make a vital block near the byline and concedes a corner-kick.
The home side are struggling to work the ball out of their own half at the moment, as Brentford squeeze them more intently now. Frank watches on from the sideline with typical intensity.
Leaving his opponent writhing in agony on the soaking wet turf, Onyeka is shown a yellow card for a studs-up challenge on Vinicius.
RED CARD!? While Vinicius receives treatment on the pitch, the VAR is conducting a review on Onyeka's ill-timed tackle! Could his punishment be upgraded from yellow to red?
Onyeka is given the benefit of the doubt, as the referee's original decision is confirmed by the VAR - it was a yellow card offence only. The Bees midfielder can breathe a sigh of relief! Vinicius is back on his feet now, as the game gets back under way.
Sheffield United continue to pose almost zero attacking threat, as Brentford resume their dominance of the ball following the recent VAR delay. Can the visitors now start creating some chances?
Foderingham completes a straightforward save low down in the centre of his goal, after Onyeka's scuffed shot is sent straight at the United goalkeeper.
CLOSE! Osula shoots just wide! The Blades' first real opening sees Hamer slide a ball through for his team-mate on the right side of the Bees' box, but Osula can only find the side-netting from 15 yards out!
Under no pressure, Pinnock shepherds out a rather aimless ball forward from the back by Robinson, who saw no movement ahead of him and simply punted it long.
Asked to shoot by the home fans, Hamer obeys and lets fly with a hurried effort from outside the area, sending his low shot well wide of the target. At least Sheffield United are regularly reaching the final third now.
McAtee handles the ball with his team in a promising position just outside Brentford's box, relieving the pressure on Frank's men, who have been pushed back for the last few minutes of this first half.
JUST WIDE! After Mee flips a ball over the top and Janelt cuts it back into the box, Maupay's shot is deflected narrowly wide of the left-hand post! It seemed he was actually offside, but the Bees still have a corner.
THE BLADES STRIKE FIRST! Pinnock makes a hash of clearing the ball from the edge of Brentford's area, and Sheffield United take full advantage. Hamer coolly picks out McAtee on the right side of the box, before the Manchester City loanee curls a brilliant finish into the top-left corner! Flekken had no chance: 1-0 to Sheffield United!
Continuing to confirm his status as United's chief creator, Hamer finds opening goalscorer McAtee with a low throughball into the area.
HALF-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 1-0 BRENTFORD
Brightening up a turgid game played in miserable conditions, McAtee's superb strike separates the sides at half-time, putting Sheffield United one goal up with their first shot on target. Only in stoppage time did a moment of true quality arrive, and despite Brentford's dominance of the ball they trail at the break. In 11 away games played against the Premier League's bottom eight since the start of the 2022-23 season, the Bees have won just twice - they've now got a mountain to climb if they are to enhance that record today.
McAtee's goal aside, the other main talking point from the first half was Onyeka escaping a VAR check for a crude foul on Vinicius, which saw the Brentford midfielder avoid having a yellow card upgraded to red. He seemed to catch his opponent with force, and certainly with upraised studs, so it could have been even worse for the Bees.
Having narrowly escaped a red card before the break, Onyeka has been withdrawn. Young prospect Yarmoliuk is sent on to replace him in Brentford's midfield.
Sheffield United kick off, and we are back under way at Bramall Lane!
Arriving into the Brentford box, Ahmedhodzic prods the ball well wide from Hamer's delivery; then Lewis-Potter sends a dangerous cross into the area from the right, as both teams start brightly following a subdued first half.
Another Lewis-Potter cross is headed away from near the penalty spot, but Brentford build again, and Yarmoliuk shoots straight at Foderingham from a tight angle on the right.
Now booked for a raised boot on Pinnock in midfield, Osula's miserable game continues - he's barely touched the ball so far.
Pinnock has been receiving treatment after being caught by Osula's upraised boot, but the Brentford defender is ultimately cleared to continue and jogs back on from the touchline.
It's been a frustrating day for Osula, who has had very little service and is now replaced by Ben Slimane up front, shortly after being yellow-carded.
SAVE! The Bees survive a scare! Flekken drops down to keep out a first-time effort by Sheffield United substitute Ben Slimane, who meets Archer's low cross into the box! He really should have scored from close range!
After cutting in from the left, Ben Slimane drives a low shot towards the target, but Flekken denies him again. In the space of a few minutes, the Blades' sub has made more impact than Osula, who started the game.
Chris Wilder has never lost in four previous league meetings with Brentford, winning on three occasions, and he is now within half an hour of continuing that streak. His side have steadily improved following a shaky first 40 minutes, and they look likeliest to score next.
McAtee is becoming increasingly influential now, and his latest intervention earns Sheffield United a throw-in deep in Brentford territory. The Bees are struggling to get a foothold in the game, having had the lion's share of possession during the first half.
TERRIFIC TACKLE! Mee makes a crucial late lunge to stop Ben Slimane sliding in and surely putting United two goals ahead from less than 10 yards out! It was a perfectly timed tackle, which keeps the Bees' deficit down to one.
Olakigbe also comes on, with Lewis-Potter making way.
Frank is clearly dissatisfied with his team's performance, making two more changes. First, Baptiste is replaced by Damsgaard.
The double substitution seems to have livened Brentford up a little, and after a brief spell of pinball in the Blades' box, Wissa plants a tame header straight at Foderingham.
After good work by Archer on the left, Ben Slimane wins a corner. However, Flekken claims the ball inside his six-yard box following the subsequent set-piece delivery by Hamer.
Brentford have attempted 17 crosses in this match, already higher than their season average of 16.6 in the Premier League, but with no-one regularly attacking the ball centrally, it's all come to nothing. They've had only three shots on target so far.
Brooks is now withdrawn by Wilder, with Lowe sent on to provide fresh legs in the Sheffield United defence.
McAtee momentarily drops down to the turf, causing some concern among the home fans. However, he seems to have shaken off whatever was ailing him - perhaps a touch of cramp - and then returns to the fray.
Alert to the danger, Foderingham is quickly off his line to smother a superb throughball from the halfway line by Damsgaard, just as Wissa was about to take it in his stride.
SAVE! Successive long throws from either side of the pitch put Sheffield United under intense pressure, and when the ball drops to Wissa just inside the area, he swivels and strikes a sweet shot straight at Foderingham, who hangs on tightly!
SHARP STOP! Flekken stands firm, after Archer shrugs off Mee, beats Janelt and then drives a firm shot straight at the on-rushing Brentford goalkeeper! That could've sealed it for the Blades!
Potentially today's match-winner, McAtee makes his way off, as young Peck is handed an opportunity to impress.
MISS! Sheffield United spurn another golden chance, as they breach Brentford's exposed defence and Ben Slimane selfishly shoots toward the near post, only finding the side-netting from close range!
Perceived to be time-wasting by the referee, Bogle finds himself booked - much to the vocal disgust of the home fans!
Flekken is left rooted to the spot, as Robinson feeds Archer in the final third, before the latter flashes an early strike wide of the right-hand post by a fair margin.
Olakigbe earns a corner by drawing Lowe into a tackle near the right byline. Following the set-piece, Mee sees his shot from near the penalty spot blocked by a desperate lunge from Ahmedhodzic.
It's all Brentford now, as the Bees flood forward in search of a late leveller at Bramall Lane. Can they produce a dramatic equaliser, or will McAtee's wonder-strike prove the decider?
Picking up his fifth yellow card of the season - which will result in a suspension - Robinson clearly hauls back Norgaard in midfield.
Due to a blatant case of time-wasting, during the second minute of at least four added for stoppages, Foderingham is booked.
Vinicius fouls Wissa midway through Sheffield United's half, giving Brentford one last chance to deliver the ball into the box. Ghoddos hangs it up, but some gritty defending helps the Blades keep the ball clear of serious danger.
A Brentford claim for handball by Trusty in his own area is turned down by the officials, and there will be no late reprieve for the beaten Bees.
FULL-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 1-0 BRENTFORD
With just a second league win of the season - and their first clean sheet - Sheffield United see off Brentford's challenge to take three precious points in the battle against relegation. McAtee's scintillating strike just ahead of half-time ultimately decided the contest, which was dominated by the Bees before the break and then bossed by the Blades thereafter. Chris Wilder is off the mark in his second spell as United boss, while Frank is left to reflect on what went wrong after his side went behind. Sheffield United now face tough trips to Stamford Bridge and then Villa Park, while Brentford aim to arrest their recent slump when they host Aston Villa next Sunday. That's all from Bramall Lane today, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to this live text commentary of the Premier League match between Tottenham and Newcastle United!
Both teams come into this game dealing with awful injury crises, which have contributed to testing runs in recent weeks. That is especially true of Spurs, who are winless in five – this, remarkably, despite scoring first in each of those matches.
Newcastle have dealt a little better with their selection issues, even with a packed schedule, but a late 3-0 defeat at Everton on Thursday bore resemblance to a previous loss at Bournemouth last month when fatigue looked to have got the better of Eddie Howe's men.
With injuries at the forefront of both coaches' minds, let's get the team news...
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Ben Davies, Destiny Udogie; Yves Bissouma, Pape Sarr; Dejan Kulusevski, Brennan Johnson, Richarlison; Son Heung-min.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Fraser Forster, Oliver Skipp, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Bryan Gil, Emerson Royal, Giovani Lo Celso, Alejo Veliz, Jamie Donley, Alfie Dorrington.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Martin Dubravka; Kieran Trippier, Jamaal Lascelles, Fabian Schar, Valentino Livramento; Lewis Miley, Bruno Guimaraes, Joelinton; Miguel Almiron, Alexander Isak, Anthony Gordon.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Loris Karius, Mark Gillespie, Paul Dummett, Callum Wilson, Matt Ritchie, Emil Krafth, Lewis Hall, Sean Longstaff, Alex Murphy.
There is good news for Spurs as captain Son is fit to start despite sustaining a knock against West Ham. He is joined in the line-up by Sarr and Richarlison, making their first starts since returning from their respective injuries. Hojbjerg and Lo Celso make way.
Newcastle's injury woes also show some signs of easing, even if they name an unchanged XI, keeping the same 10 outfielders for a fifth straight match in all competitions. Lascelles has recovered from a dead leg to lead the team, while Wilson and Longstaff are on the bench, where Howe has been so short of options.
Isak kicks off for Newcastle, and the game is under way.
Newcastle begin this game in seventh but will displace fifth-placed Tottenham with a win. Spurs are looking to close the six-point gap to the top four.
Spurs have had no trouble starting fast, and they are straight on the attack. It looks as though Richarlison will line up through the middle, with Son playing from the left. There is certainly flexibility within that front four.
Guimaraes blocks from Richarlison! A smart pass from Son finds Udogie, whose flick in turn tees up Richarlison on the edge of the box. Brazil team-mate Guimaraes intervenes, though, and Richarlison cannot bundle through the Newcastle defence when the ball comes back to him.
Richarlison denied again! Son is making a really bright start on the left and his flick sends Kulusevski away to feed Richarlison. The angle is narrowing, however, and Schar deflects the shot over.
There is a scramble in the box from Tottenham's corner, but no home player can get hold of the ball in order to take a shot. They are still well on top.
So close! A first Newcastle attack almost brings a first Newcastle goal. Gordon and Joelinton link up on the left, with the latter teeing up Guimaraes from 20 yards. He is able to run onto the ball but slices his shot, sending it just past the top-right corner.
History suggests we should expect goals from this one. Of fixtures to be played 50 or more times in the Premier League, matches between Newcastle and Tottenham average the most goals at 3.16 per game. Their past seven meetings have averaged 4.43 goals!
WHAT A CHANCE! Isak has to score! Newcastle get in behind for the first time with Gordon, set away by Joelinton. He charges forward and crosses towards Isak, but Davies gets the slightest touch, meaning Isak's finish from in front of a gaping goal skips away off the outside of his boot. Agonising.
Both teams are finding joy down their respective left flanks. Son and Gordon look the two danger men at this early stage.
Schar has a problem. He takes his time looking for a pass just inside the Newcastle box and takes a whack from Kulusevski when he belatedly hacks the ball into touch. Schar stays down, indicating a knock to his back.
After a short stoppage, Schar is back up on his feet without requiring treatment. Newcastle can scarcely afford another injury.
Brilliant work from Almiron. Tottenham counter from a Newcastle free-kick, and Son has the opportunity to run at Schar, who still is not moving comfortably. Almiron races back to tackle the Spurs captain, and Son frustratedly catches him with an arm as he seeks to regain possession by the corner flag.
Johnson smartly gets away from Livramento, only for his cross to be nodded away by Trippier. Spurs attack again on the right, and Livramento is this time only close enough to deflect Porro's cross behind.
OFF THE LINE! Almiron intervenes to deny Romero another goal. The Spurs centre-back scored against West Ham from a set-piece and is up highest again, nodding towards the bottom-right corner, yet Almiron is on hand to clear.
Newcastle have carried a threat on the break and should really be ahead, but the vast majority of the game is being played within 40 yards of Dubravka's goal. A teasing Son cross just evades Richarlison.
Even when Newcastle enjoy some possession, "enjoy" is perhaps the wrong word. They are struggling to get out, with Trippier visibly frustrated by the lack of options in midfield.
The pace of the two attacks is making this a great watch. Despite Newcastle's difficulties on the ball, neither team want to sit back and defend, so there is plenty of space for the likes of Johnson and Gordon to run into.
Joelinton is the latest player to go down, remaining grounded as play accelerates from one end to the other. An Udogie pass comes to nothing, then Almiron is tracked down by Bissouma. Joelinton is soon back on his feet.
Romero leaves Almiron in a heap after Miley's lovely reverse pass allows the winger to advance into the Tottenham half. There is no action beyond a free-kick, from which Lascelles cannot control in the box.
GOOAAALLLL!!! Udogie scores and Tottenham strike first again! 1-0! The left-back first takes the ball outside the box in the middle of the pitch but moves it wide to Son and then keeps moving. His run is not tracked, and Udogie is there to convert from Son's low cross, with Dubravka beaten by the speed and accuracy of the delivery.
Son has been a threat from the outset, and he breezes past Trippier and sends in a brilliant cross.
Newcastle seek a response, with Almiron feeding Miley on the right. A low cross bounces straight through the box to Gordon, whose pass allows Joelinton to shoot from the edge of the box. His effort deflects over.
The Newcastle corner following Joelinton's cross comes to nothing as a foul is given against the midfielder, who is close to Vicario.
Wide from Sarr! Tottenham have players lining up in the middle, but Sarr is perhaps not the man they want to take the shot. Johnson delays his cross, and the recipient cannot get enough on his attempt, sending it past the left-hand post.
That speed in the Tottenham attack is such a problem for Newcastle. Every time they look to get players forward, they are vulnerable on the counter. Son tries to take on Lascelles but instead runs the ball out of play.
BIG CHANCE! Almiron shoots too close to Vicario! To their credit, Newcastle keep trying to press and eventually get their reward when Spurs cede possession. Isak moves the ball on to Gordon, who feeds Almiron. The winger is through on goal but shoots early, and it is ultimately a simple save.
Offside flags frustrate the attackers at either end. Another rapid Tottenham move is halted when Richarlison and Son combine in the box, before Almiron is offside at the other end following a more patient move.
GOOAAALLLL!!! There is the vital second goal! Richarlison makes it 2-0 to Tottenham! It is another goal that comes from the left, with Son wriggling past Trippier, who had let the winger in initially with a poor header. Son cuts the ball back to Richarlison, who sweeps past a stationary Dubravka.
The decision to play Son from the left, rather than through the middle, has certainly been rewarded so far. He is giving Trippier a torrid time and collects his second assist.
Trippier was at fault for all three Everton goals in Newcastle's previous match, and he cannot get to grips with Son here, although he is not alone. Newcastle look so untidy at the back.
A whisker wide! Johnson blasts just past the post from 20 yards after Sarr bullies Joelinton off the ball. Dubravka is beaten but so is the post.
Kulusevski shoots straight at Dubravka! Newcastle are really on the ropes now. Schar takes a heavy touch and is robbed of possession, the ball bouncing kindly for Kulusevski in the box, but he does not quite get hold of the shot.
How have Tottenham not scored again?! Joelinton is on the move at one end but underhits his pass to Almiron, allowing Son to race away. There is no catching the Spurs captain, who slips in Kulusevski. A clipped cross takes a deflection but looks certain to find either a Tottenham shirt or the far corner. Richarlison cannot contort his body to make contact, however, and the ball drops wide.
Richarlison gets his head to the corner that follows his chance but aims straight at Dubravka.
There will be three additional minutes at the end of the half.
Trippier's pass towards Miley is cut out by Bissouma but runs behind for a corner. Trippier takes the set-piece, too, but it bounces off Lascelles and exits the box on the far side. Lascelles is at least able to block Son's clearance to slow Spurs.
HALF-TIME: TOTTENHAM 2-0 NEWCASTLE UNITED
The first big chance may have gone Newcastle's way, when Isak could not convert, but it has been one-way traffic since then. Tottenham are 2-0 up after two very similar goals. Twice Son ran at Trippier, twice he made space for a cross, and twice he found a team-mate for a first-time finish. Udogie got the opener, but Spurs have had no trouble netting first. The vital goal will perhaps be the second, which Richarlison grabbed to give Tottenham a commanding half-time lead.
Tottenham will hope they turned a corner in that first half, while Newcastle have a mountain to climb. They have lost 55 of the previous 56 Premier League away games in which they have been two or more goals down at half-time, recovering to take a point only against Liverpool in 2016.
Richarlison gets the game restarted, with no changes for either side.
In an attempt to restore some energy to this Newcastle XI, Howe has made one alteration: swapping Isak and Gordon. It was a move he tried at Everton, too, to limited success.
Newcastle enjoy a rare passage of possession, making Spurs work for once. Eventually, Trippier crosses but is challenged by Udogie, sending the ball behind for a corner.
Trippier's corner is comfortably cleared, but a delivery from Isak threatens to cause a little more trouble. Porro does well to clear.
A key theme of the first half remains. Newcastle lose the ball, and Spurs break. Johnson nods the ball down to Richarlison in the box, but Guimaraes just intervenes.
Gordon is now leading the line for Newcastle, and he gets on the end of a pass from Guimaraes and wins a foul in a dangerous position on the right.
Trippier whips in a free-kick from the right, but Bissouma is up highest to clear. Tottenham cannot easily get out this time, though, and Newcastle keep up the pressure. A deep cross from Trippier eventually finds Gordon, who can only volley over from the tighest of angles.
Newcastle are getting in again and again now. The ball is worked to Trippier once more, but his end product is lacking. Davies cuts out a poor cross.
Guimaraes is really fortunate to prevent a Tottenham counter on two occasions. Trippier's corner is cleared, and when Newcastle seek to build again, Guimaraes slips and almost gives up possession, clattering into a challenge. He bounces back up and dives in again, making the slightest of touches to divert the ball away from a Spurs player.
Back come Spurs. A low cross from the right is cut out, but they build again, the ball eventually reaching Bissouma for a relatively tame shot that bobbles through to Dubravka.
The problem remains the same for Newcastle. They have no option but to attack, and that means Spurs can counter. Schar gives the ball away, and Lascelles has to lunge in to stop a break. Tottenham take their throw-in quickly to get on the attack, only for Kulusevski's pass to go astray.
Newcastle are at least providing a threat, again working the ball to the right, where Miley can cross. The ball is nodded behind for a corner.
Lascelles goes into the book, with one of the most blatant yellow cards you are likely to see. A Newcastle corner leads to a Tottenham counter when Almiron loses possession. Lascelles drags back Son, determined not to let him get away, and is carded.
GOOAAALLLL!!! That should be it! Richarlison again! 3-0! Tottenham have been on the back foot at times at the start of this second half, but one long ball in behind finds Richarlison, who is between Lascelles and Dubravka and slides the ball beyond the stranded goalkeeper.
A searching pass from Porro plays Richarlison in. It is a great ball, even if Richarlison's poor first touch briefly threatens to let Newcastle off the hook.
OFF THE POST! Tottenham almost have a fourth through Johnson! This deserves a goal as Spurs pounce following Trippier's slack pass. Kulusevski races forward and slides Johnson in behind Livramento. Johnson shoots high past Dubravka, only to see the ball bounce back out off the post.
Tottenham are rampant! Moments after Johnson goes so close, a diagonal ball to Son gives him the chance to volley goalwards, missing the far corner from a tricky angle.
Newcastle make a double change with the game surely gone. Howe welcomes back Wilson from injury, replacing Isak.
Almiron is also withdrawn as Longstaff returns to the fold. A rejig sees Joelinton go to the left and Gordon to the right, with Wilson up front and Longstaff in midfield.
Tottenham are playing with so much confidence, although Porro is surely not going for the top corner as his cross causes Dubravka some concern, drifting onto the roof of the net.
Kulusevski is really enjoying himself in a central creative role, working room for a shot this time but finding only Dubravka's gloves from outside the area.
It is Son's turn to shoot, but he drags a low effort and allows Dubravka to save easily. This feels as though it could end up any scoreline now when Newcastle were previously looking to get back into the game.
Joelinton is the second Newcastle player to be booked after thundering into Porro in pursuit of Gordon's deep cross. It initially looks a little harsh, but a replay shows Joelinton clearly shoves his opponent as the ball comes their way.
Newcastle are keeping the ball, but they do not look remotely like threatening the Tottenham goal. This has been another tough outing for Howe's side.
With the result seemingly secure, Spurs are also able to rest key men. Sarr, who was making his first start in a month, bows out for Hojbjerg.
The second Tottenham change also involves a man who returned to the line-up for this game. Lo Celso is on for two-goal star Richarlison.
Another double change for Newcastle sees Livramento replaced by Hall at left-back.
Gordon makes way for Ritchie in what is surely the clearest sign Newcastle are turning their thoughts towards a big game against Milan in the Champions League.
Tottenham are playing with Newcastle! Johnson skips past Hall, who then goes chasing the ball and ends up being easily beaten again. Porro nutmegs Miley and then drives in a low shot that Dubravka spills but is able to recover.
Joelinton takes aim from distance, but a deflection sends it well wide. It is an optimistic attempt at best, just about summing up Newcastle's attacking efforts.
Joelinton has a far better chance from a Newcastle corner, but he heads wide! The midfielder-turned-winger is up highest, yet his header misses the far post by some distance.
Again Joelinton is involved as he wins a free-kick in a promising position, but a brilliant Trippier cross just creeps away from Schar.
Romero is booked for an awful challenge on Wilson, but he could be in trouble as there is a VAR check.
Both teams are perhaps ultimately relieved there is no action from the VAR as Romero lunges in on Wilson, who is already on the ground, and catches his ankle. Guimaraes then sticks his head in on Bissouma, but neither incident warrants a red card, according to the officials.
Newcastle eventually work a crossing opportunity from the free-kick that follows Romero's challenge, but Vicario gathers at the second attempt.
Trippier is the latest man to dive in, and he earns a booking for his challenge on Kulusevski. That card brings with it a suspension for the right-back.
PENALTY! Spurs have the chance for a fourth! Son gets in, Dubravka is slow to advance, and the goalkeeper brings the attacker down as he attempts to go around him. It is brilliant again from Son and poor again from Dubravka.
GOOAAALLLL!!! Son converts! The man felled for the penalty fires low past Dubravka's dive, making it 4-0 and capping a sublime day for Spurs and a miserable one for Newcastle.
The fourth goal signals further changes as Bissouma is withdrawn for Gil.
Trippier will get a rest next week when he is suspended, and he departs early now, too, with Krafth on in his place.
Another Tottenham change sees Johnson make way for Skipp.
This looked like a damage limitation job for Newcastle even before that fourth goal, and now they are belatedly sitting deep and looking to prevent Spurs scoring a fifth.
Dubravka denies Skipp! The Tottenham midfielder is all alone in the area from a deep cross, but the goalkeeper races out this time, quick enough to close the angle and block the shot with his leg.
Tottenham are not done at four! Son wriggles between Schar and Lascelles to create an angle for a shot but slides his effort the wrong side of the post. So close.
Another Tottenham move gets them in on the right, with Porro played in by Gil. It is not clear if the right-back is shooting or crossing, though, as he finds neither the target nor a team-mate.
There will be a minimum of five minutes of added time.
Son receives a well deserved standing ovation as he is replaced by Donley for stoppage time.
GOAL! Joelinton nets a consolation! Newcastle pull it back to 4-1. Longstaff wins the ball in the final third, and Ritchie plays in Wilson, who unselfishly squares to Joelinton. A fine first-time finish at least gets Newcastle on the board.
Wilson looks as though he might be offside as he receives the ball, but the goal is cleared by the VAR following the forward's cute square pass.
Despite the scoreline, neither team seem particularly happy to play out time. Guimaraes feeds Wilson, who cannot quite work space for a shot inside the box.
Wilson heads straight at Vicario from Ritchie's cross! It is a great opportunity and one that might earn a little more attention if not for the state of the game.
FULL-TIME: TOTTENHAM 4-1 NEWCASTLE UNITED
Tottenham finally return to winning ways in some style. They were beaten home and away by Newcastle last season but outclassed them this time, scoring in the first half through Udogie and Richarlison after fine work from Son. Richarlison got another just when Newcastle were looking for a route back into the match in the second period, then Son got a deserved goal for himself from the penalty spot after he was fouled by Dubravka. Newcastle could have scored early but ultimately had to settle for Joelinton's consolation. As Spurs look forward to Friday's trip to Nottingham Forest, Newcastle must first lift themselves to play Milan in the Champions League. That is all from this game. Goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League fixture from Molineux as Wolves host Nottingham Forest!
Gary O'Neil's Wolves are targeting two home wins in the space of four days after overcoming Burnley on this ground on Tuesday, when Hwang Hee-chan's eighth Premier League goal of the season gave them a hard-fought 1-0 win over the Clarets. That result lifted Wolves nine points clear of the relegation zone, and they could climb into the top half with another victory here, if results elsewhere go their way.
Forest and their boss Steve Cooper, meanwhile, are entering the last chance saloon here. Many expected Cooper to be sacked after his team were humiliated in a 5-0 defeat at Fulham in midweek, and if reports are to be believed, another loss here would spell the end for the popular Forest coach. The visitors sit four points clear of the relegation zone after losing four Premier League games on the spin, and the patience of tripper-happy owner Evangelos Marinakis seems to be wearing thin.
WOLVES (3-4-3): Jose Sa; Maximilian Kilman, Craig Dawson, Toti Gomes; Nelson Semedo, Mario Lemina, Joao Gomes, Hugo Bueno; Pablo Sarabia, Matheus Cunha, Hwang Hee-chan.
WOLVES SUBS: Matt Doherty, Santiago Bueno, Boubacar Traore, Fabio Silva, Sasa Kalajdzic, Tommy Doyle, Dan Bentley, Jean-Ricner Bellegarde, Tawanda Chirewa.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (3-5-2): Matt Turner; Willy Boly, Moussa Niakhate, Murillo; Neco Williams, Orel Mangala, Ryan Yates, Cheikhou Kouyate, Harry Toffolo; Anthony Elanga, Morgan Gibbs-White.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Ibrahim Sangare, Chris Wood, Callum Hudson-Odoi, Nicolas Dominguez, Felipe, Odysseas Vlachodimos, Divock Origi, Danilo, Ola Aina.
O'Neil makes one change to the Wolves team which beat Burnley, and it comes between the sticks as Sa recovers from a back injury to replace Bentley, who made a crucial double save while that game was still poised at 0-0. Rayan Ait-Nouri and Pedro Neto are still out, but there is hope in the Wolves camp that both may return for their next game, at West Ham in eight days' time.
Cooper, meanwhile, has made seven alterations to the team which was routed by Fulham, Forest's most between two league games this season. Murillo, Toffolo, Mangala and Elanga are the only survivors from that chastening defeat as Cooper switches to a three-man backline, with former Wolves players Boly and Gibbs-White among the seven brought into the side.
Among the 137 managers to take charge of at least 20 away Premier League games, only Daniel Farke (76 per cent) has lost a higher percentage of those games than Cooper (70.4 per cent, 19 defeats in 27 road trips). How will his team respond to the noise of recent days? The players are out in the West Midlands, and we're about to find out!
We're under way at Molineux as the visitors get the ball rolling. Wolves are in their traditional old gold and black, with Forest donning a navy and pink change kit.
There's an early concern for Forest as Murillo stays down after colliding with Hwang while going up to win Toti's long ball forward. He's on his feet after receiving treatment from the medical staff, and he should be okay to continue.
Cooper looks to have gone for physicality and solidity for this one, with his position potentially under threat. Kouyate, Mangala and Yates are forming a midfield three, with Elanga and Gibbs-White roaming at the top end of the pitch.
Forest have lost their last four Premier League matches, their third run of four or more defeats in a row since rejoining the division in 2022. However, they have only lost five straight once in that time, doing so between August and October 2022.
Gibbs-White is being loudly booed by the home fans upon every touch. He made his debut for Wolves as a 16-year-old but left under something of a cloud last year, and there is no love lost between him and the club's supporters.
It's been a slow start here, with both teams happy to sit back in their defensive shapes when out of possession. Wolves were slightly fortunate to take advantage of a Burnley error for Hwang's goal in their midweek win, and they'll need to move the ball a little quicker here.
Hwang has scored seven goals in his last eight Premier League home games, only failing to net in Wolves' dramatic 2-1 win over Tottenham in this run. Last time out against Burnley, he became the fifth Wolves player to score at least 10 Premier League goals at Molineux, after Raul Jimenez (22), Ruben Neves (14), Steven Fletcher (11) and Diogo Jota (10).
We're yet to see an attack of note at either end as we pass the 10-minute mark here, with Toti doing well to hold off Williams at the back for Wolves, before Lemina is fouled by Kouyate in midfield.
Now it's Forest's turn to keep possession patiently at the back, with Boly, Niakhate and Murillo shifting it from side to side before the latter works it out to Elanga. Kilman cuts out his low cross before being fouled cheaply by Toffolo deep in Wolves territory.
GOOOOAAAAAAAALLL! FOREST LEAD THROUGH TOFFOLO! The visitors have a huge goal from the first attack of the game! Toti plays Wolves into trouble with a terrible pass towards Sarabia, and Forest work it out to Williams on the right corner of the box. He finds his opposite wing-back Toffolo with a chipped cross, and he gets above Semedo to nod past Sa! Dawson tried to keep it out on the line, but didn't manage to hook it away! 1-0 to Cooper's team!
Williams was given far too much space to cross by Toti and Hugo Bueno, and his delivery was perfect for Toffolo to nod Forest ahead!
Wolves look to hit back immediately following a ponderous start. Cunha races to meet a long ball over the top, and Boly just manages to prod the ball away from him with a desperate lunging challenge – he had to get that right inside his own box!
Wolves fail to make anything of a corner from the right-hand side, then Kouyate catches Sarabia on the follow-though. It's a painful one for the Spaniard, but he's soon back to his feet as Wolves look to work an opening.
Wolves have conceded first in nine previous Premier League games this season, winning two, drawing one and losing six. Can they hit back here? It's been an awful start from O'Neil's men.
Wolves are penning Forest back now, with Gomes pressing high to dispossess Gibbs-White before flicking into Cunha. However, it's all a bit too intricate for the hosts as Williams comes over to blast a clearance off Hwang and out.
Forest have just one win and one clean sheet in their last 15 Premier League games kicking off at 3pm on a Saturday (five draws, nine losses), beating Chelsea 1-0 in September. Wolves, though, have lost their last two Saturday 3pm kick-offs in the Premier League, suffering 2-1 defeats away to Sheffield United and Arsenal. Not since March 2012 have they lost three in a row in that kick-off slot in the competition.
It's noticeable that Lemina is pulling extremely wide for Wolves when they have the ball, almost occupying a right-wing role. Wolves need to use the full width of the pitch here as they bid to open up Forest's compact low block.
A loose pass from Elanga almost lets Cunha in down the Wolves left, but Boly steps in with an excellent challenge inside his own area. The former Wolves defender could have plenty of work to do here if Forest continue to sit this deep.
Half chance! Toti's hanging cross is headed up in the air by Niakhate, and Hwang is inexplicably left unmarked by Forest as it falls to him on the corner of the six-yard box. The angle is too tight, however, as he directs his header wide of the near post.
Wolves have had 70 per cent of the possession so far, and they've spent the last 10 minutes camped in Forest's half. They're yet to work a clear-cut opening, though, with Cooper's men keeping their shape well.
Wolves are furious as Gibbs-White avoids being penalised for a potential nudge on Semedo, allowing Forest a rare foray forward. Goalscorer Toffolo crosses from the left, but Toti rises highest to head it clear.
Hwang now looks to break down the left, but Murillo comes over to concede a corner as we approach the 30-minute mark. Can Wolves make this set-piece count?
Routine save! Gomes plays a one-two from the corner before swinging a cross in, which Cunha keeps alive on the far side. He plays a one-two with Dawson before shooting on his left foot, but his effort lacks power and Turner can drop to his right to cling on.
GOOOOOOAAAAALLLLLL! CUNHA LEVELS FOR WOLVES! The hosts find a way through Forest's packed defence with a fabulous team goal! Cunha drives through midfield to find Lemina, who plays a one-two with Semedo before sliding a pass into the right-hand channel for Sarabia. The Spain international picks Cunha out with a delicate cutback, and he makes no mistake with his side-footed finish! 1-1!
Sarabia gets the assist, racing to the byline before finding Cunha with a clever cutback.
Kouyate is shown a yellow card in the aftermath of the Wolves leveller, presumably for dissent.
Cunha has now been involved in a goal on five successive Premier League appearances (three goals, two assists), having only registered a goal involvement in five of his first 28 games in the competition (four goals, one assist).
There's been no change to the pattern of the game since Wolves' goal. Forest still have everyone back behind the ball, patiently waiting for a chance to spring forward on the counterattack.
Forest have gotten away with one here! Kouyate was booked in the aftermath of Wolves' goal, and straight from Forest's kick-off, he led with his arm in an aerial challenge with Kilman. O'Neil wanted the midfielder to be given his marching orders, and he had a decent point!
Sarabia is involved in some more neat interplay for Wolves as they work the ball out to Hugo Bueno, who finds space to shoot from the left corner of the box, but a navy shirt gets in the way to block.
OVER! Sarabia plucks the ball out of the air with a delicate touch on the top of his left boot before spreading the play to Semedo. He has few options so steps inside to shoot from 25 yards out, but it whistles over the top-right corner. Turner probably had it covered, but it wasn't a bad attempt!
What is Elanga doing?! Hwang looks to be fouled by Niakhate but the referee plays on as Elanga bursts down the Forest left. Gibbs-White is screaming for the pass, free as a bird in the centre, but the former Manchester United man tries to beat Dawson before throwing himself down under the defender's challenge, and he is told to get up by the referee!
Murillo turns Semedo's cross behind for a Wolves corner, and Sarabia's weak near-post delivery is kept alive by Cunha. He gives the Spaniard a second chance to cross from the right, but the Forest backline stands firm to clear the danger.
Kouyate is down near his own area and is receiving treatment from the Forest medical team as both sets of players receive instructions from the dugouts and take the chance to rehydrate. It looks to be a head injury, but he's now being helped back to his feet.
We will have SIX minutes of stoppage time here, as Kouyate is forced to leave the field, at least temporarily.
It looked like a member of Forest's medical team was signalling for a substitution to be made a moment ago, but Kouyate is back on the field for now as Forest are returned to their full complement.
Sarabia is pushed to the ground by Yates, winning a Wolves free-kick and provoking a furious reaction from Cooper on the sidelines. Sarabia delivers the set-piece to the far post, but Dawson and Toti get in each other's way and the former can only head it behind for a goal-kick.
HUGE SAVE! Wolves almost gift Forest a goal! Cunha's lofted pass is brought down far too casually by Kilman, who is robbed by Kouyate near the edge of his own box. The Forest midfielder is through on goal as he looks to slide a finish into the bottom-left corner, but Sa makes a crucial stop with his trailing leg!
Forest now launch two long throws into the Wolves box as they bid to finish the half strongly, with both provoking something of a scramble. Sa manages to hold at the second time of asking, though, and that will be that for the first half at Molineux.
HALF-TIME: WOLVES 1-1 NOTTINGHAM FOREST.
The half-time whistle sounds at Molineux as Wolves and Nottingham Forest trudge off to the changing rooms locked together at 1-1. Wolves made a tentative start and fell behind 14 minutes in as Williams' hanging cross was nodded in by opposite wing-back Toffolo, but Forest then retreated into their own area as O'Neil's men began to dominate. A moment of quality saw them level the scores as Cunha swept Sarabia's cutback home, but there was a huge warning for the hosts shortly before the break as Kouyate pounced on Kilman's mistake to go through on goal, only to be denied by a big save from Sa! It's still all to play for in the second half, which is coming up shortly!
The pattern of this game looks to be set, with Wolves enjoying 73.2 per cent of the possession, creating 0.72 expected goals (xG) to Forest's 0.2 and managing twice as many touches in the area as their visitors (10 to five). However, O'Neil's men have played themselves into trouble on a couple of occasions and need to cut out those mistakes. Cooper will be pleased with the fight shown by his under-fire side thus far, but he will want much more from them in the final third.
Wolves get the ball rolling for the second half! Can they complete the turnaround to make it back-to-back Premier League wins for the first time this season?
Wolves need to keep getting Sarabia involved as often as possible, with the Spaniard creating as many chances in this game (three) as every other player on the pitch combined, with one of those being the assist for Cunha's equaliser. He recorded a goal and an assist when Spurs were beaten on this ground recently – could he do the same here?
Coolly done! Kilman almost sells Sa short with a back pass, but the goalkeeper beats Elanga with a dummy inside his own box as Wolves play their way out from the back.
There's a brief scare for both teams as Williams and Cunha stay down following separate collisions, but both players are swiftly back to their feet. Wolves are then furious as Murillo's late lunge on Lemina somehow goes unpunished in midfield. It's a tetchy affair, this one!
Sarabia plays a deep free-kick into the area and Dawson goes for the spectacular, watching the ball drop over his shoulder before attempting the volley… but perhaps unsurprisingly, the defender fails to make contact as the ball zips through to Turner!
Williams gets forward to win a right-wing corner as Forest enjoy a better spell in possession. The set-piece is swung into the near post… but Toti nods it clear.
WOODWORK! Forest keep the pressure on as Yates' second cross is flicked on by Kouyate to find Elanga unmarked at the back post. He hammers his shot off the underside off the crossbar and away to safety, then the flag goes up late anyway. The winger may have gone slightly too early, but that would have been checked, had he found the net!
Forest are enjoying a much better spell on the ball now, but the referee stops their latest move in its tracks with Hwang down and holding the back of his head. He was caught inadvertently by Murillo, and Wolves were perhaps unfortunate not to get the free-kick.
Forest boss Cooper is shown a yellow card for questioning the referee's choice to stop the game a moment ago. As you'd expect given the circumstances, he is very pumped up for this match.
Wolves have started the second half in much the same way as they began the first – slowly. They need to get Sarabia and Cunha involved and rediscover their rhythm, with Forest growing into the contest.
Kouyate fouls Lemina in midfield, bringing his opponent down after being beaten by a neat touch. He is really walking a tightrope after escaping a potential second yellow card in the first half.
Lemina is down for Wolves in midfield, and O'Neil is about to make the first substitution of the game. Traore is ready to enter the action.
Ball-winning midfielder Traore comes on, with Lemina walking from the field somewhat gingerly. He's been a key figure for Wolves, so Traore has big boots to fill.
Since the start of last season, Nottingham Forest have both lost the most away Premier League games (19) and conceded the most goals on the road (now 63) of any side. They have only won twice in that time, fewer than both Leicester City and Southampton (four each) and as many times as Leeds United, all of whom were relegated in May.
Now Forest have a problem in the engine room, with Kouyate down. He is replaced by Danilo as Cooper is also forced into his first change.
Gomes is slightly fortunate to avoid a booking after tripping Gibbs-White, who chopped past him with a neat piece of skill in midfield. Forest do get the free-kick and deliver it into the area, but it's an easy one for Sa to claim.
Wolves have yet to really get going since the interval, and it looks like O'Neil will soon turn to his bench again. Forest are winning the midfield battle now, but they're yet to create a real chance since half-time.
Toffolo isn't happy as he's penalised for a challenge on Semedo, despite appearing to win the ball with his lunging tackle. Wolves have another chance to load the box from the wide free-kick… but his teasing delivery is beyond everyone as Forest get the goal-kick.
That will be Sarabia's final touch of the ball as he's replaced by Bellegarde, having created Wolves' goal.
Doherty is also on at left wing-back for the hosts, with Hugo Bueno withdrawn. The young Spaniard is being eased in after returning from injury last month.
MASSIVE CHANCE! Forest should be 2-1 up, and Toffolo should have another goal! Williams outmuscles Doherty with ease before delivering a teasing cross into the six-yard box. It loops over Sa, who is in no man's land, but Toffolo somehow heads over and wide of the gaping goal!
Now Wolves attack as Bellegarde feeds Semedo, but his cross just lacks the necessary pace as Cunha heads tamely at Turner. It's still all to play for as we enter the final 20 minutes of the 90 here!
Forest are certainly in the ascendency now. Semedo gets a touch to a teasing cross from Mangala, then Elanga hammers his shot into a gold shirt. Gibbs-White sends an inviting second delivery into the area, and Dawson flicks it behind for a corner.
Wasteful from both teams! A terrible corner is claimed by Sa, who quickly bowls the ball out for Cunha on the break. He looks for Bellegarde with his throughball, but it's terribly overhit and Turner can claim it!
We're into the final 15 minutes of the 90, and this one is still very much in the balance. Can either side turn one point into three?
CHANCE FOR CUNHA! Cunha picks off Murillo's pass before charging into the area, beating two Forest defenders on the way. He lashes a low shot towards goal, and Turner does well to repel it. It comes back to an off-balance Cunha, whose second effort is blocked in front of the Forest goal!
Now Wolves want a penalty as Hwang beats Boly before going down under pressure from his former team-mate, but that was soft and the VAR check is swiftly complete. No spot-kick.
Forest make a change at the back. Murillo looks to be moving awkwardly, so fellow Brazilian Felipe replaces him.
Gibbs-White feels Gomes' foul on him on halfway is worthy of a booking, but none is forthcoming from the referee. Williams hoists the free-kick forward, but Kilman and Traore combine to clear for Wolves.
Now Hwang gets forward to win a corner on the Wolves left. It's a deep delivery from Gomes, kept alive by Kilman, but Traore hammers an awful first-time shot miles over the crossbar. Still 1-1 with 10 minutes of the 90 remaining.
Wolves work the ball forward patiently before Semedo looks to deliver from the right-hand touchline, but it's a poor cross which is easily picked up by Turner under no pressure. Forest are about to make another change, with Wood preparing to come on.
Cooper adds a focal point to the Forest attack as Wood replaces Elanga. He has six goals in his last six Premier League appearances against Wolves.
Cunha is unable to prevent a Forest corner on the far side. The delivery is headed out as far as Gibbs-White… but he sends an awkward volley spinning over Sa's goal.
Wolves have been struggling to play through midfield since Lemina was withdrawn. Bellegarde loses possession as he tries to drive forward, but Forest's break is swiftly cut out by a lunging Toti. Five plus stoppage time to play.
Maybe the midweek fixtures are taking their toll on both teams as they struggle to inject any real urgency to their possession. Can either side find the energy for one last push?
The travelling Forest fans – as they did at Fulham on Wednesday – are singing Cooper's name as we enter the closing stages of this contest. Whatever happens in the coming days and weeks, their support for the manager remains intact.
Wolves have had a lot of possession in the last few minutes, but there's not enough movement from their tiring attackers as Forest maintain their shape. We're about to find out how much stoppage time will be played.
We will have at least four minutes of stoppage time to finish this game. Wolves are about to make a late change in attack.
Towering striker Kalajdzic replaces goalscorer Cunha as O'Neil adds a different type of threat up top.
Both of Kalajdzic's Premier League goals have been late winners – against Everton and Bournemouth. How O'Neil would love another of those here! Wolves have a free-kick on the right wing as Toffolo clips Bellegarde.
Wolves aren't happy as the free-kick is nodded into the middle by Toti, and Wood falls on the ball under pressure from Kilman. The foul goes Forest's way, even though there was absolutely nothing in it.
FULL-TIME: WOLVES 1-1 NOTTINGHAM FOREST.
The full-time whistle sounds as Forest hold on for a 1-1 draw at Molineux, stopping the rot after suffering four successive Premier League defeats. They took the lead early on when Toffolo nodded home at the back post, only to be pegged back when Cunha slotted Sarabia's cutback home in the 32nd minute. Chances were few and far between in the second half, with Wolves enjoying plenty of possession late on but struggling to open Forest up, with Turner denying Cunha with a solid save from their best chance for a winner. Will that point be enough for Cooper to still be in charge when Forest host Tottenham on Friday? We'll see in the coming days. Wolves have eight days to rest up ahead of their next game, at West Ham next Sunday. That's all from Molineux, so thanks for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Arsenal and Brighton at the Emirates Stadium.
The hosts have enjoyed another excellent start to the season, though the memories of Manchester City pipping them to the title last term will still be haunting them. Results like the 1-0 defeat at Aston Villa last time out in the Premier League will not help the nerves, as will the strong form of current leaders Liverpool. A win here will see the Gunners move top, temporarily at least ahead of Liverpool's game with Manchester United later on Sunday.
Brighton started the campaign in brilliant fashion, winning five of their first six Premier League matches. However, a barren six-game spell that saw the Seagulls go over two months without a league victory took the momentum out of their fight for the European spots. Roberto De Zerbi's men have won two of their last four in the league, though, and Brighton fans will be hoping they can once again find the momentum they had at the start of the season.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Kai Havertz; Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Jesus, Gabriel Martinelli.
SUBS: Reiss Nelson, Eddie Nketiah, Emile Smith Rowe, Aaron Ramsdale, Jakub Kiwior, Cedric Soares, Leandro Trossard, Myles Anthony Lewis-Skelly, Reuell Walters.
BRIGHTON (4-2-3-1): Bart Verbruggen; Joel Veltman, Jan-Paul van Hecke, Lewis Dunk, James Milner; Pascal Gross, Billy Gilmour; Simon Adingra, Adam Lallana, Kaoru Mitoma; Evan Ferguson.
SUBS: Facundo Buonanotte, Danny Welbeck, Igor, Jason Steele, Carlos Balepa, Mahmoud Dahoud, Jack Hinshelwood, Joao Pedro, Jakub Moder.
After ringing the changes for the dead rubber Champions League clash against PSV during midweek, Arteta reverts to the same starting XI that lost at Villa Park last weekend. Jorginho is a notable absence from the squad, though Smith Rowe is fit enough to make the bench after making his return from injury off the bench against PSV.
De Zerbi makes three alterations from the 1-1 home draw with Burnley last weekend as Mitoma, Veltman and Gilmour come in for Pedro, Dahoud and Baleba. Welbeck, who played for Arsenal between 2014 and 2019, will look to haunt his former side off the bench if he is called upon.
The two teams enter the pitch at the Emirates Stadium ahead of this big game in the Premier League. Can Arsenal get back to winning ways? We will find out shortly!
The visitors kick us off and we are under way in North London!
It has been a very bright start from Arsenal, who are looking to pin back Brighton and find an early goal. It's vital De Zerbi's men make it through these early stages without conceding.
Arsenal have lost their last three home games against Brighton in all competitions – only against Manchester City (seven between 2018 and 2023) have they lost more consecutively at the Emirates Stadium.
Van Hecke and Dunk have already been busy, tasked with dealing with a couple of wicked crosses into their penalty area. They will need to play well if the Seagulls are to come away with a result.
Ten minutes on the clock at the Emirates Stadium, and while Arsenal have shaded the opening exchanges, they are yet to really carve open this Brighton defence. Arteta will be wanting the likes of Saka and Martinelli to run at their full-backs to try and create something.
The first shot on target falls to Saka as he cuts in and fires, though his effort is tame and straight down the throat of Verbruggen, who makes a comfortable save.
Arsenal threaten again as clever link-up play between Rice and Saka gives the latter the ball in a dangerous position, though his shot is blocked by a well-placed Dunk.
WIDE! Odegaard cuts in from the right onto his favoured left foot and makes the space for a shot. His curling effort looks to be bending into the far corner, though the ball ends up flying just wide of the left post. That is the closest the Gunners have come so far.
Milner is perhaps lucky to avoid a booking after wiping out Saka near the touchline. The challenge was very late, and you suspect the veteran would have seen yellow had there been more minutes on the clock.
46.4 per cent of the action was in the Brighton third over the opening 15 minutes. It has been a dominant performance from Arsenal in terms of territory, though the scoreline remains 0-0.
Jesus makes the space for a shot from range after shifting onto his right foot and firing, but his effort is poor and straight at Verbruggen.
De Zerbi may be forced into an early change here as Veltman goes down with a problem. Hinshelwood is a potential option off the bench if Veltman does have to come off.
It appears Veltman will try and soldier on. Arteta will be instructing Martinelli to have a run at the defender to take advantage of any potential discomfort Veltman is in.
Gabriel gets up brilliantly to leap above Milner and meet a delivery from the left, though his header fails to trouble Verbruggen as he makes another routine stop.
Veltman goes down again and it appears his race is finally run. He did try and battle on, but against a side the calibre of Arsenal, that may not have proved too helpful to his side's efforts.
Veltman does indeed limp off, and 18-year-old Hinshelwood is on in his place.
Brighton have won four of their seven away games against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium – it’s the highest win rate (57 per cent) of any visiting English side at the ground since it opened in 2006.
Martinelli whips a teasing ball across the face of goal, but Dunk coolly chests it back to his goalkeeper before any lurking Arsenal forward can get there. That was cool as you like from the centre-back.
A big opportunity goes begging for Arsenal as Odegaard plays a delightful pass in behind the Brighton defence for Saka. The England international cuts the ball back for Martinelli, only for the left winger to lash high and wide of the target.
The home side has won just two of the last 10 Premier League meetings between Arsenal and Brighton (three draws, five defeats), with the Seagulls winning 2-1 at Amex Stadium in June 2020, and Arsenal winning 2-0 at the Emirates in May 2021.
Zinchenko wins a foul after being brought down by Adingra, but the Arsenal man's attempts to play a quick free-kick are brought back by the referee, much to the home crowd's frustration.
White receives the first yellow card of the contest after cynically halting the progress of Mitoma down the Brighton left as the Seagulls looked to counter.
Brighton hearts are in mouths again as Martinelli gets to the byline before trying to cross. Verbruggen diverts the ball back into the danger area, but a couple of his defenders converge to block Havertz's shot.
Brighton are yet to record a shot in this game. It's been all one-way traffic, yet the scoreline remains goalless as we close in on half-time.
Mitoma drags back Saka and receives a booking for his troubles. Arteta also receives a yellow card for his protestations on the sidelines.
The fourth official puts up his board and indicates there will be four minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
It has been a very frustrating first half for the Gunners, who just cannot quite seem to find a way through this resilient Brighton defence.
Saka pounces upon a loose ball in the Brighton defence before racing into the box and firing, though his effort is always rising and flies high over the crossbar.
HALF-TIME: ARSENAL 0-0 BRIGHTON
The half-time whistle blows as the teams head back to the changing rooms with the scoreline 0-0 at the Emirates Stadium. It was a first half dominated by Arsenal, holding the majority of the possession and going close through the likes of Odegaard and Martinelli. Verbruggen has been busy between the Brighton sticks, but his work and some wasteful Arsenal finishing ensure we go to the break goalless.
Brighton are yet to record a shot, but their rearguard action has largely kept Arsenal at bay. There is a long time to go, however, and De Zerbi will be wanting more of an attacking threat to get his side up the pitch and stop the wave after wave of Arsenal attacks that we saw for spells in the first half.
The hosts get the ball rolling again for the second half. Can they find a way through this Brighton defence over the next 45 minutes?
Arsenal have now stopped the opposition from scoring a first-half goal in 11 of their 17 games. No team has done this more in the Premier League this season.
For the first time in 49 Premier League games under De Zerbi, Brighton didn't attempt a single shot in the first half.
A loose pass by Verbruggen inexplicably gives the ball away in a terrible area. Rice gets it to Saka, who then squares it to Odegaard. However, the Arsenal captain cannot quite get his feet sorted in time and Van Hecke gets across to make a vital block.
GOOOAAALLL!!! JESUS PUTS ARSENAL AHEAD!!! For all of Brighton's strong defending, the manner in which they have gone behind will frustrate De Zerbi no end. Van Hecke gets up to meet Saka's inswinging corner delivery. However, he can only nod the ball on towards the back post, where an unmarked Jesus is waiting to head into the back of the net and put the Gunners 1-0 up!
Having just got their noses in front, the hosts are looking for a quick second to tighten their grip on this contest. It's vital Brighton make it through the next period of the game just the one goal behind.
Arsenal have a record of 10 wins, one draw and no defeats when scoring the opening goal in the Premier League this season. They usually go on and take maximum points when they get ahead in games.
Having taken the lead via a corner, no team has scored more goals from set-pieces (excluding penalties) in the Premier League this season than Arsenal (10 - level with Everton).
De Zerbi responds to going behind with a trio of substitutions. The first sees Lallana make way for Buonanotte.
Ferguson struggled to make an impact during his time on the field, and he is replaced by Pedro up top.
De Zerbi also brings on Igor for Milner in defence.
What impact will those Brighton changes have? There is plenty of time here, but the visitors will have to conjure up more of a threat going forward.
Brighton's first shot of the game falls the way of Hinshelwood, but his header from a cross is straight at Raya. That will provide a bit of encouragement, however, that the visitors can go and find a way back into this contest.
Buonanotte momentarily goes down in midfield after a coming-together with Saliba. The Arsenal man gets the ball, but the follow-through seems to have caught Buonanotte on the ankle.
CLOSE! White flicks on a Martinelli corner at the near post, and the ball looks to be flying in. However, Dunk somehow gets back in the nick of time to make a crucial last-ditch intervention, nodding the ball over his own crossbar. That was a goal-saving header from the Brighton captain.
Brighton's substitutes have scored more goals (10) and have more goal involvements (13) than those of any other team in the Premier League this season. Can De Zerbi's introductions make an impact again over these final 20 minutes?
There are some faint appeals for a penalty from the Brighton fans as Mitoma goes down under White's challenge, but the protests are half-hearted at best and the referee waves play on.
SAVE! Verbruggen keeps the deficit at just the one with a vital stop. Arsenal catch Brighton on the counter and the ball ends up with Odegaard. He holds off a couple of Brighton defenders to get a shot away, but Verbruggen does well to parry it behind for a corner.
CHANCE! Arsenal will kick themselves if they do not go on to win this game. This time, it's Havertz who gets on the end of Martinelli's cross from the left, only to head over the crossbar from close range.
Gilmour goes in the book for a crunching challenge on Jesus in midfield.
De Zerbi's changes have had little impact so far. Arsenal have continued to dominate, but as long as the lead is just the one goal, the home crowd could be in for a nervy final 12 or so minutes.
Welbeck comes on to a warm reception from both sets of fans. Adingra is the man to make way.
Arteta makes his first changes of the game. Jesus, whose goal could prove to be the winner, trudges off for Nketiah.
Trossard also enters the fray, coming on for Martinelli on the Gunners' left wing.
WHAT A CHANCE!!! Brighton have barely had a kick going forward, but they really should be level! Pedro slides a neat pass down the left for Mitoma, who fires a cross into the box. Gross is there in the middle, and it looks for all the world like he will turn home for a Seagulls equaliser. However, he somehow manages to shoot the wrong side of the post! What a let-off for Arsenal!
Another chance to put the game to bed goes begging for Arsenal as a marauding run from Rice takes him all the way into the Brighton box. He bursts past Van Hecke before firing goalwards, but Verbruggen is able to block the midfielder's effort.
Hinshelwood gets up well to meet Gross' delivery from the left, but the youngster doesn't get the contact he wants on the ball and it ends up bouncing harmlessly wide.
GOOOAAALLL!!! GAME OVER!!! Havertz surely makes the points safe with a fine finish! A sweeping Arsenal counter sees Odegaard find Nketiah. With options to his left and right, Nketiah picks the right one by sliding the ball into the path of Havertz. The Germany international strides towards goal before dinking over the goalkeeper and in to make it 2-0 to Arsenal!
Nketiah's pass was superb to allow Havertz to potentially put the game to bed.
Having just put his team two goals to the good, Havertz is replaced by the returning Smith Rowe.
With the game surely won, Saka is taken off for Nelson.
Gross is booked for dissent. This has been a frustrating outing for the Seagulls.
We are into six minutes of additional time at the end of this match. A Brighton comeback looks unlikely now.
Smith Rowe nearly marks his return from injury with a goal as he fires Trossard's cutback goalwards, only for Verbruggen to make the save.
Kiwior comes on for the final stages, with Zinchenko the man to make way.
Arsenal have now scored 11 goals in the last 15 minutes of the second half. Only Liverpool (14) have scored more during that period in the Premier League this season.
FULL-TIME: ARSENAL 2-0 BRIGHTON
The full-time whistle blows as Arsenal celebrate a comfortable 2-0 win against Brighton at the Emirates Stadium. It was a frustrating first half for the Gunners, who dominated the possession and territory without finding a way through the Seagulls defence. That changed not long after the interval, however, as Van Hecke failed to deal with a Saka corner, allowing Jesus to nod home at the near post. Havertz then made the points safe in the latter stages, firing home after Nketiah's clever throughball had played him in to put the result beyond doubt. The win moves Arsenal top, temporarily at least ahead of Liverpool's game with Manchester United at Anfield later on Sunday. For Brighton, this loss and West Ham's win against Wolves means they drop to ninth. They will look to get back on track away at Crystal Palace on Thursday, while the Gunners will look to land a huge blow in the title race when they take on Liverpool at Anfield on Saturday. That is all we have from the Emirates Stadium, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Brentford and Aston Villa.
Brentford host Aston Villa in a game where they will be hoping to build some momentum after a difficult run in the Premier League. The Bees have lost four of their last five games in England’s top flight, winning once. Thomas Frank’s side will be looking to bounce back after a disappointing defeat away to struggling Sheffield United last time out. A win could see Brentford climb above Chelsea into the top half depending on goal difference, but they face a difficult test in Unai Emery’s high-flying Aston Villa.
Aston Villa are in excellent form as they head to the Gtech Community Stadium. The Midlands club’s last Premier League match saw them triumph 1-0 over Arsenal at home to extend their unbeaten streak to five (W4 D1 L0), putting them in third place on 35 points through 16 matches. Since Emery has arrived at Villa Park, he is yet to lose a game in London, and he is unbeaten in all six of his Premier League games in the capital (W4 D2). The Villans have a real opportunity to qualify for the Champions League if their form continues, and a win today would certainly help their chances.
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Mark Flekken; Ben Mee, Ethan Pinnock, Zanka; Mads Roerslev, Vitaly Janelt, Christian Norgaard, Mikkel Damsgaard, Saman Ghoddos; Yoane Wissa, Keane Lewis-Potter.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Charlie Goode, Neal Maupay, Frank Onyenka, Thomas Strakosha, Nathan Collins, Myles Peart-Harris, Shandon Baptiste, Yehor Yarmoliuk, Michael Olakigbe.
ASTON VILLA (3-5-2): Emiliano Martinez; Pau Torres, Diego Carlos, Ezri Konsa; Alex Moreno, John McGinn, Jacob Ramsey, Boubacar Kamara, Matty Cash; Ollie Watkins, Moussa Diaby.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Calum Chambers, Clement Lenglet, Nicolo Zaniolo, Jhon Duran, Leon Bailey, Leander Dendoncker, Filip Marschall, Tim Iroegbunam, Sam Proctor.
Frank has made four changes from his side’s disappointing defeat to struggling Sheffield United. In attack, Maupay drops to the bench and Brentford change their system slightly. Midfield duo Onyeka and Baptiste are also named among the substitutes after starting in their previous fixture. Damsgaard, Roerslev, and Zanka all come into the team.
Meanwhile, Emery has made four alterations from the team that beat Arsenal last time out in the Premier League. On the left-hand side, Moreno comes in for Lucas Digne. Youri Tielemans, Douglas Luiz, and Bailey also drop out of the starting XI, with Ramsey, Cash, and Diaby coming into the team.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
Damsgaard gets the game under way for Brentford at the Gtech Community Stadium!
McGinn pounces on a loose ball in midfield and spots the run of Watkins beyond the Brentford defence. He slips a throughball to the English striker on his left foot, but Pinnock is there to intercept and pokes it behind for a corner. Emery's side have three successive corners with the Bees dealing with them comfortably.
Ramsey receives the ball out wide and Moreno has burst forwards from defence into a central position. Ramsey finds him with a driven pass into feet, and the Spaniard turns and dances through challenges in the box before aiming for goal, but his shot is weak and dealt with by Flekken between the sticks.
It's another chance for Moreno after some excellent build-up from Aston Villa. Diaby gets past his marker on the left-hand side and delivers into the box. It's controlled by Diego Carlos who lays it into the path of Kamara. The French midfielder guides it towards Moreno on the edge of the penalty area, but he strikes it into the stands behind the goal.
What a chance for Brentford! The Bees press high up the pitch and win the ball back. Lewis-Potter shifts it out wide to Janelt who plays a first-time cross towards the penalty spot, where Damsgaard is unmarked. He goes to shoot unchallenged, aiming for the bottom corner, but Martinez gets down well to save. It was a real opportunity for Frank's side and they should be a goal to the good.
Damsgaard finds space on the right-hand side and looks to beat Moreno. He gets the ball out of his feet and hopes to find a team-mate in the penalty area, but his cross is blocked by the Villa defender and goes behind. The delivery comes in and Mee is tussling for it and goes to ground, but the referee waves play on.
Villa look to hit Brentford on the counter-attack as McGinn finds Ramsey on the left. Moreno makes a superb overlapping run and Ramsey spots him. The left-back drives into the penalty area and looks to test Flekken, but his cross is blocked and the ball goes out for a corner.
Villa work the ball well as Torres finds McGinn between the lines in space. The Scottish midfielder turns on it and unleashes an ambitious effort from range, but it's comfortably saved by Flekken for Brentford. The shot lacked power and precision and was no trouble for the goalkeeper.
Emery's men have been the stronger side in the opening stages of the game and have had 62.7 per cent of the ball. Despite the Midlands club dominating the possession, Brentford have had the best chance of the match, but it's the only shot they have registered so far. Villa have managed five shots since the game got under way.
Lewis-Potter goes down in the box under a challenge from Diego Carlos and the Gtech Community Stadium supporters are appealing for a penalty. The referee waves play on. It certainly would have been a soft one and it was wishful thinking from the Brentford forward.
Mee is currently down and he requires treatment, so there is a short break in play. It appears that the Brentford defender has suffered a cut to his face. The tough centre-back is being cleaned up by the medical team and looks ready to return to action. It would take a lot for Mee to be forced off the pitch.
A huge chance for Villa! Torres receives the ball out wide and sends a cross towards the back post. Cash has burst forward and into the penalty area, arriving late, and he beats the Brentford defenders to it. The Polish right-back manages to fling a leg at it, but it goes wide of the post from a few yards out. He should be hitting the target at the very least!
Another opportunity for Villa and Emery's side go a little more direct for this one. Diego Carlos launches it long towards Watkins, who nods it down to Ramsey who has burst into the box. He takes a touch and closes in on the goal, but he gets his shot all wrong and it goes wide. Another really good chance for Villa!
Frank's side have already allowed Villa to have seven shots since the game got under way. Brentford will need to tighten up at the back, especially when you consider the form Emery's men are in at the moment. The Bees have looked a threat at times on the counter, but they need to limit the amount of opportunities Villa are having.
Cash cuts in from the right-hand side and the ball is switched out wide to Moreno. Villa work the ball well and it eventually finds Konsa who delivers towards the back post. Moreno gets on the end of it and tries an ambitious effort from outside the box, close to the corner flag, but the ball flies out for a throw-in to Brentford.
Janelt is down in a heap after a heavy challenge with Cash. He looks in some discomfort and it was a late tackle from the Villa defender. The medical team are on the pitch giving treatment to the Brentford midfielder now. It looked a sore one, but it shouldn't be enough to force Frank into a substitution. He should be fine to continue.
Cash gives the ball away and Norgaard performs a superb pirouette to evade the challenges of Villa's midfield. The ball falls to Wissa who does well to force a foul and Brentford are able to settle down and regroup for a second. Frank has set his team up to hit Villa in transition, but he will want to see more of it than he has done so far.
So close! Janelt finds the run of Damsgaard who has broke beyond the Villa defensive line. He closes in on the box with no defenders around him and sends a delivery towards the back post in search of Wissa. The Brentford striker is at full stretch, but he can't quite get on the end of it! It wouldn't have counted anyway, with the assistant referee raising his flag for offside.
McGinn shifts it out wide to Konsa who exchanges passes with Cash. It eventually comes to Ramsey on the left who crosses into the box, but Brentford are able to clear. Villa are keeping the pressure on and McGinn's pass is loose towards Moreno, but the Spanish defender makes a late foul on Roerslev and the Bees are awarded a free-kick.
Torres sends a pass towards Diaby but it's intercepted by Ghoddos who bursts forward towards the Villa half. Diaby hacks him down as Brentford look to counter, and the referee awards a free-kick. The French forward might count himself lucky to have escaped a booking there.
GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 BRENTFORD!! The Bees win a corner and Ghoddos looks to send a delivery into the box. It's a dangerous one and Emery's side struggle to deal with it as it cannons off a defender towards the edge of the box. Moreno goes to clear but Lewis-Potter knicks the ball in front of him before firing into the back of the net! They haven't had many chances, but they were clinical this time around!
Wissa has the ball in the back of the net... but it won't count! Torres plays a loose pass as Villa try and play out and Pinnock is there to pounce on it. He plays it first-time into the feet of Wissa who is in acres of space beyond the defensive line. He dispatches past Martinez, but the assistant has his flag up. NO GOAL.
HALF-TIME: BRENTFORD 1-0 ASTON VILLA
Brentford go into the break with a 1-0 lead over Aston Villa at the Gtech Community Stadium. Frank's side haven't had a host of chances since the game got under way, but they've been more clinical than their opponents so far. It took until the final few minutes of the half for the deadlock to be broken, with Lewis-Potter pouncing in the box to open the scoring from a corner. Villa have had plenty of the ball and look threatening in the final third, but Emery's men need to start creating more clear-cut chances.
Emery's side have created 0.83 xG (expected goals) since the game began from nine shots. However, both teams have created just one big chance each, with the home side taking their opportunity to open the scoring. Villa's efforts on goal have come from all over the pitch, but their top goalscorer Watkins is yet to have a shot. The Midlands club will have to find him in advanced positions in the second half. Frank will be hoping his side can tighten up at the back, but they also look relatively threatening on the break.
Diaby gets the second half under way for Aston Villa!
Norgaard goes into the book for a late challenge on McGinn.
VAR are taking a look at Norgaard's challenge on McGinn for a potential red card offence. The referee originally gave a yellow, but they're having another look at it. After a short delay, the referee waves play on. It's just a booking for Norgaard.
It's been a slow start to the second half for both sides, as Wissa and Torres collide just outside Villa penalty area. Both players are down at the moment and the referee has stopped play temporarily. However, they are back on their feet and able to continue.
Villa work the ball patiently just outside the Brentford penalty area, but Frank's side are staying resolute and they can't find a breakthrough. There's been a lack of creativity from the away team since the second half began, and their opposition are sitting deeper and deeper, hoping to hold on to their slender lead.
Emery's side have enjoyed 65.7 per cent of the possession since the second half got under way. Brentford appear happy for the opposition to have it while they stay organised defensively, and it's working so far. The Bees are staying patient, hoping to hit Villa on the break.
Diego Carlos shifts the ball out wide to Cash who plays it back inside. It eventually finds Moreno on the left and he sends a pass into the penalty area for Ramsey. The young midfielder tries to find a team-mate with a cross, but it's intercepted and Brentford are able to clear. Villa are struggling to create anything at the moment, and it wouldn't be a surprise to see a change from Emery soon.
So close! A corner comes into the box from Ramsey and Kamara attacks it from deep. His header flies towards the top corner, but it whistles past the post and out for a goal-kick. Unfortunately, he also collides with Wissa when going for the ball, and he's now receiving treatment for a head injury. After a short delay, he's up on his feet and able to continue.
Brentford are defending superbly at the moment and aren't giving any of the opposition a second to think about anything when they receive the ball. Watkins is the latest player to control a pass and be pounced on by multiple defenders. Frank will be impressed with how organised his side are at the back.
What a save! Brentford have an opportunity from a corner and Ghoddos works it short before it's delivered into the box by Damsgaard. It finds the head of Wissa who powers it towards goal, but Martinez makes a superb stop to deny the striker. The Argentine goalkeeper reacted quickly and palmed it away from danger.
Emery makes a change as Villa search for an equaliser, with Bailey coming on in place of Cash.
Diaby, who hasn't been involved as much as he would have hoped, is taken off. Duran comes on in his place in what is an attacking change from the Villa manager.
Brentford make a change in attack, with goalscorer Lewis-Potter replaced by Maupay.
Frank looks to tighten up his midfield, adding fresh legs, with Onyeka entering the fray. Damsgaard is the player to make way.
VAR are taking a long look at a challenge from Mee. He goes over the top of the ball and is out of control, landing his studs on the shin of Bailey. The referee has been advised to go to the monitor and is taking a look at the challenge.
Mee is sent off! The referee had to go to the monitor to check the challenge and Mee has been given his marching orders. It was a reckless tackle from the Brentford defender, but Frank is furious on the sideline!
Brentford have every player inside their own half now as they look to stay organised at the back despite going down to 10 men. Duran manages to find space just outside the penalty area, turning before unleashing from range, but his strike just goes wide of the post. Flekken didn't look too troubled, and he may have had it covered.
Brentford make a defensive change after the red card, with central defender Collins coming on for striker Wissa.
GOOOAAALLLL!!! 1-1!!! Aston Villa equalise! McGinn finds Bailey on the right-hand side, just inside the Brentford box. The winger stands up his marker before floating a delivery towards the back post. It evades all the opposition defenders, and Moreno comes storming in to send a bullet header beyond Flekken between the sticks! Emery’s side finally find the back of the net!
Bailey has made an important impact since coming off the bench. It was a superb cross which tempted Moreno into charging towards the back post to send it beyond the goalkeeper.
Bailey goes into the book for an aggressive challenge on Janelt.
Emery makes another attacking change as Villa now search for a winner. Zaniolo comes on in place of Torres, signalling a change in shape for the away side.
Villa have an opportunity from a corner and Emery's side are really applying the pressure in the final stages of the game. Ramsey is there to take and he is set to deliver into the box. Frank's side need to stay tight here, especially without the presence of Mee in the box.
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! 2-1!! Aston Villa are in front! Emery's side have completed the turnaround. From the corner, Ramsey delivered into the box, and it was flicked on by Kamara. Watkins timed his run to perfection and arrived late inside the six-yard box to power a header into the back of the net. The red card has had a major impact on Brentford and Villa have taken advantage!
Kamara's flick-on helped the ball into the danger zone and turned a disappointing corner into a goalscoring opportunity.
Ghoddos was involved in an altercation with the Villa players after they celebrated in front of the Brentford supporters.
Konsa was the first player to confront Ghoddos, which sparked a mass reaction from both sides, and he was booked for his involvement.
Duran was also given a yellow for his involvement in the altercation.
Janelt goes into the book for a reckless challenge inside the Aston Villa half.
Janelt is taken off shortly after his booking, with Yarmoliuk coming on in his place.
Roerslev's game is over with Oluwakorede entering the fray in the final few minutes.
It's another substitution from Villa as Ramsey comes off the pitch. Dendoncker comes on to add some solidity in midfield.
Onyeka makes a late challenge close to the sideline and goes into the book.
Maupay charges down Martinez and the Villa goalkeeper goes to ground, with the Brentford striker booked in the process.
In the midst of all the action, the fourth official indicated that there would be a minimum of 10 minutes of added time at the end of the game.
Konsa attempts an ambitious effort which goes wide, and that might have disappointed Emery. His Villa side could have looked after possession as they hope to hold onto their lead in the final few minutes, but the Villa defender has given the ball back to Brentford.
It's all kicking off! Kamara is sent off! Martinez appeared to push Maupay to the floor, and the Villa goalkeeper pulled the forward off the ground, sparking another brawl. Kamara grabbed Yarmoliuk round the neck and the referee produced a red card.
Martinez goes into the book after grabbing Maupay who was on the floor. It was silly from the Aston Villa goalkeeper in the final few minutes of the game.
Yarmoliuk receives a yellow for his involvement in the altercation, which also saw Kamara sent off.
We're into the final few minutes of the game and Villa have possession deep inside the Brentford half. Emery's side are looking to keep the ball in the corner to see out the game. Despite there only being 10 minutes of added time, the game continues after play had stopped due to the red card.
FULL-TIME: BRENTFORD 1-2 ASTON VILLA
Brentford throw away their lead as Aston Villa turn things around with a 2-1 win. Frank's side went into the break with a 1-0 lead after Lewis-Potter broke the deadlock in the first half. After half-time, Villa were pushing for an equaliser, but the Bees defended well as they sat deep, making things difficult for the Midlands outfit to find a breakthrough. Later in the second half, Mee was sent off for a reckless challenge on Bailey, shifting the momentum in Villa's favour. Emery's men found an equaliser through Moreno before Watkins grabbed what turned out to be the winner in the 85th minute. The final stages of the game were feisty, with multiple players from both teams receiving bookings. Late in stoppage time, Kamara was sent off after an incident between Martinez and Maupay sparked a mass brawl, but Villa held on in the final few minutes. Brentford don't play until after Christmas when they host Wolves on the 27th December, while Villa face Sheffield United next Friday in the Premier League. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello everyone and welcome to live text coverage of the Premier League clash between Burnley and Everton.
Former Burnley boss Sean Dyche returns to Turf Moor for the first time since his departure last year. He does so with his Everton side on a three-match winning streak and looking to pull further clear of the relegation zone, in which the Clarets sit 19th and five points from safety. So, we are set for a crucial showdown at the bottom end of the Premier League table.
BURNLEY (4-4-2): James Trafford; Vitinho, Dara O'Shea, Jordan Beyer, Hannes Delcroix; Jacob Bruun Larsen, Sander Berge, Josh Brownhill, Wilson Odobert; Jay Rodriguez, Zeki Amdouni.
SUBS: Arijanet Muric, Connor Roberts, Ameen Al Dakhil, Nathan Redmond, Josh Cullen, Michael Obafemi, Lyle Foster, Mike Tresor, Benson Manuel.
EVERTON (5-4-1): Jordan Pickford; Nathan Patterson, Ben Godfrey, Michael Keane, James Tarkowski, Dwight McNeil; Jack Harrison, Abdoulaye Doucoure, Amadou Onana, James Garner; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
SUBS: Andy Lonergan, Joao Virginia, Elijah Campbell, Mackenzie Hunt, Jenson Metcalfe, Arnaut Danjuma, Lewis Dobbin, Beto, Youssef Chermiti.
Vincent Kompany makes two changes from Burnley's draw at Brighton last time out. Delcroix replaces the suspended Charlie Taylor at left-back while Larsen comes in for Johann Berg Gudmundsson, who misses out. Lyle Foster returns from a prolonged absence on the bench, where he is joined by Cullen, but Aaron Ramsey, Jack Cork and Luca Koleosho are still unavailable.
Meanwhile, Dyche makes four alterations from Everton's 2-0 win over Chelsea. All of them are enforced with Jarrad Branthwaite and Idrissa Gueye suspended, while Ashley Young and Vitaliy Mykolenko miss out having picked up knocks. Keane, Patterson, Godfrey and Onana come into the side.
Although the underdogs with the form book, Burnley have won five of their eight Premier League home games against Everton, more victories than they have managed against any opponent at Turf Moor in the competition.
The teams are out and we are almost ready to go at Turf Moor.
Referee Anthony Taylor blows his whistle and Burnley get the match under way.
The hosts are awarded a free-kick after Tarkowski bundles over Rodriguez. This is a decent early opportunity for them to send the ball into the box.
Burnley's subsequent delivery into the box is dealt with by the Everton defence, who have two former Clarets defenders in the heart of it in Keane and Tarkowski, as well as McNeil at left wing-back.
A resurgent Everton are looking to win four successive Premier League games for the first time since December 2020. Meanwhile, you must go back to November 2002 for the last time they did that without conceding along the way.
JUST WIDE! Harrison produces neat footwork down the right flank before swinging in a deep cross to the far post. There, McNeil arrives and connects, but sees his header drift just wide of the right upright.
This is only Dyche's second appearance in the visiting dugout at Turf Moor. Ironically, the other came in his first ever game as a manager when he brought Watford here in August 2011.
Burnley have enjoyed over 60 per cent of the possession inside the opening quarter of an hour. Although, Everton are enjoying a bright spell, having threatened with a couple of corners in quick succession.
Burnley's concentration levels are put to the test as Everton ask questions from set-pieces. Trafford keeps out Tarkowski, who is subsequently penalised for a foul on the goalkeeper.
GREAT SAVE! Trafford denies Calvert-Lewin. Harrison and Patterson combine down the right with the latter sending a delicious ball into the six-yard. There, Calvert-Lewin's header is brilliantly kept out by the young goalkeeper.
ONANA!!! 1-0 EVERTON! The visitors lead at Turf Moor. From the resulting corner, McNeil swings a dangerous ball into the six-yard box, where Onana outjumps Trafford to bury his header into the back of the net.
Former Burnley player McNeil grabs an assist on his return to Turf Moor. His corner delivery was begging to be attacked.
While the home fans were stunned by Onana's header, they attempt to rally their players with plenty of noise echoing around the stadium. Can the hosts respond?
Burnley seek that response and Odobert feeds the ball into Rodriguez at the near post. The striker looks to turn and get a shot away, but Tarkowski is there to block.
Everton counter as McNeil leads the charge with a powerful run from inside his own half. The wing-back goes for goal from 20 yards out, but his effort goes into the stands.
KEANE!!! 2-0 EVERTON! Two former Burnley players combine to haunt their old side! Tarkowski climbs to flick Pickford's long kick down for Keane, whose drilled volley is kept out by Trafford. However, the ball ricochets back to the centre-half and he makes no mistake at the second attempt in tucking home from six yards out.
Everton have now scored eight unanswered goals in the Premier League. Despite their recent 10-point deduction, the Toffees have certainly not let it affect their performance levels.
That second goal has certainly knocked the stuffing out of Burnley, who look to work their way back into the game by maintaining possession inside their own half.
Burnley do face a difficult task in turning this deficit around against an Everton side boasting five Premier League clean sheets this season. Only Newcastle United (seven) and Arsenal (six) have registered more in the English top flight.
Former Burnley and Everton player Adrian Heath is an interested spectator today. He will hope his old clubs can stay clear of relegation danger this season.
Everton push for a third goal and Tarkowski meets a free-kick, sending a looping header towards goal. But under pressure from Onana, Trafford does well to gather from the air.
There is another concern for Burnley as Odobert stays down and is in need of attention from the medical team. The hosts will hope it is nothing too serious.
Thankfully for the hosts, Odobert gets back to his feet and is fine to return to the thick of the action.
Everton maintain their two-goal lead as we approach the final minutes of the first half. Burnley will be eager for the half-time whistle now.
The hosts have an opportunity to potentially cut the deficit before the break as Odobert is fouled on the left wing. Can they make the most of this?
Nothing came of the free-kick and, instead, Everton threaten a third goal as we enter four additional minutes at the end of the first half. Keane meets a corner at the near post, but cannot keep his header down.
GREAT DEFENDING! Burnley look to halve the deficit and a brilliant diagonal ball gets Vitinho in behind Tarkowski. The right-back drills it across the six-yard box, where Amdouni is waiting for a tap-in, but Godfrey gets there first with a vital sliding intervention.
HALF-TIME: BURNLEY 0-2 EVERTON
Everton are in command at the midway point at Turf Moor, courtesy of two goals from set-pieces. Onana broke the deadlock in the 19th minute when he headed home McNeil's corner. Former Burnley defender Keane doubled the lead six minutes later, finishing at the second attempt after Tarkowski cushioned Pickford's long kick into his path.
Despite their deficit, Burnley enjoyed most of the possession inside the opening 45 minutes, 62.9 per cent of it in fact. However, the hosts are still to register a shot on target, and they must address that upon the restart.
Burnley make a change at the break. Foster enjoys a welcome return to action as he replaces Rodriguez.
Everton also make a change with Doucoure, who picked up an injury during the first half, making way to be replaced by Dobbin.
We are off and running again at Turf Moor.
Burnley look to make a mark early in the second half. Larsen fires a delicious ball right across the face of goal. But none of his team-mates attack it and Patterson puts it behind.
The hosts continue to threaten and Odobert has an attempt blocked, before Foster's shot is saved by Pickford.
Everton look to smash and grab as they are awarded a free-kick in a dangerous position outside the box. Garner whips in a fierce delivery, which Trafford takes no chances with and turns behind for a corner.
Everton have won four of their last five Premier League games away from Goodison Park. That is as many as they managed in their previous 42 such matches.
Burnley are awarded a free-kick right on the edge of the Everton area after Godfrey is penalised for bringing down Odobert. These are the opportunities the hosts must look to capitalise on.
Larsen steps up to take the free-kick, but it is an anticlimax for Burnley as he sends his attempt straight into the wall. Although, it does deflect behind for a corner.
Everton remain 2-0 to the good as we hit the hour mark at Turf Moor. As things stand, they are on course for a fourth successive win and clean sheet.
The Toffees look to threaten down the left wing and McNeil's attempted cross deflects behind for a corner. Another goal would surely put the game beyond Burnley.
OFF THE POST! There is a scramble inside Burnley's six-yard box. The corner ricochets off Vitinho after Trafford attempts to palm clear. Keane looks to capitalise and hits the post, while Vitinho's attempted clearance also comes back off the upright. But the hosts just about survive.
GOOD SAVE! That was better from Burnley. Amdouni unleashes a powerful attempt from inside the penalty area, but Pickford does brilliantly to turn it away.
The hosts had lost nine successive home Premier League games prior to their thumping 5-0 rout of Sheffield United last time out. At the moment, it looks like a big ask for them to make it back-to-back wins at Turf Moor.
Burnley make a change as we enter the final 20 minutes of this game. Al Dakhil is introduced by Kompany with Delcroix making way.
Can Odobert make a difference for the hosts? The 19-year-old has scored in two of his three Premier League starts this season. McNeil (four) is the only player to net more times for the Clarets as a teenager in this division.
We are into the final quarter of an hour at Turf Moor. Can Burnley respond or will Everton see this out?
Everton continue to look resolute at the back. Only Arsenal and Liverpool (15) have conceded more Premier League goals than the Toffees (20) this season.
OFF THE BAR! The woodwork denies Berge, as his first-time attempt from Larsen's cutback crashes against it. The goal would not have counted, though, as the latter was subsequently ruled offside.
Everton make a change and Calvert-Lewin is given a breather by Dyche. Beto replaces him for the last eight minutes.
There is also activity on the Burnley bench. Larsen goes off to be replaced by Benson.
Garner kicks the ball away, almost hitting the referee in the process. The Everton midfielder goes into the book for his troubles.
Five minutes remain here. Everton are looking increasingly comfortable as the clock ticks down towards what should be another victory.
Kompany makes a double-substitution for Burnley. The first of these sees Vitinho withdrawn in favour of Redmond.
Odobert is also given a breather by the hosts. Tresor comes on in his place.
We are going to play a further three minutes at the end of this game. Everton are almost there.
Burnley seek a late consolation as Tresor looks for the far corner with a bending 20-yard effort. His attempt is not too far over in all fairness, but it does not test Pickford and that will surely be that.
FULL-TIME: BURNLEY 0-2 EVERTON
Everton continue their resurgence as they make it four successive Premier League victories following a routine 2-0 win at Burnley. The damage was done in the first half with Onana and former Clarets defender Keane on target in the opening 25 minutes at Turf Moor. The Toffees move seven points clear of the relegation zone, but the hosts remain six points from safety. Everton turn their attention to the EFL Cup quarter-finals in midweek when they host Fulham at Goodison Park. The Cottagers also provide the opposition for Burnley in the Premier League next Sunday. That's all for today. Thank you for joining us. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Chelsea and Sheffield United at Stamford Bridge!
Chelsea have lost their two most recent matches, going down 2-1 at Manchester United and then 2-0 at Everton last week, with the latter being the fifth straight top-flight fixture in which they have shipped at least two goals. Manager Mauricio Pochettino has not lost three Premier League games on the spin since 2013, when still in charge of Southampton. His injury-hit side sit 12th in the table approaching the halfway stage, no less than 14 points shy of the top four.
Sheffield United belatedly earned both their second win and first clean sheet of the Premier League season last weekend: the Blades beat Brentford 1-0 but are still bottom of the table on goal difference. They last won consecutive top-flight games in July 2020, during Chris Wilder’s previous stint in charge - on that occasion the second win came against Chelsea. However, United are the only team without an away victory this term, having lost on six of seven road trips so far.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Dorde Petrovic; Axel Disasi, Thiago Silva, Benoit Badiashile, Levi Colwill; Moises Caicedo, Connor Gallgher; Raheem Sterling, Cole Palmer, Mykhailo Mudryk; Nicolas Jackson.
SUBS: Marcus Bettinelli, Lucas Bergstrom, Armando Broja, Ian Maatsen, Enzo Fernandez, Malo Gusto, Alfie Gilchrist, Christopher Nkunku, Alex Matos.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (4-1-4-1): Wes Foderingham; Jayden Bogle, Anel Ahmedhodzic, Auston Trusty, Max Lowe; Vinicius Souza; James McAtee, Gustavo Hamer, Andre Brooks, Cameron Archer; Oli McBurnie.
SUBS: Adam Davies, George Baldock, Luke Thomas, Benie Traore, William Osula, Ben Osborn, Yasser Larouci, Anis Ben Slimane, Oliver Norwood.
Making a total of five changes to the team that started against Everton, Pochettino drops Broja and Fernandez, with Robert Sanchez, Marc Cucurella and Chelsea captain Reece James all ruled out by injury. Former New England Revolution goalkeeper Petrovic deputises for Sanchez, while French striker Nkunku - last season's joint-top Bundesliga scorer - is named on the bench following a long layoff.
McBurnie returns from suspension to replace Osula up front for Sheffield United, but Jack Robinson must now serve a one-match ban for yellow-card accumulation - Lowe replaces the latter in defence. Chris Basham, John Egan and Rhian Brewster remain sidelined, but Norwood is back on the bench.
The players are out on the pitch at Stamford Bridge, and kick-off is now just moments away!
Sheffield United kick off, and we are under way in London!
After Jackson forces a corner on the left, Mudryk sends over an outswinging delivery that skips dangerously through the area, before Caicedo has a snap-shot blocked on the edge of the box.
Chelsea are keeping the pressure on their visitors early in this game, as they look to avoid three consecutive losses. Defeat today would further increase the debate about the Blues' direction - both on and off the pitch.
Sheffield United are still chasing shadows, as their hosts pass purposefully around in midfield - albeit without creating any openings in the Blades' back line as yet.
Shortly after Sterling runs into traffic on the edge of the opposition area, McBurnie is almost sent clear by a long throughball at the other end; however, he is penalised for a foul on Badiashile and the chance evaporates.
Sheffield United have the worst defensive record away from home throughout the Premier League this season, and as they have also failed to keep a single clean sheet in any of their last 29 away league games against Chelsea - since a goalless draw in October 1922 - history is certainly not on their side either.
Bogle does just enough to deny Chelsea access to the United area, then the visitors suddenly spring a quick counter-attack. At its end, Archer thunders a 20-yard shot straight into the first defender in front of him.
With a 79 per cent share of possession, Chelsea are living up to pre-match expectations: they'll dominate the ball today, but can they turn such supremacy into goals and finally keep the back door shut as well?
After Chelsea captain Gallagher charges through two challenges, he lets fly from a central position; however, Foderingham is easily equal to it and makes a straightforward save. Still, that's the game's first shot on target.
Mudryk sends over another corner-kick, but his cross is cut out at the near post. That's a real waste of a set-piece opportunity, and the pressure is relieved on Sheffield United.
So far, the Blades are defending the edge of their area with great commitment. Chelsea seemingly have no answer to their visitors' tactics, as the Blues' early energy has started to dissipate.
Some deft footwork from Mudryk on the left side of the area see the young winger earn a few feet of precious space; however, his low ball across the box is not met by a team-mate and Chelsea's attack comes to an end.
Mudryk is back on the ball again, but after driving inside from the flank he lashes a wild shot way over the crossbar, with Foderingham able to watch it sail far above his head and into the stand.
CLOSE! With one thing on his mind, Archer powers inside from the left and flashes a well-struck shot towards the top-right corner, and it only misses the target by a slim margin! Petrovic was scrambling across his goal there!
Showing great strength to hold off Bogle, the direct running and persistence of Mudryk almost pays off. He gets all the way to the left byline, but his pull-back is then hacked away from the six-yard box by Lowe.
McAtee slips a short pass through to the overlapping Bogle on the right edge of Chelsea's area, but the latter's low cross flashes along the hosts' six-yard box without another United team-mate arriving to turn it in. The away side are certainly posing some threat on the break.
Chelsea are still dictating the tempo, but there has been a distinct lack of clear chances to opening the scoring. It's a little too early, but some fans' thoughts will already be turning to the introduction of substitute Nkunku, who has a lot of hope resting on his shoulders.
For the third time in a matter of minutes, Jackson is caught offside. Chelsea's attacking rhythm is a little off at the moment, while Sheffield United are defending admirably.
Brooks is penalised for an almost comical foul on Mudryk inside the Chelsea area, as the Blues winger ends up balancing on his opponent's back before crashing down to the turf.
A loose touch from Palmer on the edge of the area lets the Blades off the hook. Bogle steps in with a vital interception, after the former Manchester City man was fed a low throughball by Gallagher.
GOOD GOALKEEPING! Racing off his line to slide the ball away from Jackson's path, Foderingham makes a crucial intervention on the edge of his area! It seemed the Senegal striker was clean though on goal, but United's goalkeeper was alert to the danger!
Having had just 21 per cent of possession so far, it has been a tiring first half for Sheffield United, who have had to suffer long spells without the ball. Can they hold out until half-time?
McAtee is shown a yellow card for a foul by the right touchline.
CLOSE! Finally, Jackson takes aim at goal, sprinting past two defenders at full tilt before swinging a shot wide of the right-hand post from the edge of the box! That's better.
Play has been halted as Vinicius Souza lies prone on the turf after being caught by Caicedo's flailing elbow. The Sheffield United midfielder is being checked over by the medics, but it seems no action will be taken against his opponent.
In the first of two minutes added for stoppages, Vinicius Souza is back on his feet and resumes his role in front of United's hard-working back four. The visitors are so close to keeping Chelsea at bay until half-time.
HALF-TIME: CHELSEA 0-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED
Short of inspiration but full of perspiration - particularly from a Sheffield United side who have barely had any of the ball - the first half at Stamford Bridge comes to a close. Chelsea's passing patterns have continually faltered in the final third, where a steel ring of defenders has kept Foderingham's area largely off limits, and they have managed just one shot on target. Chances have been few and far between at either end, and surely this game can only improve after the break?
United have now failed to score a first-half goal in 14 of their 17 league matches this season - the most blanks of any Premier League team before the break - and with an overall tally of just four away from home, how the first period panned out comes as no real surprise. It'll most likely be more of the same from Wilder's men after the interval, but how will Pochettino choose to change things - and when?
Chelsea kick off, and we are back under way at Stamford Bridge!
Chelsea start the second half on the front foot, as Caicedo's dangerous cross from the right is cut out; then, Badiashile and Sterling exchange passes on the left side of the area before ultimately losing the ball.
After a driving run by Gallagher opens up space, Palmer throws a few stepovers on the right side of the box and then has a low shot blocked by Trusty at the near post. Nothing comes of Chelsea's corner, though.
Sterling lays the ball off to Palmer in a central position, and presented with a distinct lack of options, the latter decides to try his luck from more than 20 yards out. However, his effort is heavily deflected and can easily be claimed by Foderingham.
For a clear foul on McAtee in midfield, Gallagher is the first Chelsea player booked today.
CHELSEA LEAD! It had been coming! Palmer's bright start to the second half is rewarded, as he arrives in the six-yard box to convert Sterling's low cross from the right! That's his sixth league goal of the season! It's now Chelsea 1-0 Sheffield United, and how will the Blades respond?
Bursting into the box, Sterling cuts a low ball back from the right for Palmer to finish off Chelsea's first goal.
GOAL STANDS! After a tense wait for Palmer's goal to be confirmed by the VAR, the referee indicates it will stand! There was no offside as suspected - Jackson was the possible culprit - so it's 1-0 to Chelsea early in the second half.
Wilder makes a change shortly after his side slip behind. Brooks will be replaced by a striker, Osula, who should join McBurnie up front.
THE BLUES BAG A SECOND! At the second attempt, Palmer picks out a decisive cross from the right - following a chaotic spell in the penalty area - and Jackson meets the ball with a close-range finish! What an impact young Palmer has had on this second half! It's 2-0 to Chelsea, and surely there's no coming back from here for Sheffield United?
After setting Sterling up for an initial shot, Palmer regains the ball and then coolly crosses from the right byline for Jackson to score.
Jackson celebrates again, after another VAR check approves his goal. The Senegal striker has now directly contributed to goals in each of his last three home games.
Bringing down Gallagher near the touchline results in a yellow card for Hamer.
Whatever Pochettino said at half-time has clearly worked, as Chelsea's previously static front line are now all over the Blades' back four. Palmer and Sterling in particularly have proved irrepressible - it's one-way traffic at Stamford Bridge.
Wilder makes a further change: Norwood comes on for McBurnie.
SHARP SAVE! Foderingham denies Sterling at close range, sprinting off his line to narrow the angle just as the England forward prodded a low effort towards goal! It's another smart stop from the Sheffield United goalkeeper.
With the points almost assured, Chelsea seek to shut up shop. Tricky winger Mudryk is replaced by Fernandez, who will add fresh legs to the hosts' midfield.
SAVE! Hamer sends a stinging free-kick towards the right-hand post from 20 yards out, but Petrovic dives full length to tip it wide, earning plaudits from his team-mates! It was perhaps heading wide in any case, but the Chelsea debutant didn't want to take any risks.
McAtee just fails to keep the ball in play on the byline, ending a promising move for the Blades, who have managed only one shot on target so far today.
Having arrived a split-second too late into a challenge on Fernandez, Lowe is booked by the referee.
Sterling has made a significant contribution to Chelsea's second-half uplift, but he now makes way for Broja.
Following his part in today's game, Sterling has been involved in 20 goals in his last 19 Premier League appearances against promoted sides, scoring 15 and assisting five.
Never quite in control or perfectly balanced, Gallagher tries his luck with a shot from just outside the box, which sails high and wide of the target. It's been a typically energetic display from Chelsea's stand-in skipper today.
Hamer is the latest Sheffield United man to be withdrawn, and Ben Slimane is introduced for the final 10 minutes plus stoppage time.
Although their intensity has understandably dropped, Chelsea are still totally controlling this game. United escape a penalty shout from the Blues' captain, as Gallagher topples over inside the area following a challenge from Vinicius Souza.
GLARING MISS! More fine work from Palmer, this time on the right, sets up a golden chance for substitute Broja to get his name on the scoresheet, but instead he somehow turns the ball over the crossbar from just a few yards out! What a miss - the Albania striker shakes his head in disbelief!
CLOSE! Another scintillating run by Palmer is only ended by a clear foul from Ahmedhodzic on the edge of the Blades' box. The England forward then peels himself off the turf and curls a delicate free-kick towards the bottom-right corner, forcing Foderingham to dive full length and tip the ball away!
McAtee almost steals the ball deep in Chelsea territory, but the Blues instead retain possession - they've had some 79 per cent of the ball in this game. Sheffield United have barely had a sniff.
After Broja's low shot is blocked behind for a corner, Lowe drops to the ground and indicates he will need medical attention. The action comes to a halt.
With Lowe back in the fray, Chelsea work the corner-kick short. Foderingham ultimately grasps Gallagher's rather aimless delivery from the left to his chest.
Having picked up the ball 30 yards from goal and then driven past Thiago Silva, Archer reaches the area and then skews a shot well wide of the left-hand post.
Pochettino makes two more substitutions: firstly, second-half star Palmer is replaced by Maatsen.
Gusto returns to action, coming on for Chelsea's leading goalscorer, Jackson.
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 2-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED
Ultimately cruising to a 2-0 win at Stamford Bridge, Chelsea move on from their away-day blues by beating a limited Sheffield United side - but not without struggling to break them down for the first 50 minutes. Shortly after the second half began, the hosts finally found their rhythm, with Sterling and particularly Palmer to the fore as they pinned the Blades back and continued to dominate the ball. Jackson struck for the seventh time in the Premier League this season, helping his team to edge back inside the top half of the table. United, meanwhile, remain rooted to the bottom. In midweek, Chelsea will host Newcastle United in the EFL quarter-finals, before visiting Wolves next Sunday; it doesn't get any easier for Sheffield United, who face a tough trip to Villa Park on Friday evening. That's all from today's live coverage, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Liverpool and Manchester United.
Liverpool headed into the weekend at the Premier League summit after a 2-1 comeback victory over Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park last week. Mohamed Salah scored his 200th goal for the club in that come-from-behind triumph, sending the Reds a point clear at the top of the league. However, victory for Arsenal against Brighton and an ill-tempered win for Aston Villa over Brentford earlier on Sunday saw Jurgen Klopp’s side drop to third before kick-off at Anfield. Liverpool were, of course, 7-0 winners in this exact fixture last season and would regain top spot with another derby triumph.
Pressure has mounted on Erik ten Hag in recent weeks, despite the United boss winning the Premier League’s Manager of the Month for November. The Red Devils were humiliated 3-0 at home to Bournemouth in their last league outing before crashing out of Europe altogether after a 1-0 home defeat to Bayern Munich left them bottom of their Champions League group on Tuesday. Ten Hag’s men still sat sixth in the league table heading into this weekend’s fixtures, although pockets of United supporters appear to be getting frustrated – this game will be pivotal for the Manchester visitors, who need to banish their Anfield demons to keep the noise down around Ten Hag’s future at Old Trafford.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Alisson; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil van Dijk, Kostas Tsimikas; Dominik Szoboszlai, Wataru Endo, Ryan Gravenberch; Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez, Luis Diaz.
SUBSTITUTES: Cody Gakpo, Jarell Quansah, Adrian, Harvey Elliott, James McConnel, Conor Bradley, Joe Gomez, Caoimhin Kelleher, Curtis Jones.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-3-3): Andre Onana; Diogo Dalot, Jonny Evans, Raphael Varane, Luke Shaw; Kobbie Mainoo, Scott McTominay, Sofyan Amrabat; Antony, Rasmus Hojlund, Alejandro Garnacho.
SUBSTITUTES: Altay Bayindir, Hannibal Mejbri, Facundo Pellistri, Daniel Gore, Willy Kambwala, Marcus Rashford, Donny van de Beek, Sergio Reguilon, Aaron Wan-Bissaka.
Klopp opts for only one alteration to his last starting line-up in the Premier League against Palace. Young centre-back Quansah drops to the bench, with Konate taking his place alongside Van Dijk. Further forward, Salah, Nunez and Diaz start in a front three that will aim to put United to the sword once more. Alexis Mac Allister, Joel Matip, Thiago Alcantara, Diogo Jota, Stefan Bajcetic and Andy Robertson remain sidelined for the Reds.
Ten Hag makes four alterations to his side that suffered a disappointing defeat against Bournemouth. Bruno Fernandes is suspended, while Anthony Martial and Harry Maguire are out injured. Reguilon is named as a substitute, with Evans, Varane, Mainoo and Hojlund all returning to the starting XI. McTominay captains United in Fernandes' absence, while Rashford is only deemed fit enough to make the bench for the visitors.
Liverpool are unbeaten in their last seven Premier League home games against United (W4 D3), winning the last two by an aggregate score of 11-0. They last had a longer run without a league defeat at Anfield against them between 1970 and 1979 (nine). Can the Reds improve on that remarkable record here? We’re about to find out as kick-off approaches…
Referee Michael Oliver gets this Premier League game underway at Anfield! The expectant Liverpool crowd will fancy a repeat of last season’s 7-0 humiliation at this very ground against United.
Liverpool race out the blocks as Dalot turns behind for a corner with just 15 seconds on the clock. Tsimikas delivers before United eventually clear, but Amrabat then needlessly hacks Gravenberch down and concedes a free-kick in a dangerous wide position.
Careful! Tsimikas' wide free-kick causes some problems for United as Onana comes and fails to claim before Amrabat scrambles a clearance off his own line. This is exactly the start that Anfield wanted.
Szoboszlai angles a low cross towards Nunez and Evans has to slide to turn behind for a corner. Liverpool go short before Mainoo blocks behind for another set-piece. A frantic opening!
Salah hovers at the back post and redirects a hopeful left-footed volley towards the top-right corner. Onana stands and watches as Nunez fails to stretch and trouble the United goal.
Ten Hag's side embark on their first attack as Dalot whips out to Antony, who cuts inside from the right flank before his left-footed shot is blocked by Tsimikas. That could help settle the United nerves on Merseyside.
Onana stutters, seemingly tripping, but evades Diaz inside his own six-yard area. The Anfield crowd are interested for a moment before the former Inter goalkeeper manages to coolly play out from the back.
OVER! Mainoo shows composure belying his young age before finding Antony, who cuts inside and finds McTominay. The stand-in United captain offloads to Garnacho inside the area before the winger hooks a poor right-footed attempt over the crossbar.
CHANCE! Szoboszlai fancies his chances from long range as Diaz sets the Hungary international, who rifles a right-footed effort over Onana's target. This has been a great opening to what was billed as a one-sided contest in the build-up at Anfield.
United have failed to score in their last four Premier League away games against Liverpool. They last had a longer run without an away league goal against an opponent between 1969 and 1974 (six versus Everton). Can Ten Hag's side arrest that woeful run here?
Alexander-Arnold fails to make the most of a good wide position and curls a poor right-footed cross out for a United goal-kick. Liverpool have not capitalised on their fast start, at least just yet.
SO CLOSE! Alexander-Arnold stands up a right-sided cross towards the back post, where Tsimikas heads back across goal. Diaz and Gravenberch are in close company as Onana parries unconvincingly before Salah's point-blank effort deflects just wide of the right post!
Corner after corner. This time, Dalot prods behind on the right of the United defence. Szoboszlai delivers the set-piece but Amrabat heads away.
Diaz drives inside from the left flank before Salah's left-footed strike is blocked by a covering Shaw. The Egypt international then wins a corner on the right wing, which Alexander-Arnold will take.
A loose ball pings around the United area as Van Dijk attempts three times to breach the Red Devils' defence. Somehow, Evans and Varane stand firm to protect Onana's goal.
Garnacho falls to the floor on the left-hand side under pressure from Alexander-Arnold. The United winger is not too pleased when referee Oliver shakes his head and waves play on, much to the delight of the Anfield crowd.
The Liverpool bench are furious as Nunez is cautioned for barging straight into Evans before volleying the ball away after the whistle. The Reds' striker then sarcastically applauds the match officials, perhaps running the risk of further punishment.
Tensions are rising at Anfield as Tsimikas ushers Antony out the way before the left-back and United winger have a little tussle off the pitch. This is a true derby atmosphere and, for the time being, Ten Hag's men are standing up to the challenge.
Mainoo, still quietly going about his business, tracks back well to defend against Diaz on the left flank. The 18-year-old midfielder looks the part, despite the huge pressure that this famous Premier League clash brings with it.
It's so wasteful from Salah, whose offload towards Szoboszlai races out for a United goal-kick. For all their fast start, Liverpool have not troubled the visitors as much in the last 10 minutes or so.
Mainoo joins Nunez in the referee's book after slicing Endo down with a lunging slide tackle. The Anfield crowd bay for a red card but referee Oliver is not going to be swayed by the vociferous atmosphere.
GOOD STOP! Alexander-Arnold crashes a cross into Shaw, who turns behind for Liverpool's seventh corner of the game. The Reds' right-back delivers towards the far post, where Van Dijk's header is parried over by a two-handed Onana stop.
Konate cannot muster an on-target attempt from Alexander-Arnold's next corner, which was Liverpool's eight of the game before the half-hour mark! Klopp needs his side to make these set-piece opportunities count.
United have failed to win any of their last 13 Premier League away games against sides starting the day in the top eight of the table (D3 L10) since beating Tottenham 3-0 under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in October 2021. Ten Hag's men have not buckled under the pressure at Anfield yet, though.
Garnacho nudges Alexander-Arnold in the back after Varane's long free-kick, conceding a needless foul deep inside Liverpool's half. The United winger does not need to offer referee Oliver easy decisions such as that one.
Diaz marauds down the left flank, gliding inside before Amrabat pulls the Liverpool winger down. The United midfielder can have no complaints for the yellow card that follows his challenge.
WIDE! Tsimikas' free-kick is cleared by Varane, whose header falls to Gravenberch on the edge of the area. The former Ajax midfielder volleys a first-time right-footed effort that Mainoo heads behind for a corner in front of Onana's goal.
BIG CHANCE! Konate should do better. The Liverpool centre-back gets on the end of Tsimikas' corner but heads comfortably over from near the penalty spot. The France international could, and perhaps should, have opened the scoring there but failed to make Onana work.
Salah has scored 12 goals in 12 games against United for Liverpool; it’s the most goals he’s scored against an opponent for the club, and the most goals any Reds player has ever scored against the Red Devils. The Egypt international has been very quiet so far, however.
Onana arrows a wayward pass out for a throw-in when searching for Shaw. The United goalkeeper cannot keep making simple mistakes and inviting pressure from Liverpool, who will continue to press the former Inter man if he continues to appear in lacking confidence.
SAVE! Alexander-Arnold has acres of space on the right-hand side before pulling back to Salah, whose left-footed shot is easy to save for Onana as the United goalkeeper gets down to his left. Tsimikas was, perhaps, the better option to the left of goal for the Liverpool winger there.
Salah knows what he is doing after dragging Garnacho down with Alexander-Arnold out of position. The Liverpool forward kicks the ball away, too, but referee Oliver does not see that as enough to caution him.
Diaz speeds away down the centre before releasing Nunez, who takes an age before his right-footed shot is eventually blocked in front of Onana's goal. Yet again, Tsimikas marauded forward but was ignored as a wide option inside the area.
There will be two additional minutes to end what has been an underwhelming half for Liverpool at Anfield.
Nunez looks perplexed but can only blame himself for a needless offside that allows United to eat into the additional minutes added on. Gravenberch then fells Mainoo, offering the visitors one last chance to send a long free-kick into the area.
Nasty one! Amrabat stoops to dive towards a loose ball and is greeted by a lunging boot of Endo, who is shown a yellow card for his late challenge to regain possession. United will end the half with a free-kick around 30 yards from goal, which comes to nothing.
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 0-0 MANCHESTER UNITED
An underwhelming first half comes to an end as Liverpool and United head in goalless at half-time of this Premier League clash. Van Dijk and Konate both went close with headed chances, the former drawing a smart save from Onana, while the visitors have offered little in the way of attacking at the other end. Klopp's side have lacked quality in the final third, too, and the Reds must improve in the second half at Anfield.
The hosts enjoyed nine corners in the first half yet failed to make any of those set-piece opportunities count. Klopp will be demanding his side improve from those chances, while Salah, Nunez and Diaz must find a way to test the United defence more in the next period. For Ten Hag, the United manager will be pleased with his team's resilience, despite the Red Devils looking way off the pace when they venture into Liverpool's final third.
The second half is underway at Anfield!
WIDE! Tsimikas' left-wing delivery goes all the way through to Salah, who cuts back for Alexander-Arnold. The Liverpool right-back races towards the right of goal, evading the attention of Varane, before drilling a low right-footed attempt into the side-netting.
Hojlund had just four touches in the first half, which highlights just how little United offered in attack. Ten Hag's side will sit in for this next period, too, but how long can they hold tight?
Salah angles a low cross towards the near post but Onana claims in front of the onrushing Nunez. This second half has started exactly as the first did, with Liverpool in the ascendancy.
Van Dijk nudges through the back of Hojlund and concedes a needless free-kick near the halfway line. The United striker has had little to work with but needs to keep finding those pockets of space where possible.
A well-timed Dalot tackle thwarts Diaz on the edge of the United area just as the Colombia winger looked to move inside and open up a shooting opportunity with his right foot.
GREAT OPENING! Mainoo tears apart the Reds' defence with a wonderful curling ball inside the left-hand channel. Garnacho springs free of Alexander-Arnold and aims to burst into the area before the Liverpool right-back recovers at the vital moment to protect Alisson's goal.
United are without Fernandes for this trip to Anfield due to suspension – this season he’s been involved in 33 per cent of their league goals (6/18), more than any other player for them, while across the league he ranks first for chances created (47) and second for expected assists (5.2) behind only Kieran Trippier (5.4). They have not missed the Portugal international too much, at least for the time being.
Salah works a smart pass inside from the right-hand side but Nunez is, yet again, caught offside. The Liverpool striker has to offer more for his team leading the line.
Salah clips over the top for Szoboszlai, who goes down under pressure from Amrabat inside the United area. Referee Oliver immediately shakes his head to refuse the penalty appeals, while the Hungary international is perhaps fortunate to avoid a caution.
Gravenberch goes down off the ball with what appears to be a muscle injury and it looks like that could be the end of the Liverpool midfielder's game. The former Bayern Munich man trudges towards the touchline and it seems like he will not be returning.
Klopp is forced to make his first change of the game as Gravenberch limps off for Gakpo.
Szoboszlai also makes way for defender Gomez in a move that will likely see Alexander-Arnold move from right-back to midfield.
Gomez enjoys a first motor down the right-hand side from full-back but his right-footed cross is cleared away by Varane. United have just under 30 minutes to see this out for a crucial point, or could the Red Devils even snatch an unlikely goal?
SAVE! Gomez speeds down the right flank from Alexander-Arnold's pass before cutting back for Salah. The Liverpool winger spins outside the area before his left-footed curling attempt is held well by Onana.
Tsimikas needlessly fells Antony in an aerial duel, halting Liverpool's momentum after that Salah chance. The hosts' three-man attack are playing incredibly narrow at the moment, with Klopp seemingly thinking that's the best way to open up the United defence.
SO, SO CLOSE! Gakpo offloads from the right to Salah, who takes his time before teeing a simple pass to his left. Alexander-Arnold drives a low right-footed effort towards the bottom-left corner that sails narrowly wide of the post. Onana was completely unsighted there but the Red Devils escape without punishment!
It's poor from Gakpo, who spins from outside the area before dragging a woeful right-footed effort well wide of Onana's target. The Liverpool substitute chose the selfish option there.
UNITED CHANCE! Finally, the Red Devils go on the attack and they should arguably have scored, too. Antony plays inside to McTominay, who touches through into the area for Hojlund. The United striker smashes a right-footed strike straight at Alisson's chest from close range, however, and Liverpool remain level.
A lunging Evans blocks from Gakpo on the edge of the area before United race away on the counter-attack. Antony sets McTominay but Van Dijk steps in at the crucial time to intervene.
ANOTHER SAVE! Onana moves his feet quickly to dive to his right and parry away as Salah looked to curl a left-footed attempt into the top-left corner after dancing past Varane. Down the other end, McTominay whips a right-footed strike over Alisson's goal. This is end-to-end stuff now!
Ten Hag looks to his bench, sending Rashford on for Garnacho. The England winger will fancy his chances against makeshift right-back Gomez, especially on the counter-attack with Liverpool sending men forward in search of a late goal.
Salah has either scored (17 goals) or assisted (four assists) a goal in each of his last 16 Premier League games at Anfield for Liverpool. A late goal or assist in this game will make this the joint-second longest run of home appearances with a goal involvement by any player in the competition (17, level with Alan Shearer from April 1996 to May 1997 and Thierry Henry from November 2002 to October 2003) and put him behind only Shearer (18 from March 1995 to February 1996).
Klopp and his Reds are heading into last-chance saloon against fierce rivals United. Liverpool still have time, although the clock continues to tick down at Anfield, where the home crowd will have been expecting far more than this performance.
Liverpool have reverted to a 4-2-4 formation, with Endo and Alexander-Arnold the only holding midfielders for the Reds. Ten Hag can surely sense an opportunity on the counter-attack, though do United have the quality to make the chances count?
WHAT A CHANCE! Onana hurries a clearance and slices out of play for a throw-in that Liverpool take quickly. Salah releases Nunez from a one-two before the Liverpool striker inadvertently squares across for Diaz. The Colombia winger cannot slide under the onrushing Onana, though, as the United goalkeeper combines with Evans and Amrabat to deflect behind for a corner.
STRAIGHT AT ONANA! Diaz keeps possession alive from a corner as a loose ball cannons around the United area from the left-sided cross. Konate, of all people, turns near the penalty spot before smashing a right-footed strike into the grasp of Onana, who saves comfortably down the middle of his goal. A huge chance for the Reds goes amiss.
Seemingly unsettled by the end-to-end nature of this clash, Klopp brings off winger Diaz for midfielder Jones.
Elliott, who was the difference at Palace in Liverpool's last league outing, is also introduced for Nunez after an underwhelming performance from the Liverpool striker.
An 11th corner of the game comes for Liverpool on the left-hand side. Tsimikas delivers but Van Dijk's header is never troubling Onana.
The tension is palpable inside Anfield as Antony beats Alexander-Arnold before his low cross finds Rashford, who cannot find space to test Alisson. United still look a threat on the counter-attack with this game far from over for both sides.
Gomez lets fly with a rocketed right-footed strike that hits Shaw before Endo fails to find Gakpo and passes out of play. That pause will allow United to make two more changes.
The 18-year-old Mainoo, who has again impressed for United, makes way for Mejbri. The Red Devils' youngster will inject some much-needed energy into Ten Hag's midfield.
Ten Hag keeps the youthful theme to his double change by sending on Pellistri for Antony, who again offered the visitors little down the right-hand side.
Liverpool have won all seven of their Premier League games at Anfield this season, only in 2019-20 (first 17) have the Reds began a Premier League campaign with a longer home winning run. Klopp’s side are also averaging three goals per game at home in the league this term (21 goals), their most in a single season in the competition, but have struggled to break past this United defence somehow.
Salah releases Gakpo but the former PSV forward smashes a right-footed strike straight at Varane, who deflects behind for a corner on the right flank. Can Liverpool finally make a set-piece chance count?
HANDBALL?! The Anfield crowd are adamant they should have a penalty as Tsimikas' left-wing cross bounces up and catches the arm of Shaw. The United left-back was unsighted by a jumping Konate and the referee, in agreement with the VAR, waves play on.
Salah bursts down the right before rolling through for Gomez, who blasts into the side-netting. Of course, Liverpool would have much preferred that to have been Alexander-Arnold in that position!
Shaw is incredibly fortunate to escape a red card after an ill-timed, high and late sliding challenge from behind on Konate. The United left-back was stopping the counter-attack but an ugly tackle could have arguably brought further punishment from referee Oliver, who sticks with the caution for Shaw.
Varane stands firm to head away Alexander-Arnold's first cross before the right-back's second delivery is poor and goes out for a goal-kick. That sums up Liverpool's lack of quality in the final third against United.
There will be five additional minutes to end this clash at Anfield. Can Liverpool find a late winner, or will United hold on for a vital point to ease the pressure on manager Ten Hag?
Careful! Rashford lunges and follows through with a clattering sliding challenge, catching Tsimikas high on the ankle just outside the Red Devils' area. The England winger goes into referee Oliver's book but, again like Shaw, that tackle was so needless for United's cause.
GAKPO SHOULD DO MORE! Alexander-Arnold clips a delicate right-sided free-kick towards the penalty spot but Gakpo misses a great chance by flicking a header well over the target. The Netherlands international had to at least test Onana from close range there.
Dalot throws his arms wildly in the air to protest a throw-in decision, with referee Oliver showing a yellow card for his initial show of dissent. Hold on, though, as there's another card coming...
DALOT IS SENT OFF! Referee Oliver takes a no-nonsense approach here. The United right-back gestures wildly after an initial throw-in decision goes against him, with a yellow card immediately shown. Seemingly punished for getting further involved, Oliver shows a second yellow card to Dalot in quick succession and United will end this game with 10 men at Anfield! What has the Portugal international said there... and, more importantly, what is he thinking?!
Onana is in no rush to take a goal-kick as United look to stay on level terms with a one-man disadvantage. Wan-Bissaka is being readied on the bench but will Ten Hag even get chance to send him on?
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 0-0 MANCHESTER UNITED
An underwhelming Premier League clash between Liverpool and United ends goalless after both sides lacked the required quality to secure victory. The Reds move up to second in the league table, one point behind leaders Arsenal and clear of third-placed Aston Villa on goal difference, while United sit seventh after the weekend’s top-flight action. Klopp will see this Anfield clash as a missed opportunity, with the Reds accumulating 2.35 expected goals (xG) to United’s 0.63. Van Dijk and Konate both went close in the first half, while Salah on his own forced four saves from Onana, who also did well to deny Diaz from close range in the second period. The Red Devils were effectively classed as rank outsiders for this derby but could have stolen the win through Hojlund had the striker not fired straight at Alisson towards the end of the game. A brainless Dalot dismissal, sent off for back-to-back yellow cards for two acts of successive dissent, caused a few nerves for Ten Hag at the end but United held on, easing the pressure on their manager after a tough week. United are next at West Ham on Saturday, when Liverpool host Arsenal for a top-of-the-table tussle in their next league outing. That is all for now, until next time! Goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Manchester City and Crystal Palace at the Etihad Stadium!
City are looking to close the gap to the table before they go off to play in the Club World Cup, and a win here would lift them into second, above Arsenal on goal difference. They were winless in four in the Premier League (D3 L1) but managed to turn things around with a comeback win against Luton Town last time out in the competition (2-1). They come into this game on the back of finishing a perfect Champions League campaign with their win over Red Star Belgrade and will be looking to follow that up with another three points here after drawing their last two league games at home against Liverpool and Tottenham.
As for Palace, they sit at the other end of the table and are looking to end a winless run of their own. They haven't managed a victory in their last five outings (D1 L4), even dropping the lead to lose 2-1 to Liverpool last weekend. They've actually won just one of their previous nine matches (D2 L6), and have a poor record against City, winning just two of their last 16 games against the Citizens. Both of those victories did come at the Etihad though.
MANCHESTER CITY STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Ruben Dias, Nathan Ake, Josko Gvardiol; Rodri, Rico Lewis; Bernardo Silva, Phil Foden, Jack Grealish; Julian Alvarez.
MANCHESTER CITY SUBS: Kalvin Phillips, Manuel Akanji, Sergio Gomez, Matheus Nunes, Stefan Ortega, Mateo Kovacic, Oscar Bobb, John Stones, Mahamadou Susoho.
CRYSTAL PALACE STARTING XI (5-4-1): Dean Henderson; Nathaniel Clyne, Joel Ward, Joachim  Andersen, Marc Guehi, Tyrick Mitchell; Michael Olise, Jairo Riedewald, Chris Richards, Jeffrey Schlupp; Jean-Philippe Mateta.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: Naouirou Ahamada, Matheus Franca, James Tomkins, Eberechi Eze, David Ozoh, Tayo Adaramola, Malcolm Ebiowei, Remi Matthews, Ademola Ola-Adebomi.
After making wholesale changes for the Champions League game in midweek, Pep Guardiola goes back to the side that beat Luton last weekend with just one swap. Lewis comes into midfield in place of Kovacic, who drops to the bench. Grealish is the only one to have started both previous games, and he's shaken off a knock to retain his place. They're still without Erling Haaland and Jeremy Doku through injury though.
Roy Hodgson makes five changes from their defeat to Liverpool last Saturday and they're all enforced. Sam Johnstone, Odsonne Edouard, Jefferson Lerma and Will Hughes are all injured, while Jordan Ayew is suspended, so they're all out. Henderson and Mitchell return from injury to start, with Olise, Riedewald and Mateta also being brought in.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Olise gets the game under way for Palace!
City knock it neatly through Palace, but Grealish comes back from an offside position to pick out Foden. Henderson takes the resulting free-kick, sending it long, but he fouls Ake when he tries to hold him off.
Andersen is too casual when Henderson plays it out to him and Grealish pounces onto it. He's the furthest forward so has to go back, and Palace can breathe a sigh of relief when Rodri plays it straight out of play.
GOOD SAVE! Silva touches it back to Walker, who floats a lovely cross onto the edge of the six-yard box. Alvarez gets a glancing touch with his head, and Henderson stretches to tip it wide for a corner.
City's first corner results in a quick second, and Alvarez curls this one deep to the far post. Ake nods it back into the crowd and Dias stretches to poke it back out to the Dutchman, but he was caught on his heels.
CHANCE! Walker's low, fizzed cross is blocked by Guehi, and it rebounds back out to Dias on the edge of the box. He catches the shot sweetly, but it's just too high as it sails over the bar.
WIDE! Dias stops Schlupp in his tracks, and he sets Lewis on the counter. He takes it to the edge of the D before teeing up Rodri, but his first-time shot flies wide of the far post.
Since Guardiola was appointed City manager, only Manchester United (three) have won more away league games against the Citizens than Palace (two).
It's a brilliant run from Grealish down the left as he just breezes down the wing before teeing up Foden. That's when Palace decide to get touch-tight, and he has no space to work in.
BLOCK! Silva touches it into the byline for Lewis to pull back, and his low ball causes all sorts of confusion. It pinballs off Mateta to Foden, whose first-time shot hits Guehi, and his block just rolls wide of the far post.
City are upping the pressure and keeping Palace penned back deep in their own half. Silva is already getting a lot of joy down the right, spinning past Mitchell with some clever footwork, but his cross is cleared by Andersen.
City have already had 75 per cent possession in the first 20 minutes, and they're continuing to patiently try and open up space. Palace's switch to a back five looks to be working perfectly so far.
Grealish leaves the ball behind in a turn, and Olise instantly sets off on the counter. He has support to his left and looks for Schlupp, but his first touch forces him wide, and City comfortably deal with the danger.
GREALISH SCORES! It's a lovely worked goal by City! Grealish touches it out to Dias, who isn't put under any pressure by Palace and he's able to pick out Foden on the edge of the D. He pulls off a lovely turn before sliding it through to Grealish, who drills his low shot across goal and into the far bottom corner. VAR checks it for offside, and he just times his run. 1-0 City!
It's a wonderful turn by Foden on the edge of the D, and he kees the ball glued to his boot as he does, allowing him to spot Grealish's run.
From one angle, Grealish looked to be standing in an offside position, but as VAR changes view, it looks a lot tighter than it originally did. It takes them a long time to draw the lines in, but when they do, it shows that he was just onside. The goal stands!
City quickly win it back from the restart and go back to their patient play until Riedewald steps in to win it back in midfield. He looks to set Mateta on his way, but the linesman's flag cuts it short.
GOOD SAVE! The midfield is very compact, so when Dias can't pick out a short pass, he clips it over the top, where Gvardiol has gotten between two of the centre-backs. He drills his shot on goal, but Henderson gets behind it to smother the effort.
Mateta is truly playing as a lone striker, and when Palace do manage to get the ball to him, he's struggling. He holds it up well against Walker this time, but has nobody to pick out in support, meaning City win it straight back.
While defending a free-kick, Ward slips awkwardly and the medical team are quickly rushed onto the field. He hands the captain's armband to Guehi as he gets back to his feet, and Palace's injury woes get worse.
Ward makes his way straight off the pitch with the physio, and 18-year-old Ozoh is brought on in his place.
CLOSE! Silva gets the better of Mitchell down the right again, and his cross is only flicked on as far as Gvardiol on the far side. He brings it down before hitting it on the half-volley, but a nick off Ozoh helps it into the side netting.
Grealish has scored in three consecutive Premier League games for the first time, with each goal giving Manchester City the lead.
The ball is there to be won, but Ake just gets there ahead of Andersen's sliding challenge. There isn't too much contact, but the Dane is shown the first yellow card of the game.
CLOSE! Silva's floated free-kick is glanced on by Richards at the far post, and Lewis keeps it alive on the right. He touches it back to Foden, who tries his luck from range, coming close as it skims just wide of the top corner and into the side netting.
It's a great throughball from Olise, and Ederson hesitates, despite already being a long way off his line. In the end, he gets there after Mateta, swiping his legs out from under him, and he goes into the book.
SO CLOSE! Olise steps up to take the free-kick just outside the box and he isn't far away! He lifts his effort over the wall and it has Ederson scrambling, but it sails just over the bar, landing on the roof of the net.
Into the first of five added minutes here, and City are back to camping out in Palace's half. The visitors are slow to close them down, not wanting to lose their shape to gift their opponents any space.
Palace are attempting to counter once more, but when Mateta touches it out to Olise, he has three City players around him. He can't get far, but does manage to win a free-kick when he's nudged over by Gvardiol.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 1-0 CRYSTAL PALACE.
Grealish's goal gives City a 1-0 lead over Palace at half-time. The hosts dominated from the first whistle, but after Henderson was forced into a good save to deny Alvarez early on, City struggled to create anything clear-cut until something a little special. Foden's lovely turn on the edge of the D opened up the space to slide in Grealish, who picked out the bottom corner and was shown to be just onside by VAR. At the other end, Palace's best chance came from a free-kick given away by Ederson, but Olise's shot was just too high.
For the majority of the first 45 minutes, it was all one team, even if City did struggle to break down their opponents more often. Guardiola will be after more of the same, just with a more clinical edge. As for Palace, they started to show glimpses of the problems they could cause, and Hodgson will be looking for them to pick up where they left off in an attempt to get back into this game.
City get us back under way for the second half!
City have started the second half in similar vain to the first, but a sloppy pass from Gvardiol gifts it to Olise. He surges down the right but has to wait too long for support, so his eventual cross is cut out.
All of City's outfield players created a chance in the first half against Palace. This is the first time on record (2006-07 onwards) that 10 different players have created a chance for one team in the first half of a Premier League game.
NO GOAL! Grealish won a free-kick just outside the box on the left and Alvarez floats a lovely cross straight into the far post. Rodri had just stepped up too early though and ducks under the ball. He's judged to be interfering with play, and the goal is ruled out. Still 1-0 City!
LEWIS SCORES! And that one will count! Grealish cuts inside from the left and carries it to the edge of the box before looking for Foden. His first touch loops up between Rodri and Lewis, but it's the latter who takes the chance, volleying it past Henderson and into the back of the net. After a quick VAR check for offside, the goal stands! 2-0 City!
Palace look a little shaky after City's latest spell, and Henderson sloppily puts the ball out of play. The Citizens are pushing forward with intent once more, but the visitors aren't as compact as they once were.
City win their sixth corner of the game, and Alvarez looks to pick out Gvardiol in the middle once more. He glances his header towards goal, but Henderson is able to hold onto it.
Ozoh tries to keep Palace's rare chance to attack alive, but Foden is just too quick for him. Both Riedewald and Richards try to stop him from mounting a counter, but give away a free-kick in the centre circle.
Palace just can't get out of their own half at the moment, and they're hesitant to press high upfield. The City centrebacks are allowed to carry it a long way, and their passes over the top are causing a few problems.
GREAT SAVE! Foden is scrambling to reach the ball after a loose touch, but it ends up being a good set-up for Silva. He hits it first time, curling his long-range shot towards the far post, and at full stretch, Henderson tips it wide.
Henderson hurt himself making that save, and he's complaining about a muscle problem. Having just come back from injury, Hodgson might be worried about him, but the keeper is back on his feet to carry on.
Palace's best out ball has been Olise all game, and he has another chance to run down the right. He has to hold it up again as support is slow to get up, and that gives Rodri the chance to stop him from getting into the box.
Grealish and Gvardiol are linking up well down the left, but City are once again struggling to put the ball into the box. They switch it out to the right and back again, but a sloppy pass from Rodri eases the pressure on Palace.
Palace have everyone apart from Mateta back in their own box to continue to deny City any hope of passing it into the goal. Silva is still trying to make something happen down the right, but can't dribble past Mitchell.
Olise sets off down the right again, and gets the better of Ake as he pulls it back to Ozoh. Just like every time before, there are more sky blue shirts flooding back, and Palace can't do anything with it.
It's Dias who pushes forward down the right for City now, and he gets a yard on Mitchell to drill a low cross into the six-yard box. It's too close to Henderson though, and the keeper turns it away with an outstretched leg.
MATETA PULLS ONE BACK! Out of nowhere, Palace are level! Richards plays it long over the top from inside his own half, and Walker just switches off as Schlupp darts between him and Dias. The winger plays the cross through Dias' legs and Mateta is completely free in the middle of the six-yard box to tap it into an empty net. 2-1!
It's a great run from Schlupp off the back of Walker, and he draws Ederson towards the ball as well, leaving the space for Mateta to attack his cross.
City uncharacteristically get a little sloppy with the ball, and Palace are enjoying their best spell of possession here. It's all deep in their own half though, and they don't look quite sure how to get themselves upfield.
Grealish plays himself out of a tight spot well, and Rodri benefits by sweeping it out to Silva in space down the right. His touch lets him down for the first time today, and he can't stop the ball from rolling out of play.
Palace are making a double change now. Riedewald is the first to go off, with Ahamada on in his place.
And for something different up front, he's bringing on Franca in place of Schlupp.
Ozoh does brilliantly to hold off Gvardiol and keep the ball in play, but Olise is fouled by Ake when he's played in. He tries to take the free-kick quickly, but slips as he does, giving City a chance to get back.
After another patient spell of possession in front of Palace, Lewis goes for a more direct option with a long ball down the right. It's too heavy for Silva though, and Henderson is able to claim it.
GOOD SAVE! Foden comes up with another bit of brilliant play that opens up the space ahead of him. He works it out to the right, with Silva cutting inside before curling a shot on goal that Henderson stretches to tip away.
Palace look tired and there's not a lot of movement in front of City, who are passing it between their defenders. Olise has a half-hearted attempt at a press, but the hosts easily pass their way around him.
It's a poor pass from Ederson, and Olise cuts it out, pushing Gvardiol aside so that he can swing in a cross. He gets too much on it in his haste though, curling it straight out of play.
Palace's final change of the game sees Eze making his return from an ankle injury in place of Clyne for the four minutes of stoppage time.
PENALTY TO PALACE! Franca's cross caused City all sorts of problems, and Richards can only knock it onto Mateta. He sees Foden coming and touches the ball away before getting a kick to the shin. The referee points straight to the spot, and City are furious. Palace have the chance to snatch a late point here!
OLISE SCORES! Palace equalise in the final minute! It's cool as you like from the Frenchman, who takes a short run-up to the spot, and stutters just before striking the ball. He slots it down the left side of the goal, and Ederson, who had already shifted his weight the opposite way, can only watch it roll into the bottom corner. 2-2!
City have been waiting to make this change since the first minute of stoppage time, and they can finally bring Stones on for Lewis.
Eze goes down cheaply near the corner flag under pressure from Gvardiol to win a late free-kick. It's whipped in by Olise, but he can't pick out a team-mate in the crowd in the middle.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 2-2 CRYSTAL PALACE.
Olise's stoppage-time penalty snatches a late point for Palace as they come from behind to draw 2-2 with City. The first half was dominated by the Citizens, and Grealish gave them a deserved lead with a low finish into the bottom corner which was ruled just onside by VAR. After the break, Alvarez had a goal ruled out due to Rodri ducking under his free-kick from an offside position, but Lewis did double their lead moments later with a lovely volley. In the 76th minute, Mateta pulled one back for Palace with their first shot on target as he tapped Schlupp's cross into an empty net, and he won the penalty in the final minute when Foden kicked his shin. Olise coolly slotted it in to deny City the win. Guardiola's side miss the chance to move second as they register their third consecutive home draw, and they stay fourth, three points off Liverpool. Next up for them is Urawa Reds in the Club World Cup semi-final on Tuesday. It's a huge point for Palace given their recent run of form. They stay in 15th as they turn their attention to Brighton at home on Thursday. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Newcastle United and Fulham at St James' Park.
It has been a rough couple of weeks for Newcastle, who have lost their last three in a row in all competitions. The most recent of those was a 2-1 loss to Milan in midweek that saw their hopes of Champions League progression ended, and Eddie Howe will be hoping for a response from his players here to boost the Magpies' chances of European qualification come the end of the season.
Fulham, meanwhile, arrive at St James' Park very much in form, winning three of their last four, including the last two by a 5-0 scoreline. All three of those wins came at Craven Cottage, though, and the Londoners will be bidding to win for just the second time away from home in the Premier League this season.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Martin Dubravka; Valentino Livramento, Jamaal Lascelles, Fabian Schar, Dan Burn; Sean Longstaff, Bruno Guimaraes, Joelinton; Miguel Almiron, Callum Wilson, Anthony Gordon.
SUBS: Lewis Hall, Alex Murphy, Lewis Miley, Mark Gillespie, Loris Karius, Paul Dummett, Emil Krafth, Sven Botman, Matt Ritchie.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Tosin Adarabioyo, Issa Diop, Antonee Robinson; Joao Palhinha, Tom Cairney; Alex Iwobi, Andreas Pereira, Harry Wilson; Raul Jimenez.
SUBS: Fode Ballo-Toure, Rodrigo Muniz, Carlos Vinicius, Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Harrison Reed, Marek Rodak, Kenny Tete, Sasa Lukic, Willian.
Howe makes two changes from the side that started the defeat to Milan, with Burn fit enough to play from the off for the first time since early November. He comes in for the suspended Kieran Trippier, while Longstaff starts ahead of Miley in midfield. Botman returns on the bench having missed time through injury, while Alexander Isak is absent from the squad.
Marco Silva also goes with two alterations from his team's last outing, a 5-0 thumping of West Ham. Willian went off injured in that win and drops to the bench here, with Wilson the man to start in his place. Calvin Bassey misses out through illness, with Diop coming in for him. Jimenez starts up top having scored three times in Fulham's last two matches.
The two sets of players make their way onto the pitch at St James' Park ahead of this vital Premier League clash. Can Newcastle get back to winning ways? Or will Fulham continue their purple patch? We will find out shortly!
The visitors kick us off and we are under way in Newcastle!
Newcastle are looking to get on the front foot early on, with Fulham largely penned back so far. Howe will be desperate for an early goal as his team look to respond to their European disappointment.
WIDE! Schar tries his luck with a free-kick from range, though his curling effort does not quite bend enough and arrows past the right post. Leno looked to have it covered anyway, but it is yet more encouragement for the hosts.
Newcastle breathe a sigh of relief as a swift Fulham move ends with Wilson cutting the ball back into the danger area. Fortunately for the hosts, Livramento is well-placed to get to the ball first and clear upfield.
Adarabioyo brings down Wilson near the corner of the Fulham penalty area, and Newcastle will have a free-kick in a very dangerous position. Who will be trusted to take it?
It's really poor from Gordon, who does not get enough height on his free-kick, which allows a Fulham defender to hook clear. Howe will be frustrated at how his side have wasted that great set-piece opportunity.
It looks like Howe will be forced into an early change here as Schar pulls up while dribbling out from the back. He grabs at his hamstring immediately, and the centre-back will surely have to make way.
Schar does indeed limp off, and Krafth enters the field in his place. Interestingly, Howe opted for Krafth over Botman, who has not played since late September because of a knee injury.
Newcastle are unbeaten in their last six Premier League meetings with Fulham (four wins, two draws), winning the last three in a row.
Guimaraes spurns a decent opportunity as Gordon cuts the ball back to him on the edge of the box. The midfielder opts to shoot first time, but his effort flies high and wide of the target.
Jimenez momentarily requires some treatment after being caught with a stray arm by Lascelles as the two battled for possession. The striker is okay to continue, however, which will be a big boost for Silva.
Jimenez receives the first booking of the game after a bizarre challenge on Longstaff. The ball was long gone by the time Jimenez clattered into Longstaff, with the striker's hip hitting the Newcastle man in the face. There will be a VAR check, however, to see whether Jimenez's challenge is worthy of a red card instead...
RED CARD!!! JIMENEZ IS SENT OFF!!! The VAR review rules that the striker's challenge was indeed dangerous, and Jimenez is given his marching orders. He can have little complaints after a hugely unnecessary tackle.
Newcastle will really fancy their chances now of coming away with three points. They have been the better side so far, and their numerical advantage can surely only help matters.
As you would expect, Fulham are now looking to get bodies behind the ball and make themselves hard to break down. Their striker's daft challenge has really left them in the lurch here, and there may be some uncomfortable conversations in the dressing room after the game should the Cottagers go on to lose this match.
Fulham are winless in seven Premier League away games against Newcastle (three draws, four defeats) since a 1-0 win in May 2009 under Roy Hodgson. Down to 10 men, that winless streak looks unlikely to end here.
OFF THE BAR!!! SO CLOSE FOR GORDON!!! Newcastle are inches away from taking the lead as a deep cross finds its way to Gordon at the back post. He brings the ball down before lashing goalwards, but the winger's powerful effort comes off the underside of the bar, with Fulham eventually able to scramble clear.
A rare foray forward for Fulham ends with Palhinha trying his luck from distance, but his shot never looks like troubling Dubravka, who makes a comfortable save.
Wilson nips in front of his defender to get on the end of Gordon's delivery from the left, but his header is straight down the throat of Leno. That is the striker's first sniff of goal in this game.
CHANCE! A huge chance for Fulham goes begging as a neat throughball for Iwobi puts him in on goal. He is forced a little wide, and his eventual shot is poor as Dubravka makes a routine stop. The visitors will need to make more of situations like that if they are to come away with a result here.
Incredibly, Newcastle may have yet another injury issue to worry about as Joelinton is forced off. 17-year-old Miley is on his place, and the youngster has really stepped up of late in the face of so many midfield injury problems.
Newcastle's 4-1 defeat at Tottenham last time out was their sixth Premier League defeat of the season, already more than they suffered in the whole of 2022-23 (five).
Five minutes to go until the interval, and so far Newcastle have not quite been able to break through the Fulham resistance despite their numerical advantage. The Cottagers have even had a couple of opportunities on the break.
NO PENALTY! Livramento fires a ball into the box, and Longstaff's heavy touch at the near post allows Leno to race out and snuff out the danger. However, Wilson goes down under the challenge of Adarabioyo off the ball, and a VAR review checks whether there was enough contact to warrant a penalty. However, the on-field decision of no penalty is confirmed.
There will be eight minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
Krafth's delivery picks out Gordon in the Fulham penalty area, but the winger has to lean back to get his head to the ball, and his eventual effort ends up flying high over the crossbar.
Fulham have scored 16 goals in their last four Premier League games, one more than they had in their previous 15 combined. They have drawn a blank so far here, though.
Pereira briefly goes down in the Fulham box after a clash with Gordon, though the former Manchester United man is okay to continue. That was a welcome pause for the visitors, who will be desperate to get to the break with their clean sheet intact.
Now it's Wilson who looks to have a bit of a problem, momentarily dropping to his haunches. Fulham need the interval here.
HALF-TIME: NEWCASTLE 0-0 FULHAM
The half-time whistle blows as Newcastle and 10-man Fulham head back to the changing rooms with the scoreline 0-0 at St James' Park. The hosts started the brighter and were handed a huge boost with 22 minutes gone as the in-form Jimenez saw red after a bizarre and dangerous challenge on Longstaff. However, Fulham's resistance was stubborn, though Gordon was inches away from putting Newcastle in front when he thumped off the bar. Silva's men would survive, though, as the sides head to the break goalless.
With their opposition down to 10, this will feel a huge missed opportunity for Newcastle should they not go on and win this game. They created 0.96 xG (expected goals) to Fulham's 0.18 in that first half, but Howe will be demanding more from his side in the second 45 minutes to ensure they kick on and secure three points.
The hosts get the ball rolling again for the second half. Can they take advantage of their numerical advantage and find a winner?
A bright start to the second half sees Miley win a corner. The opportunity is wasted, however, as Almiron's delivery flies over the head of all of his team-mates and bounces out for a goal-kick.
Howe will want to get Wilson more involved in the second half. The striker attempted just three passes in the opening 45 minutes, failing to complete one.
Guimaraes stings the palms of Leno with a powerful long-range effort, though the Fulham goalkeeper is able to gather at the second attempt.
BIG SAVE! Leno makes a vital stop to keep the scoreline 0-0. Wilson brings a cross down before laying the ball back for Gordon, though the winger's curling first-time effort is parried by a strong left hand of Leno.
Leno makes another decent stop to deny Miley. Newcastle are really starting to pile on the pressure now, and the home crowd are responding as they show their appreciation. Howe will be pleased with this start to the second half.
Gordon slides a neat ball into the path of Almiron in the Fulham box, though Diop gets across brilliantly to make a vital last-ditch block and divert behind for a corner. The resulting set-piece comes to nothing, but it is all Newcastle at the minute.
GOOOAAALLL!!! MILEY GIVES NEWCASTLE THE LEAD!!! What a moment for the 17-year-old as he puts the Magpies in front with his first ever goal for the senior side! Guimaraes plays a vital part, riding a couple of challenges and driving into the Fulham box. The ball eventually runs into the path of Miley, who keeps his composure to fire into the far corner and put the hosts 1-0 up at St James' Park!
Miley finished it off, but Guimaraes created that goal. His persistent run took the ball deep into the Fulham box before his young midfield partner lashed home.
Fulham have failed to win in their last 20 matches when conceding the opening goal in the Premier League dating back to October 23, 2022 against Leeds United. A man down, that streak looks unlikely to end here.
Silva responds to going a goal behind with a pair of changes. The first sees Tete come on for Pereira, who has not been at his creative best here, failing to create a chance during his time on the pitch.
Muniz enters the fray for Castagne in an attacking change. The former Flamengo man is only just returning from a knee injury having been absent since early November.
GOOOAAALLL!!! ALMIRON MAKES IT 2-0!!! Almiron potentially puts the game to bed with one of the easiest finishes of his career. More good work from Gordon sees him slide a neat pass into the path of Wilson. The striker, Robinson and Leno all converge on the ball, though it evades all of them and runs through to Almiron. The Paraguay international makes no mistake, stroking into the empty net to put his side two goals to the good. There is a brief VAR check with Wilson potentially offside during the build-up, though the goal is eventually given!
Gordon gets his fourth assist of the Premier League season, though Almiron was surely not his intended target.
Aged 17 years and 229 days, Miley is the youngest player to score for Newcastle in the Premier League. He is the competition's youngest scorer since Federico Macheda for Manchester United in April 2009 (17 years, 226 days).
Two goals to the good, Newcastle are showing no signs of slowing down as they go in pursuit of a third that would surely make the points safe.
Palhinha goes in the book for dissent after disagreeing with the referee's decision to award a foul against him in midfield.
Fulham have their first foray forward in a while as they look for a way back into the game, though Cairney's free-kick is caught by Dubravka.
Since beating Everton 1-0 on the opening weekend, Fulham are winless in their last seven Premier League away games (three draws, four losses). They last had a longer winless run on the road in the same campaign in their first 17 of 2018-19 (two draws, 15 defeats).
Cairney trudges off as Lukic enters the fray.
Iwobi, who spurned a golden opportunity at 0-0, is replaced by De Cordova-Reid.
Silva makes a trio of changes. Palhinha is the first to make way, with Reed on in his place.
Muniz, who made his return from injury off the bench, is down in his team's box and looks in pain. Silva has used all of his substitutions, so he will be keen for Muniz to get back to his feet.
Muniz is back to his feet, a big boost for Silva and Fulham. Can they find a way back into this contest? A goal back and this could get interesting.
De Cordova-Reid goes in the book for a foul on Krafth down Newcastle's right.
GOOOAAALLL!!! BURN MAKES IT 3-0!!! The defender marks his return from injury with a goal as he makes the points safe. A free-kick is cleared, but only back out to Guimaraes. With a delightful outside-of-the-boot cross, Guimaraes picks out Burn at the back post, who sees his first header saved before bundling home the rebound to put his side three goals to the good!
With the game surely won, Howe rings the changes. Livramento has been impressive but now makes way for Ritchie.
Having just scored, Burn trudges off for Botman. The Dutchman receives a warm welcome onto the pitch, having last played for Newcastle back in late September in the 8-0 win over Sheffield United.
Another fine outing for Gordon is over as he comes off for Hall for the final six or so minutes.
Fulham have created just 0.02 xG in this second half, while Newcastle have accumulated 2.64. It has been very one-sided since the interval.
Fulham look a beaten side now. Their first-half resistance was stubborn, but they have been carved open on a number of occasions in this second 45 minutes and look on course for defeat.
There will be seven minutes of additional time at the end of this match, though it has been over as a contest for a while now.
Newcastle are still probing for a fourth goal here. Wilson is yet to get on the scoresheet, and he will be one of those looking for a goal in these dying seconds.
OFF THE POST!!! Wilson is inches away from getting his goal as he brings the ball under his spell before lashing goalwards, though his shot comes back off the post and away from danger!
Almiron's deep cross finds Ritchie at the back post, but the substitute's volley from a tight angle is saved by Leno to save further Fulham embarrassment.
FULL-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 3-0 FULHAM
The full-time whistle blows at St James' Park as Newcastle celebrate a much-needed 3-0 victory over 10-man Fulham. It was comfortable in the end, though the visitors did put up a decent fight after Jimenez saw red 22 minutes in for a bizarre challenge on Longstaff. Silva's men made it to the break level, but their resistance was broken with 57 minutes on the clock as persistent work from Guimaraes ended with Miley lashing home for his first ever senior Newcastle goal. Almiron made it 2-0 not long after, before Burn made the points safe on his return from injury as he bundled home Guimaraes' cross at the second attempt. Howe's men win for the first time in four games in all competitions, moving them onto 29 points and ahead of Manchester United. The victory comes at some cost, though, with Schar and Joelinton both limping off, worsening the Magpies' already horrendous injury crisis. Fulham remain on 21 points, still 12 points above the bottom three. They will look to get back on track when they travel to Goodison Park to take on Everton in the EFL Cup quarter-final on Tuesday, while Newcastle will look to reach the last four of that competition when they visit Chelsea the same day. That is all we have for you from St James' Park, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Nottingham Forest and Tottenham at the City Ground!
The pressure has been mounting on Steve Cooper in recent weeks, but he could lift a little of that with a scalp here, especially as it would lift them a little further away from the relegation zone, which they are currently five points clear of in 16th place. Forest have struggled for form in recent months, but they ended a four-game losing run, which included a heavy 5-0 defeat away at Fulham, with a 1-1 draw against Wolves last time out. They've actually won just one of their last 12 outings (D5 L6), which was at home when they beat Aston Villa 2-0.
As for Spurs, they were on a five-game winless run of their own but brought that to an end with a much-needed 4-1 win over Newcastle United on Sunday. During that run, Ange Postecoglou's side set the unwanted record of scoring first in five consecutive matches but failing to win any of them. They'll be looking to build on their victory last weekend with another here, and if they come away with three points, they'll be level on points with Manchester City, who sit above them in fourth.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST STARTING XI (3-5-2): Matt Turner; Willy Boly, Murillo, Moussa Niakhate; Neco Williams, Ryan Yates, Orel Mangala, Cheikhou Kouyate, Harry Toffolo; Anthony Elanga, Morgan Gibbs-White.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Nicolas Dominguez, Chris Wood, Andrew Omobamidele, Danilo, Odysseas Vlachodimos, Divock Origi, Ola Aina, Callum Hudson-Odoi, Gonzalo Montiel.
TOTTENHAM STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Ben Davies, Destiny Udogie; Pape Sarr, Yves Bissouma; Brennan Johnson, Dejan Kulusevski, Son Heung-Min; Richarlison.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Fraser Forster, Jamie Donley, Alfie Dorrington, Eric Dier, Alejo Veliz, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Oliver Skipp, Emerson Royal, Bryan Gil.
Cooper was clearly impressed with how his side responded to the Fulham thrashing against Wolves, and he sticks with the same starting line-up from that game. Murillo went off very early in that match with a tight hamstring, but he's recovered to retain his place here.
Postecoglou was also happy with his team's performance against Newcastle last time out as he names an unchanged side too. Richarlison gets the nod up front after his brace, and Johnson starts against his former club. Dier is back on the bench after a groin injury, but Giovanni Lo Celso is out after picking up a knock in training.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Son gets the game under way for Spurs!
Son goes down holding his head and the referee has to stop play. The Spurs captain was crouched trying to shield the ball when he got an accidental knee to the head by Yates, but he can carry on without treatment.
GOOD SAVE! What a start that would've been for Spurs! It's a good throughball by Romero first to pick out Sarr in a crowd, and he helps it out to Son on the left of the box. He's one-on-one with Turner, who makes himself big to smother the shot.
Son is getting involved a lot early on, and Spurs switch it out to him once more. He can't pick out a cross, but as he turns back, he's clumsily bundled over by Williams. The South Korean wasn't going anywhere, but now the visitors have a free-kick.
Porro swings the free-kick into the box, but it's cleared at the front of the crowd by Mangala. His header isn't overly convincing, but Davies still has to get to the rebound first to stop Elanga from pouncing.
Son times his run perfectly once more, this time to get on the end of Romero's long ball over the top. He's tracked to the byline by Williams when it bounces up against Son's hand.
After winning four consecutive league games against Spurs between 1995 and 1997, Forest have now lost their last four against them in the Premier League.
Son drops a shoulder to lose Williams before squaring it into the box for Richarlison, but Murillo's vital touch takes it away from the forward. Kulusevski tries to keep it alive by sweeping it out to Porro, but the switch is too heavy.
Forest just can't get out of their own half and are struggling to get a touch on the ball as Spurs knock it around. The hosts are attempting to press high, but it's half-hearted at the moment.
Kulusevski can't find a way down the left, so Spurs switch things up, looking to their right side this time. The visitors flood bodies into the box, but Porro's delivery is poor as it flies straight into the stands.
Turner goes long with his goal-kick and Elanga beats Romero to it to nod it down for Gibbs-White. He tries to drag it around Davies near the touchline, but ends up tripping the ball out of play.
GOOD SAVE! Williams slides it down the right after making an interception, and Gibbs-White quickly gets his head up to spot Elanga's run. The youngster drives into the box and is one-on-one with Vicario, but he hits his shot straight at the keeper, who punches it away.
Spurs are back to keeping comfortable possession, already racking up nearly 80 per cent in the first 20 minutes. It's patient play by the visitors, who can't seem to draw Forest out of their compact shape.
Sarr isn't paying attention as he plays it back towards his own box, and Yates cuts out the loose pass. Romero rushes over to dispossess him, and Yates just can't keep hold of it to get a shot away.
GOOD SAVE! The ball seems to be glued to Kulusevski, who keeps it at his feet even as he rides the sliding challenge by Mangala. He manages to touch it into Johnson, who pokes a shot on goal, and Turner gets down to tip it wide.
Spurs win a corner and Porro's delivery is good as he whips it to the edge of the six-yard box. Davies gets in front of Murillo to flick it towards goal, but it's just too high as it sails over the bar.
GOOD SAVE! Spurs are all over the place as they fail to deal with a long throw-in into the box. Boly heads it to the far post where Kouyate just can't get definitive contact. Vicario still has to push it away, and Davies throws himself in front of Yates' follow-up.
That little flurry from Forest has got the fans on their feet and they're urging Niakhate forward to put another long throw-in into the box. Spurs don't deal with this one either, but Elanga's volley is straight at Udogie's back.
It was chaos in Spurs' box as they failed to clear their lines, and Johnson has stayed down after they get it away. It seems to be a head injury, and the medical team are waved on to give him some treatment.
Johnson is sitting up, but he has to be helped to his feet by the physio and Sarr. He's bleeding heavily from a cut on his forehead and looks a little dazed as he starts to make his way off.
Johnson slowly makes his way off to a warm reception from the Forest fans. Spurs are going to use a concussion substitution as Skipp is brought on in his place.
Forest are starting to play with a bit more urgency now and Toffolo darts in to intercept another loose pass. Gibbs-White quickly switches it out to the right, and Yates down well to win a throw-in as Davies tried to cut him off.
Son and Porro switch positions for the moment as the South Korean swings a good cross in from the right. Porro makes a late run through the middle of the box to meet it, but flicks his header wide of the far post.
It's Spurs that can't get out at the moment as Forest cut out every attempted clearance. The hosts' final pass is lacking though, and eventually, Udogie puts his laces through a clearance.
It's a lovely bit of skill by Boly to turn away from Skipp, and he quickly plays it through to Elanga. With Davies tight to him, it's hard to spin into space, and he ends up fouling the defender.
Yates is the favourite to get on the end of the throughball, and Udogie knows it, so he just nudges him out of the way. He was clearly just stopping the run and picks up the first booking of the game.
Son's shot is blocked on the edge of the box by Boly, and when Spurs manage to switch it out to the right, Yates stops Kulusevski from putting in the cross. Forest are doing the hard work at the back, and the visitors don't have an answer at the moment.
Spurs are back to trying to find an opening as the board goes up to show there will be four additional minutes. Son's looking for Udogie's overlapping run with the reverse pass, but it's played too close to Turner.
RICHARLISON SCORES! Spurs get the breakthrough just before half-time! It starts with a Spurs free-kick in their own half, and they easily pass it out to the right wing. Kulusevski drops a shoulder to lose Toffolo before curling a wonderful cross in. Richarlison rises high and beats Turner to it to thump a header into the back of the net. 1-0 Spurs!
It's a brilliant delivery from Kulusevski as he does the hard work to lose his marker before hanging it onto the edge of the six-yard box.
That goal has rattled Forest, who have been good defensively up to that point. They're back to sitting deep in their own half and trying to avoid conceding a second before the half-time whistle.
HALF-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 0-1 TOTTENHAM.
Richarlison's goal just before the break gives Spurs a 1-0 lead over Forest at half-time. The visitors dominated the first half in terms of possession and could've taken an early lead, but Turner was there to make good saves to deny Son and Johnson, who was later forced off with a head injury. Forest grew into the game and arguably looked the more likely to score as they caused real problems on the counter, but they just couldn't test Vicario. In stoppage time, Kulusevski whipped in a great cross, and Richarlison was there to thump in the opener, scoring for the second game in a row.
Cooper will be disappointed to be going into the break with his side down 1-0, especially after some of the problems his side caused Spurs. It's a game that Forest can't afford to lose with the pressure building on their manager, and they need to be more clinical when they do counter in the second half. Spurs, on the other hand, looked like they might be having one of those games after having 78 per cent possession without creating too much. That goal changes things, but Postecoglou will still be looking for a big improvement in the second half.
Forest get us back under way for the second half!
Forest have made a bright start here, and after failing to pick out someone in red from a free-kick, Niakhate is brought up to take a long throw-in. He can't cause another scramble in the Spurs box though as Romero comfortably clears.
GOOD CHANCE! Spurs don't clear their lines properly and Elanga gets his head up to spot Boly completely unmarked on the right side of the box. It seems he's the wrong player to be in that position though as he lifts his shot high over the bar.
Spurs have scored first in 11 consecutive Premier League games, with nine different players scoring these openers: Son (x3), Van de Ven, Ward (OG), Kulusevski, Johnson, Lo Celso, Romero, Udogie and Richarlison.
Murillo goes long and though Toffolo can't reach it to get the flick-on, he does enough to put off Skipp, opening it up for Elanga. He surges down the left, but is cut off by Romero as he starts to cut inside. Forest do have a corner though.
Sarr has a tug at Gibbs-White's shirt before clumsily clipping his heels to stop him from getting into the box. He gives away a free-kick and picks up a yellow card.
GOOD SAVE! Gibbs-White steps up to take the free-kick that he won, and his whipped delivery almost ends up creeping in at the far post. Vicario has to stretch over the crowd to tip it away.
Gibbs-White is on a mission to get Forest upfield, and he makes another driving run down the left. He's nudged off it by Porro but reacts quickly to keep it alive with Toffolo.
ELANGA EQUALISES! But is it going to count? Mangala sweeps it out to the right, and Williams has space to curl a good cross into the six-yard box. Elanga is one of three Forest players running onto it, but he gets there first, rifling it past Vicario from close range, giving the keeper no chance. VAR is having a look at this though...
NO GOAL! The central defenders for Spurs held their line well, but Udogie was slightly ahead of them to try and block Williams' cross. Elanga still set off too early though, and his goal is ruled out for offside. Still 1-0 Spurs!
Cooper is urging the crowd to raise the volume once more, and the City Ground, who have been chanting his name for most of the game so far, oblige. Udogie plays it back to Vicario, who is being put under pressure by Yates, but the keeper clears his lines.
Son starts the move out on the left, but as it's worked into Bissouma through the middle, the Spurs captain darts into the middle. He's picked out, but he can't get enough on the shot, which is aimed straight at Turner.
KULUSEVSKI SCORES! That's a disappointing one from Forest's point of view, as Turner plays a sloppy pass when he's charged down by Son. The keeper gifts it straight to Kulusevski, who wrongfoots Niakhate as he drags it towards the byline before firing it at the near post. Turner gets a hand to it, but can only help it into his own net. The pressure is starting to pile even higher on Cooper as it's 2-0 Spurs!
Forest look a little hesitant to get forward quickly, just like they did after conceding the first goal. That is apart from Gibbs-White, who switches it out to Mangala on the right, and he manages to win a free-kick, though it comes to nothing.
And Kouyate is also making way, as Danilo replaces him.
Forest are making a double change here. Boly is going off, with Wood coming on in his place.
The referee initially gives Bissouma a yellow card for a late challenge on Yates, but he's now asked to go to the monitor to have another look at this. The challenge is high and the midfielder could be in trouble here...
BISSOUMA IS OFF! It's a reckless challenge from Bissouma as he was way over the ball which was at Yates' feet. He made contact with the Forest captain after he played the pass, and caught him very high with his studs. He's trying to protest his innocence, but the referee makes the right decision by upgrading the card to red after looking at the replays on the monitor. Spurs are down to 10!
Postecoglou looked straight to his bench when the referee was called over to the monitor. He wants another defensive midfielder on, so Hojbjerg is replacing Richarlison.
Gibbs-White cushions the ball down before Davies can get there, and the Welshman leaves his arm hanging to block the run. He catches the Forest man with a hand to the neck and gets a booking.
Williams takes the free-kick through the middle, and Romero can't get enough on the clearance. It falls to Gibbs-White on the edge of the box, but his first-time shot is deflected over the crossbar.
After soaking up a good spell of Forest pressure, Kulusevski has the chance to break, and he goes for the big switch out to Son. He cuts inside from the left, but is dispossessed by Murillo as he tries to set himself for a shot.
Turner sets Forest on a quick counter, and Son takes one for the team by stopping Yates in his tracks. He's booked for it.
The home fans are beside themselves after Williams goes down in the box and the referee doesn't award a penalty. The wing-back knocked the ball past Udogie before crashing into the Italian, who stood his ground.
GOOD SAVE! Kulusevski bursts down the right, and when he cuts inside, he weaves his way past two defenders before drilling it low at the near post. Turner had already shifted his weight and does well to get down and get a strong hand to it.
Murillo is claiming he got the ball with his sliding challenge on Porro, but he also took out the right-back. He's the first Forest player into the referee's book.
Cooper is making another attacking change here as Forest try to use their man advantage. Mangala is taken off, with Hudson-Odoi on to replace him.
WHAT A SAVE! Williams' shot is deflected out for a corner by Romero, and it's whipped into the far post by Gibbs-White. Toffolo rises to meet it, and Vicario is in the right place as he blocks the downward header on his goal line without knowing too much about it.
Spurs aren't happy as Skipp is down after being caught by Murillo, who hasn't long been booked. The defender clipped the top of Skipp's foot as he tried to get the ball, and the visitors, led by Postecoglou, are asking why there isn't a second yellow card.
Spurs are making their third change now, and Son is taking his time leaving the pitch. Emerson comes on in his place, with the visitors switching to a back five as they look to protect their clean sheet.
Toffolo is a little late in getting over to block Emerson's cross, catching the Brazilian. Forest aren't happy as he has his name taken by the referee.
BLOCK! Hojbjerg breezes past Niakhate to play a one-two with Skipp before he squares it to Porro on the edge of the box. He takes aim, but Murillo throws himself in front of it to deflect it out for a corner.
Bissouma is the seventh player to be red-carded twice in a single Premier League season for Spurs, and the first since Kyle Naughton in 2014-15.
SAVE! Gibbs-White's corner is cleared at the near post, but it's worked back into the Spurs box. Danilo nods it down to Niakhate, who pokes it through to Elanga at the far post. His first-time shot is held by Vicario, but he was offside anyway.
OFF THE POST! Forest just can't get it over the line! Elanga takes it to the byline, but this time, his cross is deflected out to the far post. Williams meets it first time, but his shot is smacked straight against the woodwork in front of him.
In an attempt to run down the last few seconds on the clock, Spurs are making their final change. Kulusevski is taken off, with Veliz on in his place.
FULL-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 0-2 TOTTENHAM.
Ten-man Spurs make it two wins on the bounce with a 2-0 victory over Forest, which adds to the pressure on Steve Cooper. Forest created some good chances in the first half, but couldn't take them before conceding in stoppage time when Richarlison thumped a header past Turner. The hosts thought they'd equalised through Elanga just before the hour mark but his rifled finish was ruled out for offside by VAR. Kulusevski then made sure of the points, beating Turner for power as the keeper couldn't keep out his shot. Bissouma was sent off in the 70th minute for a reckless, high challenge on Yates, but Vicario made two excellent blocks on his line to make sure that Spurs came away with the three points. Tottenham stay in fifth but move level on points with Manchester City above them. They host Everton in their next game. As for Forest, that's now six without a win for them, and they remain just five points above the drop zone. Next up for them is Bournemouth. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between West Ham and Wolves at London Stadium.
West Ham’s good run of form in the Premier League ended with a 5-0 thumping at the hands of Fulham in their last top-flight outing. The Hammers had won three of their previous four matches before heading to Craven Cottage, including impressive wins over Nottingham Forest, Burnley and Tottenham, but were easily beaten by Marco Silva’s side. However, there were some reports of a sickness bug going through the squad, so David Moyes will be hoping the result was a one-off. West Ham are ninth in the table and could move as high as seventh if they beat Wolves and both Brighton and Manchester United lose today. They will also be confident going into the game after beating Freiburg in the Europa League during the week, confirming their place in the last 16.
Wolves were tipped to be battling against relegation at the start of the season but have defied early exceptions and are 10 points above the drop zone. Gary O’Neil’s side had lost three of their first four games since the start of November, with their only win in that run coming in a comeback victory over Tottenham. However, they have since collected four points from their last two games, beating Burnley 1-0 at Molineux before drawing 1-1 with Nottingham Forest. They will be looking to end their three-match losing streak away from home with a rare victory at London Stadium, having also been beaten in their last three trips to the Hammers.
WEST HAM (4-3-3): Lukasz Fabianski; Vladimir Coufal, Nayef Aguerd, Kurt Zouma, Emerson; Tomas Soucek, Edson Alvarez, James Ward-Prowse; Mohammed Kudus, Jarrod Bowen, Lucas Paqueta.
WEST HAM SUBS: Aaron Cresswell, Pablo Fornals, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Danny Ings, Angelo Ogbonna, Said Benrahma, Alphonse Areola, Thilo Kehrer, Divin Mubama.
WOLVES (3-4-3): Dan Bentley; Maximilian Kilman, Craig Dawson, Toti Gomes; Nelson Semedo, Mario Lemina, Joao Gomes, Jean-Ricner Bellegarde; Pablo Sarabia, Hwang Hee-Chan, Matheus Cunha.
WOLVES SUBS: Matt Doherty, Rayan Ait-Nouri, Santiago Bueno, Boubacar Traore, Fabio Silva, Hugo Bueno, Sasa Kalajdzic, Tommy Doyle, Tom King.
West Ham make one change to the side that beat Freiburg in the Europa League. Zouma comes in at centre-back and captains the side, with Mavropanos moving onto the bench. Alvarez picked up an injury in the match but is fine to start. Fabianski also keeps his place despite Areola’s return from injury.
Wolves make two alterations to the team that drew with Forest in their last Premier League outing. Bentley makes his third top-flight appearance of the season, with the goalkeeper yet to concede this campaign. Jose Sa is not in the squad. Bellegarde also comes in on the left and replaces Bueno.
Having won their first four Premier League games against West Ham following their return to the division in 2018, Wolves have now lost four of their last six against them (winning two). Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Wolves get this Premier League clash under way.
Bowen will be the player to watch for West Ham. He has scored nine goals in 15 Premier League appearances for West Ham this season; should he score against Wolves, he’d be the second-quickest Hammers player to 10 Premier League goals in a season, after John Hartson in 1997-98 (15th appearance), though just two of Bowen’s nine in 2023-24 have come at home. He missed a couple of clear chances against Fulham so will be desperate to score today.
Emerson shows some nice touches down the left. He flicks the ball through the legs of Hwang before playing a one-two with Paqueta but is then forced back.
West Ham have pushed men into Wolves' half and are retaining possession well. Kudus, Ward-Prowse and Soucek all combine before the Hammers go back to the halfway line.
CHANCE! Ward-Prowse slides the ball down the left to Bowen, who immediately cuts it into the middle of the box. Emerson surges inside, but Lemina gets across to put it behind. Ward-Prowse's corner causes panic in the box, with Wolves eventually clearing it away.
Zouma strides out of the defence and wins a corner off Lemina on the right. Bowen and Ward-Prowse are over it, with the latter curling a cross on top of Bentley. The goalkeeper doesn't take any chances and pushes it over.
Ward-Prowse goes short with a corner, playing it to Emerson. The left-back finds Kudus with a cross to the edge of the box, but his first-time effort is blocked. That was clearly a routine from the Hammers.
Wolves get up the pitch for the first time, with Sarabia's switch from left to right going towards the touchline. Cunha gets too close to Paqueta and trips him, giving away a free-kick.
SAVE! Paqueta tries too much inside West Ham's defensive third, with Wolves winning possession in their defensive third. Semedo rolls a pass into Cunha, who gets down the right side of the box before driving a shot straight at Fabianski.
Kudus gifts possession to Wolves before winning it back quickly. He spots Coufal's run down the right and looks for the right-back, but Bellegarde does well to get in front of him and win a foul.
OVER! Coufal throws the ball to Kudus on the right before getting it back from the Ghana international. The right-back then swings a high cross towards Paqueta, who touches it down well before thumping it well over.
Ward-Prowse makes the most of a loose pass in the midfield and pokes the ball through to Bowen. He darts through the middle of the pitch and wins a free-kick off Dawson in a shooting position. This is certainly within Ward-Prowse's territory.
Ward-Prowse whips his free-kick over the wall and towards the bottom corner, but Bentley gets across his line to catch it.
Lemina plays a pass into Bellegarde on the left, with the Frenchman cutting inside before chipping a cross into the box. However, there is no clear aim with his attempt and Fabianski makes an easy catch.
GOALLL! KUDUS SCORES! 1-0 WEST HAM! What a counter from the Hammers! The hosts break away after Sarabia's corner is cleared away by Coufal and Alvarez. Paqueta flicks the ball over the head of a defender before finding Kudus, who cuts inside from the right before drilling a low shot from the edge of the box into the bottom corner.
Paqueta shows some flair to get past a Wolves player before thumping the ball down the right. He gives Kudus a chance to rush forward and get onto the pass, with the scorer rushing inside before finding the corner with a powerful strike.
Wolves are without a win in their previous 13 Premier League away games in London (drawing three and losing 10), losing each of the last four; they last endured a longer such losing run in the top-flight between September 2010 and November 2011 (six games).
West Ham have kept the ball well since scoring and are trying to ride the momentum now that they have scored. Bowen thinks he has won a corner on the left after a cross comes off Dawson, but the referee points for a goal-kick.
SAVE! Fabianski makes a smart stop. Soucek gifts possession to Wolves, with Gomes then making a good slide tackle on Alvarez. Cunha collects it and takes a shot from the edge of the box that bounces just ahead of Fabianski, but he gets down to his right to push it wide.
Kudus has been a phenomenal signing for West Ham since joining from Ajax in the summer. Only Jarrod Bowen (10) has more goals in all competitions for the Hammers this season than him (eight), with seven of the Ghanaian's eight strikes for the Hammers coming at the London Stadium. His goal is the difference so far.
CHANCE! Opportunity for Wolves. Semedo lofts a cross into the box from the right and Bellegarde is free, but his touch lets him down, allowing Coufal to clear it away.
GOALLL! KUDUS SCORES AGAIN! 2-0 WEST HAM! Kudus scores his second of the game to double the Hammers' advantage. Paqueta has possession on the left around the halfway line, and he switches it over to Kudus. He makes the most of the space that Toti leaves in behind, and he slides his low shot across the goal and into the net.
Two goals for Kudus and two assists for Paqueta. He spots the run of Kudus on the right and picks him out perfectly. Kudus has time and space to finish and does so with composure.
After 32 minutes, Kudus has scored the earliest brace by a West Ham player in a Premier League game since Michail Antonio v Burnley in May 2021 (29th minute), and earliest at home since Mark Noble v Man Utd in April 2011 (25th minute).
There is some concern around Paqueta as he hits the floor and is in some discomfort. However, he is fine to continue without treatment.
Coufal tries his luck from a distance and wins a corner after his effort deflects behind. Ward-Prowse's inswinging corner from the left is headed away, with the Hammers retaining possession.
Coufal goes down after Dawson's arm hits him in the face. It has not been an enjoyable game for the former West Ham man, who has found it difficult to defend against Bowen. Coufal is fine to play on.
Cunha has a first-time shot blocked by Coufal before Hwang sees his effort deflect out for a corner. Sarabia curls the following cross into the box from the left, but Zouma gets the highest to head it well away.
There is a tussle down the left inside West Ham's half, with Kilman pulling Emerson's shirt to stop him from getting away. The Hammers win a throw-in, but the Italian is not happy and shows his displeasure to the assistant referee.
Coufal wipes through Bellegarde and is nowhere near the ball. It's not a red card challenge from the right-back, but he is fortunate not to go into the book.
POST! Bowen goes close to ending the game as a contest. He collects the ball on the edge of the box and whips a low shot through Dawson's legs and towards the bottom corner. It crashes against the inside of the post and behind for a goal-kick. Bentley could only stand and watch it.
There will be four minutes of additional time.
Kudus stops and starts to try and get past Toti on the right. He goes past the defender before being pushed to the floor. Toti is then shown a yellow card.
Sarabia weaves his way through on the right and lofts an inviting cross into the box. However, it doesn't find a team-mate, with Coufal getting the slightest of touches to guide it away.
Zouma makes a late slide tackle on the right, flying through Cunha just past the halfway mark. It's clever from Cunha to get away from the defender. Zouma is then shown a yellow card alongside Wolves manager Gary O'Neil.
WIDE! Sarabia sends a delightful corner towards the back of the box, with Dawson getting on the end of it. His header back across the goal goes behind off a West Ham defender, but Wolves don't have enough time to take it.
HALF-TIME: WEST HAM 2-0 WOLVES
Kudus scored twice in the first half to give West Ham a 2-0 lead over Wolves heading into the break. Wolves had few chances to score before half-time, with Cunha testing Fabianski with a shot from a tight angle early on. Paqueta then crashed an effort well over the bar before laying on two assists for Kudus. The Hammers countered from a Wolves corner, with the Brazilian sending a lofted pass down the right to the Ghana international. He cut inside from the right and drilled a low strike into the bottom corner from outside the box. Cunha forced Fabianski into a diving save down to his right before the hosts doubled their advantage. Paqueta found Kudus with a switch of play over to the right, with the former Ajax man taking his time before sliding his effort across the goal and into the net.
West Ham were much better than Wolves in the first half. They have been clinical with their chances and have scored twice despite creating an xG (expected goals) of 0.82 with the eight shots and were unlucky not to find a third when Bowen crashed the inside of the post. Kudus has been their star player. He has scored both of his shots on target whilst making two tackles and winning three fouls. As for Wolves, the two goals that they conceded were preventable. Bentley could have done better with Kudus' first goal and Toti was well out of position for his second. Cunha has been lively, having two shots and two key passes, but Hwang has been quiet.
West Ham get the ball rolling again. No changes at the break.
Wolves have lost 17 of their last 18 Premier League games when trailing by two or more goals at half-time, with the exception of a 3-2 win at Southampton in January 2020. Pedro Neto scored once and Raul Jimenez netted a brace on that day.
Bowen and Ward-Prowse are over a corner on the right. It's the former Southampton man who takes it, but Aguerd's towering header goes well over.
Ward-Prowse and Paqueta combine down the right, but the right-footed cross from the Brazilian is cleared away. However, West Ham win possession back immediately and are not being challenged by Wolves. It looks like their only hope is that the Hammers get tired after their match in the Europa League during the week.
Wolves have started the second half with the same shape that they had in the first. Cunha has not had a lot of touches since the restart and is beginning to drop deep to get involved with the play.
Dawson plays a short pass back to Bentley, who is forced to clear the ball well up the pitch. Bowen was close to getting there and slides across to try and block it, with the goalkeeper jumping over him.
Bellegarde collects the ball on the left side of the box and rolls a pass across to Hwang, who sees his shot deflect behind for a corner. Sarabia's following cross is poor, but Fabianski punches it away instead of catching it. Bellegarde chests the ball down outside the area before lifting his attempt well over.
Sarabia goes down holding his face after a collision with Alvarez. He takes a few moments before returning to his feet.
GOALLL! WOLVES GET ONE BACK, BUT THERE IS A VAR CHECK! Bellegarde races down the left before sliding a pass inside to Hwang. He rolls the ball down the right side of the box to Semedo, who cuts it into the middle of the box. Sarabia is there in the middle of the box and taps it in from close range to make it 2-1. However, there is a VAR check for offside.
NO GOAL! West Ham retain their 2-0 lead after a VAR check. Sarabia was just offside when the pass was played across to him by Semedo and the goal won’t count. It took over three minutes for the decision to be made.
Wolves are still continuing to have a bright spell. Sarabia lofts a cross into the box from the right, but Coufal gets there ahead of Bellegarde to head it away.
OVER! Close from Cunha. He approaches the edge of the box on the right and steps over the ball to get past Alvarez. He then blasts a shot towards the goal that goes just over.
Another chance for Wolves. Lemina shows some nice footwork to make space for a shot on the edge of the box, but his effort is tame and rolls into Fabianski's gloves.
Wolves are having the better of things at the moment. They have had four shots compared to West Ham's two since the restart but have only created an xG of 0.14 in that time. Most of their opportunities have come from outside the box or difficult angles.
Toti has had a difficult game against Kudus and is now coming off. Ait-Nouri takes his place on the left.
There is also a swap in the midfield for West Ham. Alvarez is replaced by Fornals, who regularly comes off the bench for the Hammers.
OVER! Some good play from Wolves on the edge of the box, with Gomes playing a pass into Sarabia. He drops it back to Lemina, but he curls his first-time strike over.
Moyes has stuck with Fabianski in goal. The Poland international conceded five in West Ham’s last Premier League match but kept a clean sheet against Freiburg in the Europa League. Since a 2-0 win over Sheffield United in September, the Hammers are without a shutout in their last nine league games, conceding 20 goals during that time; they last went 10 games in the competition without a clean sheet in May 2021.
GOALLL! BOWEN SCORES! 3-0 WEST HAM! Wolves have been the better team since the restart, but it's the Hammers who score to put the game beyond doubt. Bowen plays a quick one-two with Paqueta and races down the right. He is forced wide by Dawson but finds the bottom corner with a strike across the goal.
It's a hat-trick of assists for Paqueta. He thinks quickly to flick the ball through to Bowen after receiving it from the England international, who does the rest with a cool run and finish. He is only the second Brazilian to assist three goals in a single Premier League game, after Roberto Firmino (twice for Liverpool).
Kilman looks to send a long ball through the middle of the pitch, but  Fabianski rushes off his line to claim it. He has taken Areola's place in the team and is on course for back-to-back clean sheets in all competitions.
Bowen darts through the middle of the pitch and has his eyes on an 11th Premier League goal of the season. However, substitute Ait-Nouri does well to make him run wide before winning it off the Hammers man.
Semedo thought he made a crucial contribution to this game with an assist to Sarabia before it was ruled out for offside by the VAR. He is now being replaced by Doherty on the right.
There is also a straight swap in the midfield for Wolves. Doyle is on for Lemina. O'Neil has Silva and Kalajdzic to bring off the bench to add to the attack, but it looks like he thinks the game is already done.
CLOSE! West Ham almost make it 4-0 through Ward-Prowse. He whips a free-kick from the edge of the box over the wall and towards the bottom corner, but it whistles wide.
Fornals sends a wonderful pass through the middle of the pitch to Paqueta, who rushes towards the edge of the box looking to add a goal to his four assists. However, Doherty gets back and makes a crunching slide tackle to win possession.
Only Brighton, Liverpool and Tottenham (all 16) have scored in more different Premier League games this season than Wolves (15). Indeed, the last time they failed to score in the competition was their opening game against Manchester United in August. They have gone close through Cunha on a few occasions and Sarabia has had a goal disallowed through VAR, but they have been well beaten by a superb West Ham side.
Two of West Ham's star players come off to a phenomenal ovation. Kudus, who netted a brace in the first half, makes way for Ings.
Mubama is also given a chance to impress in the final few minutes. Paqueta is off after registering three assists.
Coufal wipes through Bellegarde and is shown a yellow card. It was poor from the right-back, who has committed five fouls.
Bellegarde is feeling the effects of the challenge from Coufal and needs assistance from the medical team. He looks dazed.
There will be seven minutes of additional time.
Bellegarde is back on the pitch and will be able to continue for the final few minutes.
Coufal has made some strong challenges in this match but has also been crucial on the right with a few headed clearances. Kehrer is on.
Kehrer has only been on the pitch for a couple of minutes but goes into the book after fouling Bellegarde on the left. He was rushing away from the substitute, who commits a tactical foul.
Hwang is usually a vital part of this Wolves side, but he has not been as involved as he usually is. He receives the ball from Cunha on the right and looks to get past Ings, who battles well to win it off him. Hwang then shows his frustrations and fouls the striker.
FULL-TIME: WEST HAM 3-0 WOLVES
Paqueta registered three assists as West Ham cruised to a 3-0 win over Wolves at the London Stadium. The Hammers dominated before the break, with the Brazilian finding Kudus twice in the first 32 minutes. He first assisted his team-mate on the counter, lofting a pass down the wing after the hosts had cleared away a Wolves corner. Kudus rushed inside from the wing and blasted a low strike from the edge of the box into the bottom corner. Paqueta then found him with a switch of play, with Kudus sliding a shot across the goal and in. The contest was almost over before the break, but Bowen’s strike from the edge hit the inside of the post. Wolves were better after the restart and thought they had a route back into the game after Sarabia poked in Semedo's cross, but the VAR ruled he was in an offside position. Instead, Bowen wrapped up the points, getting on the end of a one-two with Paqueta before scoring. West Ham will now turn their attention to their EFL Cup quarter-final against Liverpool before hosting Manchester United in the Premier League. As for Wolves, they welcome Chelsea in their next game. That’s all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Aston Villa and Sheffield United at Villa Park.
Villa host Sheffield United in a game where they will be hoping to continue their sensational run of form at home. The Midlands club have won each of their last 15 Premier League home games, which is the longest run in their league history. Unai Emery’s side have also had plenty of joy against today’s opponents and are unbeaten in their last 14 home league games against the newly-promoted outfit (W8 D6). A win would see Villa climb to the top of the Premier League table, even if temporarily, with Liverpool and Arsenal set to face each other this weekend.
Sheffield United head to Villa Park in search of their first victory away from home in the Premier League this season. The Blades have endured a difficult start to life back in England’s top flight, and have won just once in their last six matches (D1 L4). Chris Wilder was recently appointed as manager and the Yorkshire side will be desperate to see the experienced boss turn things around, and a victory away to Emery’s men could see them climb off the bottom of the table and into 18th.
ASTON VILLA (4-4-1-1): Emiliano Martinez; Lucas Digne, Clement Lenglet, Ezri Konsa, Matty Cash; John McGinn, Douglas Luiz, Jacob Ramsey, Leon Bailey; Moussa Diaby; Ollie Watkins.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Diego Carlos, Alex Moreno, Calum Chambers, Nicolo Zaniolo, Jhon Duran, Leander Dendoncker, Filip Marschall, Tim Iroegbunam, Tommi O’Reilly.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (5-3-2): Wes Foderingham; Yasser Larouci, Jack Robinson, Auston Trusty, George Baldock, Jayden Bogle; Oliver Norwood, Anis Ben Slimane, Vinicius Souza; Andre Brooks, Cameron Archer.
SHEFFIELD UNITED SUBS: Adam Davies, John Fleck, Gustavo Hamer, Max Lowe, James McAtee, Oliver McBurnie, Ben Osborn, Luke Thomas, Benie Traore.
Emery has made four changes from Villa’s victory over Brentford last time out. In defence, Digne and Lenglet come into the side, with Diego Carlos and Pau Torres dropping out. Boubacar Kamara also misses out due to suspension, while Moreno drops to the bench, with Luiz and Bailey earning a place in the starting XI.
Meanwhile, Wilder has made five alterations from the Blades’ 2-0 defeat away to Chelsea in the Premier League. Anel Ahmedhodzic has failed to make the matchday squad after starting in their last fixture. Robinson comes in to replace him at the back. On the left-hand side of defence, Larouci is named in the XI with Lowe dropping to the bench. Elsewhere, Hamer, McBurnie, and McAtee all among the substitutes, with Baldock, Norwood, and Slimane coming in.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
Archer gets the game under way for Sheffield United at Villa Park!
Diaby produces a neat turn just outside the penalty area, and Trusty brings him down. The referee awards a free-kick, and it's a matter of inches outside of the box. Luiz and Digne are standing over it and the former lays it off for the latter, but his whipped shot goes high and wide and out for a goal-kick. A wasted opportunity there.
McGinn receives a pass in the middle of the pitch and wastes no time trying to find Watkins in behind the defensive line. The Scottish midfielder slightly overhits it and Foderingham rushes off his line to collect. It's unlikely to be the only time the Villa striker looks to make that run, using his pace to his benefit.
A switched ball finds Bailey and he looks to take on Trusty. The Jamaican winger cuts in on his left and drives into the box, before spotting Diaby on the overlap. He takes a touch and sends a low cross into the penalty area, but the assistant referee has his flag up for offside and Wilder's men have a free-kick.
Villa work the ball well on the left and Ramsey finds the run of Digne who drives into the penalty area. He clips it towards the back post and Watkins falls to the ground after colliding with Souza. The Villa supporters want a penalty, and VAR is now checking it!
After a short delay, the referee has waved play on and there will be no penalty. Instead, the Villans have a corner. It's delivered into the box and once again, a Villa player goes to the ground. This time it's Konsa at the back post, and VAR is checking for yet another potential penalty! However, the officials have decided it won't be a penalty this time either.
Villa have dominated the early proceedings, attempting 102 passes to Sheffield United's 19. The Villans have had 84.1 per cent of the possession with two shots and might consider themselves slightly unfortunate not to have had a penalty. Wilder's side appear happy to sit back and try and absorb the pressure.
Chance! Villa look to break down the right-hand side with Bailey, who spots the run of Diaby inside the box, laying the ball into his path. The French international shoots immediately, looking to catch Foderingham out, but the Sheffield United goalkeeper makes a smart stop to deny him. Wilder's side allowed Bailey far too much room to create on the right.
This time Villa look to attack down the left as Digne and Watkins link up well, but the latter loses possession and the Blades are able to clear. Emery's side have predominantly looked to get at their opponents on the right-hand side with Bailey and Cash, while Diaby has also drifted wide to create an overload.
Bailey receives out wide and Cash bursts down the right-hand side on the overlap. The Villa right-back is found and looks to deliver into the box, but it's deflected behind for a corner. McGinn is there to take and sends a deep cross towards the back post. Konsa comes flying out of nowhere, but he can't guide his header on target and it flies behind.
Brooks dispossesses Cash deep inside the Aston Villa half and the hosts are in trouble. The Sheffield United attacker tries to find a team-mate in the box, but his cross is poor and Villa regain possession. The Blades will need to make the most of these little opportunities if they want to get something out of this game.
Norwood makes a heavy, unnecessary challenge on Luiz in the middle of the pitch and the referee awards a free-kick. He'll certainly consider himself fortunate not to have had his name taken for a booking. The Brazilian midfielder looks in a bit of discomfort, but shortly after, he's back on his feet.
The Blades have managed to complete just 50 per cent of their passes in the first half so far. Wilder will need to get his side to look after the ball better, with Sheffield United surrendering possession regularly, giving Villa plenty of chances to attack.
Villa have a corner after some good work by McGinn, who is standing over it ready to deliver. He whips it towards the back post and Lenglet is there to nod it down into the path of Watkins. The English striker takes a wild swing at it in and around the penalty spot, but he sends his strike flying over the bar. He was slightly off balance, so it wasn't a simple chance.
Ramsey finds Watkins who slows the play down and waits for his team-mates. He lays it into the path of Luiz who strikes it and it deflects out wide to McGinn. The Villa midfielder tries to deliver into the box, but it cannons off a defender and out for a corner. McGinn will take... but it comes to nothing.
Diaby has drifted out wide and looks to get one-on-one with Trusty on the right-hand side. He dances past his marker and makes his way into the penalty area, before cutting back onto his left and clipping a cross towards the back post, but the Blades are able to head it away from danger.
Emery's men are appealing for a penalty once again! McGinn receives the ball in midfield and fires a pass into the path of Watkins inside the penalty area. The Villa striker takes a touch and falls to the ground, with Baldock challenging behind him. However, the referee waves play on. The Villa Park faithful aren't happy!
Villa have managed to touch the ball inside their opponent's box 18 times since the game got underway. However, Emery's side have tested Foderingham between the sticks just once, so the Villans need to show a little more creativity in the final third if they want to open the scoring.
Once again, Villa try and create an overload on the right-hand side, with Diaby hugging the touchline before finding the overlapping run of Cash. The Polish right-back carries the ball into the box and looks to cut it back for a team-mate, but Sheffield United are able to clear the danger. Emery's side are lacking that cutting edge at the moment.
McGinn tries to find the run of Watkins in behind the Blades' defence, but Robinson is there to snuff out the danger. Wilder's side now look to break, but Cash makes a foul and United now have a chance to throw some bodies forward from a free-kick. Foderingham goes long, but nothing comes of it and Villa regain possession.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of two minutes of added time at the end of the first half.
HALF-TIME: ASTON VILLA 0-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED
Aston Villa and Sheffield United go into the break at 0-0. It's been a game with very few talking points so far as Emery's side have grown increasingly frustrated as the game has gone on. The Blades are sitting deep and absorbing the pressure, looking to hit Villa on the break. The hosts might feel they should have had a penalty in the opening 45 minutes, with VAR called into action on multiple occasions, but the referee is yet to point to the spot. The Midlands outfit will need to show a little more creativity in the second half if they want to break the deadlock.
Villa have enjoyed plenty of the ball so far, managing to have 78.2 per cent of the possession. However, they have been unable to turn their dominance into creating any clear-cut chances, producing just 0.44 expected goals (xG) since the game got under way. Wilder's side are yet to attempt a shot on goal, so they will have to show a little more attacking intent if they want to snatch a winner in the second half. Emery might be considering switching things up in the final third shortly after the break - could Zaniolo be the man to help them open the scoring?
Diaby gets the second half under way for Aston Villa at Villa Park!
Villa have a throw-in deep inside the opposition half, which is worked into the middle to McGinn. He shifts it to his right to Cash who finds Diaby, and Emery's side remain patient keeping possession. It eventually comes to Lenglet who clips the ball over the top after spotting the run of Digne, but his cross deflects behind for a corner.
The Blades look to counter with Larouci, but Bailey brings him down inside the Villa half. The referee awards him the first booking of the game.
Larouci now goes into the book for a foul on Bailey, with Villa having a chance from a free-kick inside the United half.
Luiz carries the ball through midfield and feeds it out wide to Cash on the right-hand side. The Villa right-back tries to find the run of Bailey who has burst beyond the opposition defence, but it dribbles straight into the arms of Foderingham and United are able to clear the danger. Emery's side are lacking ideas at the moment.
Villa are enjoying plenty of possession in the second half but are finding it incredibly difficult to break the Blades down. Emery's side need to show a little more creativity in the final third, and they're growing increasingly frustrated with their lack of chances since the break.
Wilder opts to take off Larouci after his earlier yellow, with Lowe coming on in his place.
It's an alteration in attack from Wilder, with Hamer entering the fray with Brooks making his way to the bench.
GOOOOOAAAALLL!! 1-0 ASTON VILLA!! The Midlands outfit finally making their dominance pay! Baldock fails to clear from a corner and Watkins pounces, playing a one-two with Ramsey. Watkins then fires a cross towards the back post where Bailey is waiting, and he slams the ball into the back of the net! But wait... VAR is checking it!
NO GOAL! Bailey's finish has been disallowed. Ramsey was adjudged to have held onto the arm of Foderingham in the build-up to the goal. After a short delay, the referee headed to his monitor after guidance from VAR, and it won't count! Still 0-0.
Bailey finds the run of Watkins who cuts inside and waits for a team-mate. He plays the ball into the path of Diaby who looks to dance through the opposition defenders, but it deflects behind for a corner. McGinn is there to take and he delivers towards the back post, but Konsa can't quite get there.
Bogle goes into the book for a strong challenge on Ramsey near the halfway line.
Villa have an opportunity from a free-kick as Luiz sends a cross into the box. It's headed away and the Blades clear the danger. Emery's side are trying everything to find a goal in the second half, but Wilder's men are defending superbly and frustrating the Midlands outfit.
Villa are now appealing for a penalty once again. The ball bounces in the box and Baldock swings his arm towards it. VAR is now checking whether a penalty should be awarded! Check complete... NOT GIVEN! The referee waves play on. It appeared to come off his shoulder.
Emery makes a change in attack, with Diaby coming off, to be replaced by Colombian striker Duran.
Villa make an alteration at left-back. Moreno comes on in a straight swap for Digne.
Wilder looks to mix things up in attack, with McAtee coming off the bench. Slimane is the player to make way.
Duran gives the ball away and Lowe carries it into the Villa half. It's switched out wide to Hamer who stays patient, waiting for his team-mates to arrive. He lays it into the path of Norwood on the edge of the box and he strikes it first time towards the top corner, but Martinez dives across his goal and holds. That was Sheffield United's first shot of the game.
So close! The ball comes to Lowe on the left-hand side after some good work from McAtee. He fires a delivery low and hard into the penalty area, and Konsa swings a leg at it. It looks as though it's flying towards the top corner, but it whistles past the post and out for a corner. The Villa fans breathe a sigh of relief!
Emery makes another change in attack. Zaniolo enters the fray, with Bailey taking his place on the bench.
Sheffield United have started to grow into the game in the second half and are beginning to show a little more attacking intent, causing Villa some problems. Emery will be incredibly disappointed with the lack of chances his team have created. The Villans have managed just two shots since the break.
VAR is now called into action once again. The are checking whether Duran should be sent off after an altercation with Robinson. After a short delay, the referee waves play on.
GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!! 1-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED!! A clever pass finds Hamer who has burst forward from midfield into the box. He turns inside the penalty area, sending McGinn to the ground, before firing a cross into the danger zone. It falls to Archer, who takes aim and smashes it home! He's scored against his former club! Wilder's side have a shock lead!
Hamer came off the bench to produce a superb assist. After an excellent turn into the penalty area, his delivery to Archer's feet was inch-perfect.
Villa are heavily pushing for an equaliser after the goal from United has sparked them into life. A delivery is deep towards the back post from Zaniolo and Moreno finds himself unmarked before powering a header towards goal, but Foderingham makes a superb stop to deny him.
Wilder brings on some fresh legs in attack, with the goalscorer Archer replaced by McBurnie.
The fourth official indicated just a few moments ago that there would be a minimum of nine minutes of added time at the end of the game. There has been a host of VAR checks, so it's certainly not surprising.
Villa are struggling to find a breakthrough in the final few minutes of the game. Emery's side are passing it back and forth inside the Sheffield United half, but the lack of creativity will be a major concern for the Midlands outfit. To their credit, Wilder's men have defended superbly.
Zaniolo goes into the book for dissent after the referee opted against awarding him a free-kick.
GOOOAAAALLLL!! 1-1 ASTON VILLA EQUALISE LATE ON! Ramsey carries the ball through the middle and shifts it out wide to Luiz. The Brazilian gets it out of his feet and delivers into the penalty area, and Zaniolo rises above Foderingham who has come off his line, powering a header into the back of the net! Emery’s side finally turn their dominance into a goal!
Luiz's delivery tempted Foderingham to come off his line while also landing perfectly on the head of Zaniolo.
Trusty receives a yellow for an altercation in the back of the net after the goal was scored.
The Blades look to counter-attack, and Cash makes a tactical foul to prevent them going through on goal.
FULL-TIME: ASTON VILLA 1-1 SHEFFIELD UNITED
Aston Villa and Sheffield United share the spoils with the game ending 1-1. The first half produced little action with the Midlands outfit dominating the possession but struggling to break the away team down. There were minimal talking points in the opening 45 minutes, but the game sparked into life after the break. Emery thought his side had opened the scoring after Bailey fired in Watkins' cross, but the goal was disallowed after a VAR check. The Villans kept pushing, but it was the Blades who broke the deadlock, with Archer pouncing in the box to score against his former club. It looked as though Wilder's men had won it late on, but a Zaniolo header deep into stoppage time levelled the scoring. Villa will travel to Manchester United on Boxing Day as they look to go top of the Premier League table. Up next for Sheffield United, they will host fellow strugglers Luton Town at Bramall Lane. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello everyone and welcome to live text coverage of the Premier League clash between Crystal Palace and Brighton and Hove Albion at Selhurst Park.
It is 15th-place Palace against ninth-place Brighton as the M23 derby takes centre stage in the Premier League today. The Eagles are looking to end a six-match winless streak, but will have taken confidence from their comeback draw against reigning champions Manchester City last weekend. Their opponents, meanwhile, are seeking a response to a 2-0 defeat by Arsenal last time out - their second defeat in five games.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-3-3): Dean Henderson; Nathaniel Clyne, Joachim Andersen, Marc Guehi, Tyrick Mitchell; Jefferson Lerma, Chris Richards, Will Hughes; Michael Olise, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Jordan Ayew.
SUBS: Remi Matthews, James Tomkins, Jeffrey Schlupp, Naouirou Ahamada, Eberechi Eze, David Ozoh, Jairo Riedewald, Malcolm Ebiowei, Matheus Franca.
BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION (4-2-3-1): Bert Verbruggen; Jack Hinshelwood, Jan-Paul van Hecke, Lewis Dunk, Igor; Carlos Balepa, Billy Gilmour; Simon Adingra, Pascal Gross, Kaoru Mitoma; Joao Pedro.
SUBS: Jason Steele, Leigh Kavanagh, Mahmoud Dahoud, James Milner, Jakub Moder, Facundo Buonanotte, Adam Lallana, Evan Ferguson, Danny Welbeck.
Roy Hodgson makes three changes from the draw with City. Ayew returns from suspension, while Lerma and Hughes are also back in the starting XI as Henderson makes his home debut between the sticks. Riedewald and Schlupp drop to the bench, with Joel Ward missing out through injury after he was substituted in the first half at the Etihad Stadium. The likes of Odsonne Edouard, Rob Holding and Sam Johnstone remain absent for the Eagles.
As for Brighton, Roberto De Zerbi makes four alterations from the defeat at Arsenal. Hinshelwood, Igor, Balepa and Pedro all start with Milner, Lallana and Ferguson dropping to the bench, while Joel Veltman misses out through injury. He joins the likes of Ansu Fati, Julio Enciso, Pervis Estupinan, Solly March, Adam Webster and Tariq Lamptey in the treatment room.
If history is anything to go by, we should be in for a closely fought encounter today. Indeed, the last four Premier League meetings between the sides at Selhurst Park have all ended in a 1-1 draw.
The teams have made their way out onto the field and we are almost ready to go at Selhurst Park.
Referee John Brooks blows his whistle and Palace get the match under way.
Gross makes a positive run into Palace's half as he looks to connect with Pedro's attempted throughball. However, the hosts are able to cut it out and prevent the ball from reaching the Brighton midfielder, who could well have been bearing down on goal.
Gross is involved again as he takes aim from the edge of the area after a scrappy passage of play culminates in the ball breaking kindly for him. But he drags his effort well wide of the target.
Sunday's defeat at Arsenal ended Brighton's run of 32 successive Premier League matches in which they had scored. The Seagulls look eager to make amends for that today.
There is a fairly subdued atmosphere at Selhurst Park, where Palace have lost each of their last four Premier League games. The Eagles were last beaten five times on the bounce at home in the English top flight between December 2016 and February 2017.
Can Mateta make a difference for the hosts today? The striker has scored in his last two Premier League matches having failed to do so in the previous 18. You must go back to October 2017, when he was plying his trade with Ligue 2 side Le Havre, for the last time he netted in three successive league games.
Lerma's tremendous throughball catches Brighton off-guard and releases Olise down the right wing. He has Mateta to aim for in the box, but his cross is not the best and the visitors can eventually relax with a goal-kick.
We are still goalless after the opening quarter of an hour at Selhurst Park. Brighton have edged the possession, but there has only been one shot on goal between the sides thus far.
Palace are the only Premier League side without a home win since the start of October. The Eagles have only recorded a joint-low one victory overall during that time, along with Nottingham Forest and Luton Town.
GOOD SAVE! Igor's sweeping ball towards the edge of the box evades Hinshelwood and reaches Adingra, who draws a fine reflex save from Henderson. Balepa then sends his volleyed rebound wide of the target.
Adringra's shot was the first attempt on target as we hit the midway point in the first half. Brighton will look to use that as a platform to build on as they try to get back to winning ways.
Brighton have only lost two of their eight midweek Premier League games in 2023. Although, both of those defeats did come away from home.
Ayew stays down in protest following an off-the-ball tangle with Hinshelwood. It looked quite innocuous in all fairness, though, and the Palace forward is soon back on his feet.
The ball breaks kindly for Mateta, who unleashes a fierce attempt from outside the area. Although, it is straight at Verbruggen, who gathers comfortably enough.
Mateta knocks the ball away to prevent Brighton from taking a quick free-kick. The Palace forward subsequently receives the first yellow card of the game.
Balepa bundles over Hughes just outside the Brighton penalty area and goes into the book. This is a dangerous position and the hosts will want to capitalise.
Palace look to threaten and force a corner. The delivery into the box ricochets off Ayew, but Verbruggen reacts quickly to gather the loose ball.
Brighton are looking to end their wretched run of 21 successive Premier League matches without a clean sheet. That is their longest ever streak in the league.
Danger for Brighton as Ayew drills a vicious ball into the six-yard box from the left. However, with Mateta lurking, Van Hecke reacts quickly to intervene and clear the visitors' lines.
Palace threaten again down the left. Olise embarks on a powerful infield run before finding Lerma, whose low cross is gathered by Verbruggen with Mateta waiting to pounce.
At the other end, space opens for Gross to try his luck from distance. There is plenty of venom in his attempt, which Henderson is forced to push away to safety.
Palace are yet to win any of their five midweek Premier League matches in 2023, losing four. The Eagles also failed to score in each of those defeats.
Receiving the ball out on the left flank, Gross steps inside and delivers a deep cross towards the far post. It just evades the run of Hinshelwood before Henderson collects.
AYEW!!! 1-0 PALACE! Verbruggen's error is punished by the hosts! The Brighton goalkeeper tries to be too clever and his attempt at a lofted pass goes straight to Olise. The latter receives a return ball from Hughes before clipping it to the far post, where an unmarked Ayew nods home from close range.
Olise demonstrated wonderful anticipation as he intercepted Verbruggen's ball. He then showed great awareness to pick out Ayew at the far post.
HALF-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 1-0 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION
That goal came at an ideal time for Palace, who head into the break with the lead at Selhurst Park. Chances had been few and far between until the first minute of stoppage time, when the hosts pounced on Verbruggen's poor clearance with Olise crossing for Ayew to break the deadlock.
Brighton controlled possession for large periods of the first half, recording 60.5 per cent of it. But from it, they only fashioned two shots on target. Therefore, De Zerbi will be urging his players to show more of a clinical edge upon the restart.
De Zerbi has taken action at the break by making two changes. The first of these sees him introduce Welbeck in place of Adingra.
Buonanotte also enters the action for the hosts. Balepa is the player to make way.
Fresh from that double-substitution, Brighton get the ball rolling again in the second half.
Palace go straight onto the attack from the restart and force a corner. Under pressure from Lerma, Verbruggen does well to punch clear for Brighton.
Hughes trips Gross to prevent the Brighton midfielder from embarking on a potential counter. The Palace man goes into the book for his troubles.
Brighton threaten and Welbeck helps Gross' corner towards goal. However, Ayew is well-placed to block his header and the hosts eventually scramble the ball clear.
Buonanotte looks to get Brighton moving, but is stopped in his tracks by a combination of Mitchell and Richards. The referee deems Mitchell's intervention the less acceptable and books the left-back.
CHANCE! Dunk pulls away from his marker to meet Gross' free-kick at the far post. However, he sends his header wide of the right post.
Brighton want a penalty as Hinshelwood goes to ground under pressure from Ayew. The referee consults VAR, who swiftly confirm the incident unworthy of the need for him to point to the spot.
Igor drags back Olise, who gained plenty of ground with a strong run down the right flank. The Brighton left-back is booked.
SAVE! Buonanotte, who has been impressive since coming on, leads Brighton's charge again with a jinking run before feeding Mitoma. The latter cuts inside and gets a shot away, but it is straight at Henderson.
Palace turn to the bench and Hughes makes way to be replaced in the middle of the park by youngster Ozoh.
Players making positive impacts from the bench is something Brighton are very accustomed to. In fact, their substitutes have scored 10 goals in the Premier League this season - more than any other side.
Youth has certainly played its part for Brighton in 2023, with nine different teenagers representing them. Only Tottenham (1993) and Middlesbrough (2006) have fielded more teenagers during a calendar year in the Premier League (both 10).
GOOD EFFORT! Following a decent spell of Brighton pressure, the ball bounces kindly for Gilmour to strike on the volley. There is plenty of power in the Scotland international's strike, but Henderson is equal to it.
CHANCE! Another neat move by the visitors sees Mitoma release Gross down the left. The latter crosses to the far post, where Hinshelwood arrives, but is unable to keep his first-time shot down from a tight angle.
A nervy moment for Palace and Henderson, who is unable to gather a cross from the left with several attempts. However, the defence comes to his rescue as they manage to block Van Hecke's strike before clearing.
The hosts make another change and the hard-working Ayew is given a well-earned rest. Eze takes his place for the final 20 minutes.
Henderson called into action again as he races out of goal and Pedro is eventually forced out of play. Although, the offside flag is then raised against the Brighton forward.
Brighton continue to threaten and Gilmour whips a dangerous ball towards the far post. Unfortunately, none of his team-mates anticipate it and the ball goes behind for a goal-kick.
De Zerbi decides youth should be substituted by experience as he withdraws Hinshelwood in favour of Lallana at right-back.
Although they lead, Palace will be wary. Only Sheffield United (13) have conceded more goals than the Eagles (nine) in the final 15 minutes of Premier League matches this season.
GREAT BLOCK! Following a clever shimmy by Mateta, Palace can counter and Eze is free on the left. The striker finds him, but Van Hecke gets across quickly to make a wonderful block.
JUST OVER! The hosts continue to push for the second goal, which could put the game beyond Brighton. Andersen's precise pass finds Mateta on the edge of the box. The forward makes a yard for himself, before rifling a fierce attempt just over from a tight angle.
Brighton half-heartedly appeal for a penalty as the unbalanced Mitoma goes to ground in the box. The referee is not interested and the unimpressed Henderson helps the Brighton winger back to his feet.
WELBECK!!! 1-1! Brighton are level and it is a wonderful header! The visitors have been knocking at the door and they are rewarded. Gross steps inside from the right and delivers a left-footed cross that is met by Welbeck, who beats Henderson with a brilliant looping header from near the penalty spot.
Gross showed great vision to pick out Welbeck with his cross, enabling the striker to head the visitors level.
Brighton turn straight to the bench. Mitoma, who had been limping for several minutes, goes off to be replaced by Moder.
The visitors have their tails up and push to complete the turnaround. Van Hecke goes to ground in the box under pressure from Guehi, but the referee is quick to wave away any penalty appeals.
Ozoh goes into the book for a foul on Moder. The youngster will have to tread carefully for the remainder of the contest.
Brighton are looking the more likely to snatch all three points as we enter the final two minutes of regulation time. Andersen fails to clear a hopeful ball towards Welbeck, but does well to block Pedro's subsequent attempt.
WHAT IS HE DOING?! That is a let-off for Henderson and Palace! The goalkeeper charges out to intercept a cross from the right. But rather than catch, he looks to punch the ball clear and sends it straight into the face of Welbeck. The ball ricochets towards the goal but, thankfully for the hosts, wide of the target.
Henderson takes a little too long with his goal-kick for the referee's liking. The goalkeeper goes into the book as a result.
Welbeck fires over from a tight angle as we enter the first of five additional minutes at the end of this game. Can either side find the winning goal?
Mateta attempts to rally the home fans as the clock ticks down at Selhurst Park. Can Palace end their winless streak in the most dramatic fashion?
FULL-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 1-1 BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION
For the fifth successive Premier League meeting at Selhurst Park, Palace and Brighton play out a 1-1 draw. Welbeck's late header rescued a point for the Seagulls after Ayew nodded the hosts in front just before half-time. The point lifts Brighton to eighth place, while the Eagles remain 15th after stretching their winless streak to seven matches. Palace look to stop that run when they travel to Chelsea next Wednesday, while Brighton host Tottenham the following day. Thank you for joining us today. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Liverpool and Arsenal at Anfield.
The hosts head into what could be a pivotal game in the title race with the opportunity to move top, needing a win to do so. They bounced back from a disappointing 0-0 home league draw against rivals Manchester United with a resounding 5-1 EFL Cup victory over West Ham in midweek, and Jurgen Klopp will be hoping for more of the same from his side here.
First place in the Premier League currently belongs to the Gunners, who have lost just two of their 17 outings in the competition, taking 39 points over that time. Aston Villa's 1-1 draw with Sheffield United on Friday meant Arsenal held onto top spot, though that would change with a defeat at Anfield for Mikel Arteta's men, heading to a ground where they have struggled in recent times.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Alisson; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil van Dijk, Konstantinos Tsimikas; Curtis Jones, Dominik Szoboszlai, Wataru Endo; Mohamed Salah, Cody Gakpo, Luis Diaz.
SUBS: Ryan Gravenberch, Jarell Quansah, Harvey Elliott, Darwin Nunez, James McConnel, Bobby Clark, Conor Bradley, Joe Gomez, Caoimhin Kelleher.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Kai Havertz; Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Jesus, Gabriel Martinelli.
SUBS: Leandro Trossard, Mohamed Elneny, Reiss Nelson, Eddie Nketiah, Emile Smith Rowe, Aaron Ramsdale, Cedric Soares, Jorginho, Jakub Kiwior.
Klopp makes five changes from the cup thumping of West Ham, with Alisson returning between the sticks, while Alexander-Arnold and Konate come into the back four for Gomez and Quansah. Elliott and Nunez drop to the bench, with Salah and Diaz back in the starting XI.
Arteta names an unchanged side from the 2-0 home win over Brighton last weekend, with Havertz and Jesus, who scored the Gunners' goals in that game, retaining their places in the starting XI. Jorginho and Elneny return to the bench.
The two teams make their way onto the Anfield pitch ahead of kick-off. Who will be top at Christmas? We will find out shortly!
The visitors kick us off and we are under way in Liverpool!
A quick start from Arsenal sees Jesus send a deflected volley just over. Arteta would love an early goal to quieten the home crowd!
Saka's inswinging corner is nodded towards goal by Jesus, though it does not have the power or direction to trouble Alisson, who makes a comfortable save. It's been a really positive start from the Gunners, though.
Szoboszlai looks a little shaken up after a coming-together with Havertz, though he eventually gets back to his feet. The midfielder is moving a little gingerly, however.
GOOOAAALLL!!! GABRIEL PUTS ARSENAL IN FRONT!!! That will be just the start Arteta would have wanted as his team take an early lead at Anfield. Odegaard whips a teasing free-kick into the Liverpool box, and a towering header from Gabriel sends the ball flying past Alisson and in to put the Gunners 1-0 up!
Odegaard's delivery allowed Gabriel to leap highest and nod home.
The Gunners started brightly and have now turned that promise into an early lead. There is plenty of time left, however, and Klopp will not be panicking just yet.
Tsimikas leaves Saka in a heap after catching the winger with a stray arm while trying to hold him off. Fortunately for the Gunners, their young star is able to continue. The battle between Saka and Tsimikas could prove pivotal in this game.
Gabriel has been the highest-scoring defender in the Premier League since he joined Arsenal in September 2020. He is such a threat at set-pieces.
Liverpool's response to falling behind has been decent, though they are yet to fashion a real clear-cut chance. The likes of Salah and Gakpo are yet to get into the game, and Klopp will be wanting his key attacking players to get more involved.
Endo floats a cross into the box, and Gakpo manages to flick the ball on to the back post. Zinchenko's decision to go for the header means Salah is in space when he receives the ball, but the winger's first-time volley only crashes into the side-netting.
Liverpool had 71.9 per cent possession over the opening 15 minutes of this game, though they managed just the one shot. They are yet to test Raya between the Arsenal sticks.
Arsenal have avoided defeat in their last 47 matches when scoring the opening goal in the Premier League dating back to January 1, 2022 against Manchester City (L1-2). Liverpool have it all to do if they are to leapfrog the Gunners to the league's summit.
Liverpool want a spot-kick after Odegaard handles in the penalty area, though a VAR check stays with the on-field decision not to award a penalty. The Arsenal captain is perhaps a little fortunate there.
The tempo of the game has just slowed a little in the last couple of minutes after a frantic start. Arsenal have posed much more of an attacking threat than their hosts, managing six shots to Liverpool's two, while they have the all-important lead thanks to Gabriel's opener.
Of the last eight instances a side has scored inside five minutes against Liverpool at Anfield in the Premier League, only two have gone on to win. The Reds usually find a way back into the game.
The visitors have defended brilliantly so far, keeping Liverpool's front three of Salah, Gakpo and Diaz very quiet to this point. That trio has combined for just five touches in the Gunners' box, while only Salah has had a shot.
GOOOAAALLL!!! SALAH LEVELS FOR LIVERPOOL!!! It all comes from a delightful pass from Alexander-Arnold, who lofts a superb ball over the top for Salah. The winger takes on Zinchenko, breezing past the full-back to cut back onto his left foot, before unleashing a powerful finish past Raya and in to make it 1-1!
Alexander-Arnold set Salah away with a brilliant pass. The defender is such an asset with the ball at his feet.
Salah has now scored 10 goals in 14 appearances in the Premier League against Arsenal, while Alexander-Arnold has managed seven league assists against the Gunners, who will be sick at the sight of that pair combining to put the ball in their net again.
A comedic moment sees Saka send Tsimikas flying over the touchline, subsequently wiping out Klopp! The Liverpool manager will not be laughing at the sight of Tsimikas down injured, however, and the hosts may be forced into a change.
Tsimikas is indeed forced off after the tackle from Saka, clutching at his shoulder as he heads down the tunnel. With Robertson also out injured, Gomez is the man chosen to deputise.
Alexander-Arnold has now assisted 57 Premier League goals, the joint-most by a defender in the competition's history, alongside team-mate Andy Robertson.
Saka receives the first booking of the game for cynically wiping out Jones in midfield.
Salah spurns a great opportunity to get a shot away as Liverpool catch Arsenal out on the counter. The Egypt international tries to slide through a pass for Gakpo instead of shooting, which proves to be a poor decision as the overhit pass goes straight into the waiting hands of Raya.
WHAT A CHANCE!!! Jesus slides Saka through on goal, though his heavy touch means he has to take the ball away from goal in his attempts to evade the oncoming Alisson. The ball finds its way to Martinelli, who slips before finally getting a shot away, though his effort flies wide of the left post! That is a big let-off for the hosts.
Salah has been directly involved in 121 goals in 120 appearances in the Premier League for Liverpool at Anfield (88 goals, 33 assists), the outright most of any player for the club
There will be four minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
Endo goes in the book for hauling back Martinelli, who was on the charge with the ball at his feet.
Havertz receives a yellow card for bringing down Endo. The Germany international will now miss the Gunners' next game, against West Ham on Thursday.
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 1-1 ARSENAL
The half-time whistle blows as the two teams head back to the changing rooms with the scoreline 1-1 at Anfield between Liverpool and Arsenal. It was the visitors who took the lead, Gabriel getting up well to meet Odegaard's free-kick delivery, nodding into the back of the net to put the Gunners a goal up. The hosts responded, though, as Salah latched onto Alexander-Arnold's exquisite long ball before smashing into the back of the net to ensure the teams go into the break at one apiece.
As it stands, it's Arsenal who will be topping the Premier League at Christmas. Liverpool grew into the game in that first half, however, and Klopp will be demanding even more from his team after the interval as they bid to leapfrog the Gunners to the summit.
The hosts get the ball rolling again for the second half at Anfield. Can they find a winner and put themselves top of the Premier League?
Rice gets caught the wrong side of Gakpo and pulls him back, receiving a booking for his troubles.
Liverpool catch the visitors in possession in a dangerous area, though Salah's shot is deflected harmlessly into the hands of Raya. A player of his quality will have expected to do better there.
The game is end to end at the moment, with both sides showing plenty of attacking intent. With so much at stake, both teams are looking to go for all three points.
CLOSE! Liverpool are on top, and Gomez nearly puts them ahead. The hosts again catch Arsenal in possession, and the ball is worked out to Gomez. The defender cuts onto his right foot before firing goalwards, though his curling effort doesn't quite bend enough as it flies just past the post.
This is Liverpool’s 100th home game against Arsenal in league competition, just the second side to visit the Reds as many times after Everton (105). Liverpool have only won more league games against Aston Villa (59) and Newcastle (58) than against the Gunners (55), though only Manchester United (25) have won more visits than Arsenal (24).
Which manager will look to their bench to boost their team's chances of winning the game? Arteta has all five substitutions available, while Tsimikas' enforced exit earlier means Klopp has just the four.
Odegaard lays the ball back for Zinchenko to hit from outside the box, but the full-back's shot is flashed high and wide of the target. That is the closest the Gunners have come to scoring in a while.
Szoboszlai tries his luck from range, though the midfielder can only drag well wide of the left post. He will be disappointed not to have at least forced a save out of Raya there.
Liverpool have had 30 pressures resulting in an opposition turnover, compared to just 13 for Arsenal. The hosts have been in the faces of the visitors all game.
Liverpool may be forced into another change here with Diaz down in pain, clutching at his right knee after a coming-together with Saka.
Diaz will play no further part in the game, limping off the field. Elliott is on in his place.
Klopp also replaces Gakpo with Nunez, who receives a warm reception from the home crowd. Could he be the man to create a winning goal for Liverpool?
Jones also makes way for Gravenberch.
Arteta's first substitution sees him replace Martinelli with Trossard.
Nunez has two goals and two assists in his last four substitute appearances in the Premier League.
OFF THE POST! Elliott looks to make an instant impact as he cuts in and fires. His shot takes a nick off Gabriel's shoulder and diverts towards the bottom corner, though the ball comes off the outside of the post and goes wide.
CROSSBAR!!! Liverpool are inches away from taking the lead! Arsenal make a complete mess of a corner, and the hosts are away. The Gunners are seriously outnumbered, and Salah charges deep into the visitors' territory before laying the ball into the path of Alexander-Arnold. The defender races onto the ball before thumping goalwards, but the ball comes crashing off the frame of the goal!
The hosts win a couple of corners in quick succession, but Nunez can only head over from the second of those set-pieces. Liverpool are looking the more likely to find a winner, though Arsenal also still pose a threat.
Arteta looks to freshen up his attack, bringing on Nketiah for Jesus up top. What impact will that change have?
Zinchenko rattles goalwards from range, but Konate gets in the way to make a brave block. It's been a little better from Arsenal in the last couple of minutes as they look to find a winner.
Havertz goes down in the box under Alexander-Arnold's challenge, and though the away team claim for a penalty, the referee instead waves play on.
Salah goes in the book after bringing down a marauding Nketiah. The yellow card may also be partly down to his furious reaction to the referee's decision to penalise him.
Nketiah's late challenge on Endo sees him receive a yellow card from referee Chris Kavanagh.
A point would probably suit the visitors more than their hosts, with a draw keeping their place at the summit at a ground where they have found it tough in recent times.
White receives a late booking for handling as Nunez looked to lead Liverpool on the counter.
We are well into five minutes of additional time at the end of this game. Can one of these teams find a winner?
Neither side has been able to really take the initiative in this added time, with both sets of players looking a little weary after a frantic game.
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 1-1 ARSENAL
The full-time whistle blows as Liverpool and Arsenal are forced to settle for a point each after a 1-1 draw at Anfield. It was the Gunners who took the lead after just four minutes, Gabriel rising highest to meet Odegaard's free-kick, nodding past Alisson and in to put Arsenal a goal up. Liverpool responded, though, with Salah latching onto Alexander-Arnold's long ball before cutting in and lashing home to level. The hosts twice hit the woodwork in their pursuit of a winner, with Elliott going close off the bench before Alexander-Arnold thumped a great opportunity off the crossbar as the scoreline finished one apiece. The result means Arsenal will be top at Christmas, holding a one-point lead over second-placed Liverpool. The Gunners will host West Ham on Thursday as they bid to keep their place at the summit, while Liverpool travel to Turf Moor to take on Burnley on Tuesday. That is all we have for you from Anfield, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
nan
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Manchester City and Brentford at the Etihad Stadium!
Aiming to extend their unbeaten run to 10 top-flight matches, following last week's 1-1 draw against Chelsea, Manchester City can move within one point of Premier League leaders Liverpool with victory today. The reigning champions have lost only one of their last 37 home games in the league - to none other than Brentford. After winning 3-1 in the reverse fixture two weeks ago, thanks to Phil Foden's hat-trick, City can now become just the third Premier League team to beat another twice within the same calendar month.
Beaten 4-1 by Liverpool last weekend, Brentford occupy 14th place in the table and are sitting only five points clear of the relegation zone. The Bees have now lost 10 of their last 13 league matches, keeping just one clean sheet and conceding at a rate of more than two goals per game in the process. Though Thomas Frank's side have lost all but four of their away games in the Premier League this season - as many defeats as throughout the whole of last term - they did recently win 2-0 at Wolves.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-1-4-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, John Stones, Ruben Dias, Manuel Akanji, Rodri; Bernardo Silva, Phil Foden, Julian Alvarez, Oscar Bobb; Erling Haaland.
SUBS: Stefan Ortega, Scott Carson, Nathan Ake, Jeremy Doku, Sergio Gomez, Matheus Nunes, Rico Lewis, Kevin De Bruyne, Mateo Kovacic.
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Mark Flekken; Mathias Jorgensen, Kristoffer Ajer, Ben Mee; Mads Roerslev, Frank Onyeka, Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt, Sergio Reguilon; Yoane Wissa, Ivan Toney.
SUBS: Thomas Strakosha, Mikkel Damsgaard, Keane Lewis-Potter, Yehor Yarmoliuk, Shandon Baptiste, Neal Maupay, Nathan Collins, Mathias Jensen, Saman Ghoddos.
There are three changes to the Man City side that started against Chelsea last Saturday, as De Bruyne is rested - Ake and Doku also drop down to the bench. In addition to senior stars Stones and Bernardo Silva, 20-year-old Bobb makes his first Premier League start. Meanwhile, Jack Grealish and Josko Gvardiol are the hosts' main absentees.
Following his team's 4-1 reverse against Liverpool, Frank also makes a trio of changes: replacing Maupay up front, Wissa starts for the first time since returning from the Africa Cup of Nations, while Jorgensen comes in for Collins at the back and Jensen steps aside for Onyeka in midfield. Defensive mainstay Ethan Pinnock recently joined Rico Henry, Josh Dasilva, Kevin Schade, Aaron Hickey and Bryan Mbeumo in the Bees' busy treatment room.
The players file out onto the pitch, and kick-off in this Premier League contest is now just moments away!
Brentford kick off, and we are under way at the Etihad!
It's been a bright start for City, and Flekken makes an early save from Haaland. The Norwegian striker makes his way through the Brentford defence and tries his luck from outside the area. Flekken makes the stop in a central position.
Walker and then Alvarez threaten the Brentford box, as the home side predicatably continue their pressure. It could be a long day for the Bees' defence.
Finding his rhythm, Foden now takes a low shot from long range, forcing Flekken to dive down and make a save in his bottom-left corner - that was a fairly straightforward stop.
After Bernardo Silva lifts a ball into Haaland inside the area, City's top scorer misdirects his header, which goes sailing high over the crossbar.
Brentford's first attempt at goal sees Reguilon fire well wide of the left-hand post from distance, and the visitors may be restricted to such efforts for much of this match.
The champions have had 62 per cent of possession thus far, as they probe for an opening in Brentford's back three, which is effectively a back five today.
Ederson is called upon for the first time, as Onyeka tries his luck from inside the area, with a low shot towards goal. City's goalkeeper makes a simple save to keep it out.
Alvarez skips past a tackle and shoots from distance, but sends his shot spiralling high over the crossbar. The hosts' shooting has lacked accuracy so far today.
CLOSE! From just outside the box, Reguilon touches a free-kick for Toney to hit, and the Brentford striker lashes an effort just over the top of Ederson's crossbar! That's as close as the Bees have come to scoring!
Eventually flagged for offside, Wissa races clear, only to be met by Ederson after a heavy first touch. That's surely Brentford's best chance of sneaking a positive result today - breaking away on the counter.
Toney is frustrated in his attempts to win a corner for Brentford, after setting his team on the attack by holding off fellow England international Stones.
Guilty of profligate finishing, Alvarez again fires over the top, this time lofting his half-volleyed shot instead of putting his laces through it from 15 yards out.
JUST WIDE! This time, Alvarez almost puts Man City in front! He picks up a pass on the edge of the area and fires powerfully past the left-hand post! Flekken was left scrambling to cover!
Another City chance goes astray: Bobb crosses from the left for Haaland, who tries to take it first time with an acrobatic effort. However, he volleys it high over the crossbar.
Man City have had 75 per cent possession over the last 15 minutes, as they try to turn the screw on Brentford. The visitors are hanging on for half-time now.
MISS! After a lofted Rodri pass opens up Brentford's defence, Walker nods back from the byline for Bernardo Silva. The latter misses a great close-range chance with his head, though, steering the ball inches wide of the right-hand post! The Bees escape!
DOUBLE SAVE! First, Akanji tests Flekken with a powerful shot from outside the box, then the goalkeeper has to deny Ruben Dias from close range following the subsequent corner! How are City not ahead? They've failed to make the most of their opportunities today.
CLOSE! Bobb sees a shot blocked on the line by Mee, then Akanji, who has vacated his role at the back and seems to be playing as an auxiliary forward, is denied. City are applying plenty of pressure but just cannot break though!
Indicating their total dominance, the hosts have record the last 10 shots in this game, as Brentford's last attempt was taken by Toney in the 19th minute.
Following a foul by Foden, Reguilon delivers a free-kick into the area, which is cleared away to safety by the Man City defence.
Meeting a cross from the right flank, Onyeka heads towards the left-hand corner of Ederson's net, but the goalkeeper flies across to pluck the ball out of the night sky. It's certainly a good save, but one he would expect to make.
SHARP STOP! Ruben Dias picks the ball up just inside Brentford's box, then the defender strikes with power towards the near post. Flekken proves equal to it, though, and makes another save - this time parrying it away to the right!
There will be at least two minutes of stoppage time for Brentford to survive at the end of this first half - can they hold on, or will City finally end their resistance?
For a foul on Wissa, Stones receives the first yellow card of a fairly-contested encounter.
Ex-City player Mee quickly follows Stones into the referee's notebook for needlessly kicking the ball away.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 0-0 BRENTFORD
Spurning several chances, due to a combination of wayward shooting and Flekken's defiance, Manchester City face more frustration in their pursuit of Premier League leaders Liverpool - they remain locked at 0-0 versus battling Brentford. Alvarez, Bobb and Ruben Dias have all come close to putting the champions ahead, but the Bees' Dutch goalkeeper has starred in a brave rearguard action that has held Guardiola's men at bay - at least for now. City's personnel changes don't appear to have helped either, so perhaps they'll bring on De Bruyne sooner rather than later.
Interestingly,  Man City have already attempted 19 crosses in this match, which is higher than their season average of 18.6 in the Premier League. Could this be a deliberate ploy to get in behind Brentford's compact defence? So far, it's not been successful, but it could be a route to goal eventually.
The home side kick off, and we are back under way in Manchester!
As if half-time never occurred, the same pattern of play resumes, with City flooding forward in numbers and their visitors blanketing the box. It's all one-way traffic.
Alvarez and Bobb fail to execute an effective short-corner routine, which allows Brentford to break forward at speed. Onyeka lays the ball out wide then receives it again, before lashing a wild cross along the area and out of play.
Foden finds Rodri, who then shoots from outside the area. However, his effort drifts safely past the post from Flekken's point of view.
Haaland helps out in defence as Flekken tries to send a long free-kick into Man City's area, and the Bees are quickly forced back towards their own half. They've rarely ventured into the final third, aside from a few rapid counter-attacks.
Another Brentford attack ends when Toney can't guide the ball through traffic on the edge of the area, and the visitors will dutifully sprint back into a massed defence.
Guardiola is readying at least one change now, as Doku warms up near the touchline. City certainly need a spark of inspiration, as the hour mark nears without a breakthough.
Meeting Bernado Silva's cross into the box from a free-kick, Rodri leaps highest, only to head the ball wide of the right-hand post from around 15 yards out.
After arriving late into a 50-50 challenge with Ruben Dias in midfield, Wissa is shown a yellow card by the referee.
Doku does now arrive from the bench, as Bobb's first Premier League start concludes with the young winger being replaced.
Rodri just fails to pick out Haaland in the area, then Alvarez reacts quickly and scraps it out with Reguilon for the ball near the corner flag. However, the latter buys a cheap foul and that will relieve some pressure under Brentford's overworked defence.
Frustrated after failing to latch on to Bernardo Silva's cross from the left, which is just too high to reach, Haaland makes contact with Mee in Brentford's box. That causes the ex-City defender to fall to the turf, bringing the game to halt.
Roundly booed by the home fans, Mee makes his way off for more medical attention, having taken a blow to the head from Haaland. The action resumes.
For catching Ruben Dias with a flailing arm, Toney is now booked.
Wissa's first start following the AFCON sees the Brentford forward replaced by Maupay, who will now join Toney up front.
Following a punch clear from Flekken, the first man to react is Foden. However, he lashes his shot well over the crossbar from just inside the area. City's frustration grows.
As City sprint forward on a counter-attack, Alvarez finds Haaland with a pass that tees up the champions' opening goal.
CITY STRIKE AT LAST!!! After more than 20 attempts at goal, the champions finally break through! Brentford commit numbers forward in search of a winner, but the home side then streak forward on the break. Ajer's slip midway through the Bees' half allows Haaland to stride clear and then slot the ball into the bottom-left corner! 1-0!
JUST OVER! With a speculative shot from 25 yards out, Toney drives the ball narrowly over the crossbar! It was an effort packed with power and dip, but it just wouldn't drop below the bar!
The Premier League's leading scorer on 17 goals, Haaland has now netted an opener seven times in the top flight this season. Given how the title race stands, today's strike could be one of his most important.
Frank decides to make a double change, having seen his side fail to respond immediately to going behind. First, Jensen comes on for Janelt in midfield.
Lewis-Potter is also introduced, as a more attack-minded alternative to Reguilon on the Bees' left flank.
A perfectly worked move by Man City opens up the door for Haaland to find the net again - this time converting Walker's cutback from close range - but the flag is soon raised for offside. It was the latter who was caught the wrong side of Brentford's defence when Rodri played him in.
With the ball running loose, Maupay invites a challenge from Walker, who arrives clumsily into the tackle and receives a booking from the referee.
Haaland slips off the shoulder of his marker on the right side of the area, but his snap-shot from a tight angle is comfortably dealt with by Flekken, who avoids spilling the ball into the path of a lurking Alvarez.
Despite their need for an equaliser, Brentford still have 10 men behind the ball. City are patiently probing for a second goal to kill this game and move within one point of Premier League leaders Liverpool.
SAVE! Flekken again proves himself alert, flinging up a hand to tip over Foden's rasping shot from the edge of Brentford's box! It's a fine stop from a keeper that has been pretty busy over both games against City this month!
Frank makes another double change, with time running out: first, Onyeka is replaced by Damsgaard.
Ghoddos is also thrown on; Roerslev will make way.
City also freshen things up, as Kovacic comes on for the hard-running Alvarez.
JUST WIDE! Foden still can't add to his hat-trick against Brentford last time, as he dances through several challenges with ease before clipping the ball towards goal from a tight angle on the left. Flekken was closing him down fast, so it only finds the side-netting!
With City's 24th attempt of the match, Haaland receives a pass from Foden and then drags a low shot straight at Flekken, who makes one of the easier saves he's completed today.
Standing between his team and a heavier defeat, Flekken has made 10 saves so far today, closing in on the 12 he recorded when Man City won 3-1 at Brentford just over two weeks ago.
Capping an eventful game for the Bees' keeper, Flekken is booked. He comes up into the City box for a last-gasp corner, but only manages to take a wild swing at Rodri.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 1-0 BRENTFORD
Having wasted numerous chances, Manchester City turn to their star striker to edge them to victory over battling Brentford, with a 1-0 win taking the champions within a point of Liverpool at the Premier League summit. When the Bees finally lost their discipline midway through the second half, City countered at speed, and Haaland coolly found the bottom corner to finally beat Flekken. The Dutch goalkeeper remained defiant throughout, but that one lapse allows Guardiola's side to win their ninth home game in the league this season and places more pressure on the leaders, who host Luton Town tomorrow. Meanwhile, City will visit Bournemouth on Saturday, and beaten Brentford tackle West Ham in six days time, still needing points to preserve their top-flight status. That's all from today's live coverage, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Nottingham Forest and Bournemouth.
Nottingham Forest sacked Steve Cooper after they lost to Tottenham in their last Premier League outing. The Tricky Trees have been defeated in five of their previous six top-flight fixtures and have only secured one win in their last 13. Cooper took over in September 2021 and lifted Forest off the bottom of the Championship and into the Premier League for the first time since 1999 before keeping them up with a 16th-placed finish. Nuno Espirito Santo, who was sacked by Saudi Pro League club Al-Ittihad in November, has replaced the Englishman. He was successful at Wolves and led them into the Europa League, but struggled at Tottenham and only lasted 17 matches. Forest are six points above the relegation zone but will be wary of Luton Town below them, with the Hatters having a game in hand.
Bournemouth have been in sensational form and have won four of their last five Premier League games to move from 17th place to 13th. The Cherries, who are also unbeaten in their previous six outings, looked on course to continue their fine streak of results when Dominic Solanke scored a second-half equaliser against Luton in their last outing to cancel out Elijah Adebayo's early opener. However, just minutes later, Hatters captain Tom Lockyer suffered a cardiac arrest and collapsed on the pitch. He was stretchered off to a round of applause from both sets of fans. The match was abandoned and will be replayed in full. Bournemouth will now be looking to secure a fourth consecutive win on their travels in the Premier League for the first time and will take encouragement from their last visit to the City Ground. The Cherries came from two goals down to win 3-2, with Philip Billing, Solanke and Jaidon Anthony all scoring to complete an impressive comeback.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-2-3-1): Matt Turner; Neco Williams, Willy-Arnaud Boly, Murillo, Harry Toffolo; Ryan Yates, Orel Mangala; Divock Origi, Morgan Gibbs-White, Anthony Elanga; Chris Wood.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Nuno Tavares, Cheikhou Kouyate, Callum Hudson-Odoi, Nicolas Domínguez, Moussa Niakhate, Odysseas Vlachodimos, Danilo, Gonzalo Montiel, Ola Aina.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Adam Smith, Illia Zabarnyi, Marcos Senesi, Dango Ouattara; Lewis Cook, Ryan Christie; Philip Billing, Antoine Semenyo, Marcus Tavernier; Dominic Solanke.
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Chris Mepham, David Brooks, Joe Rothwell, Alex Scott, Luis Sinisterra, Justin Kluivert, Kieffer Moore, Mark Travers, Ben Greenwood.
Forest make two changes to the side that lost 2-0 to Tottenham in their last Premier League match. It is an attacking move from Nuno, who brings Origi and Wood into the team to replace Kouyate and Niakhate.
Bournemouth make two alterations to the side that started against Luton. Ouattara comes in at left-back and starts instead of Milos Kerkez, who is out with an illness. The other change sees Billing picked ahead of Kluivert on the wing.
Forest have won none of their last six league games against Bournemouth (drawing two and losing four) since a 2-1 home win in the Championship in February 2015. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Bournemouth get this Premier League clash under way. Billing with the first kick.
Bournemouth win an early corner on the left and Christie swings it in with his right foot. However, Murillo gets to the front post and heads it away.
The City Ground is full of noise in the opening couple of minutes, with the hosts under the leadership of new manager Nuno. Forest have scored a league-high six goals in the opening 15 minutes of games in the Premier League this season, so will be hoping to get off to a fast start today.
Forest have kept possession well for the last minute, with Gibbs-White dropping deep to keep the ball moving under pressure from Bournemouth's press. Williams slides a pass down the right, but Ouattara intercepts it. It will be interesting to see if the hosts target the out-of-position full-back.
Boly goes into the book inside five minutes for a foul on Solanke, who had rolled past him with possession.
SAVE! Forest have their first chance. Wood races forward from the halfway line and marginally beats the offside trap to get onto a long ball forward. He rushes inside and puts the ball through the legs of a defender before shooting straight at Neto.
SAVE AGAIN! Neto makes another sharp stop. Origi commits two Bournemouth players on the edge of the box and pokes a pass through to Elanga. The Sweden international then whips a low strike on target, but Neto gets down to claim it.
Forest had only lost two of their last 20 games at the City Ground after beating Champions League hopefuls Aston Villa at the start of November, but have since lost their previous three Premier League games at home. New manager Nuno will be hoping that he can reinvigorate the Tricky Trees’ home form as it could be crucial to their battle against relegation.
Tavernier curls a deep free-kick from the left across the box, with Ouattara making a run around the back. He looks to redirect it across the goal, but it is headed over by a Forest defender. Zabarnyi then heads his shot over and the chance is over.
WIDE! Solanke goes close. Ouattara races forward from left-back and plays a pass inside to Tavernier, who is free. He finds Solanke inside with a reverse pass, and the striker touches the ball beyond Boly but crashes the side of the net with a low shot.
Ouattara is taking up an interesting position on the left for Bournemouth. He is part of their defensive unit but is being allowed to get forward when the Cherries are in possession. The away side are attacking down his side at every opportunity and are trying to create overloads.
Forest started quickly and had two early chances but have not been able to build on their momentum. Bournemouth have had 69 per cent of the possession and are being allowed to play it around in their defensive half without much pressure. Nuno's side are waiting for their moment.
There are some murmurings of discontent around the City Ground. Turner has looked to play the ball short when he receives it but is then put under pressure by a return pass and clears it long. As a result, Bournemouth keep regaining possession without having to do much work.
Smith is pushed in the back by Wood inside his own half and wins a free-kick. The Forest fans and players are furious, as they believe Elanga was fouled on the break moments before.
Origi does well to beat Ouattara and win a corner off the left-back, who recovers well with a slide tackle. Gibbs-White plays it short to Mangala, and he slides it across to Williams, but his first-time effort is blocked.
RED CARD! Forest are down to 10 men after Boly is shown a second yellow card. He slides through Smith and wins the ball, with the right-back stepping on his foot, but the referee gives it the other way and sends off Boly. VAR cannot get involved as it is a second yellow card.
The game has stopped for a while after some discontent on the sidelines. This time Iraola is booked.
Forest make a change after the red card. Niakhate comes on in the defence and replaces Origi.
Billing beats the wall with a curling free-kick, but Turner gets across to save it.
Bournemouth make a straight swap in the midfield. Scott comes on for Cook. He is injured and cannot continue.
Scott pulls back Mangala and gives away a free-kick just inside Bournemouth's half. The home fans are rightly furious with the red card to Boly and cheer the decision.
Scott commits another foul soon after coming on and goes into the book. He dives in on Yates and gives away a free-kick.
BLOCK! Scott pokes the ball through to Semenyo, who offloads a pass to Tavernier on the edge of the box. He goes for goal from range, but his effort deflects up into the air and Turner claims it.
Bournemouth had plenty of the ball before Boly's red card, but their man advantage has made it even more difficult for Forest, who are trying to get past this challenging period. Tavernier chips the ball into the box and Ouattara wins it in the air. However, Solanke cannot get to the knockdown and Forest hack it away.
PENALTY SHOUT! Toffolo gets down the left and looks to send a cross into the box. The ball hits off the arm of Smith and there is a VAR check for a possible penalty.
There is a very long check for a Forest penalty after Toffolo's cross from the left crashes against the arm of Smith. However, nothing is given. They "can't confirm" if the incident was inside the box.
Gibbs-White's outswinging corner is headed out by Solanke and Bournemouth spring a quick attack. Tavernier rushes down the left and gets into the box, but is cutback is poor, allowing Turner to claim it.
Semenyo has possession on the right side of the box and angles it onto his left foot. He has options in the middle but shoots between the legs of Toffolo, with Turner making a low stop at the near post.
SAVE! Turner makes another stop! Niakhate's cross into the box is cleared away, with Bournemouth coming forward on the counter again. This time it's Ouattara who lofts a cross from left to right, but Semenyo cannot get any power on his header, and Turner collects it on the line.
There will be six minutes of additional time after the long break after the red card for Boly and the VAR check for a Forest penalty.
WIDE! Bournemouth send a couple of crosses into the box that come to nothing. Smith has possession on the right and cuts it back to Semenyo, who shifts the ball onto his left foot and curls a fast effort just wide of the target.
Niakhate sends a long throw-in to the box from the right, but Wood's flick goes straight to Neto. The striker has struggled for service since Boly's red card and hasn't had much to go off.
Scott switches the play over to Tavernier on the left, who ignores Ouattara's overlap and puts a cross into the box. Forest clear it away as far as Billing, who tries to trick his way through the defence via some fancy flicks but is crowded out.
HALF-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 0-0 BOURNEMOUTH
Boly was sent off for a dubious second yellow card in a first half that ends goalless between Forest and Bournemouth. The hosts got off to a fast start in their first game under Nuno and forced Neto into two saves in quick succession. Wood and Elanga were both denied by low stops from the Brazilian. Solanke then crashed the side of the net from close range before Boly was shown a red card. He was first booked for a clumsy challenge on Solanke before a slide tackle on Smith saw him head for an early exit. He won the ball, but VAR couldn't get involved. Forest then shouted for a penalty after a cross from Toffolo hit Smith's arm, but it was waved away. Turner then made a simple save to stop a header from Semenyo, who also curled a strike wide.
Forest only had five shots in the first half, hitting the target twice, but the complexion of the game changed after Boly's controversial red card. Bournemouth controlled possession when they didn't have a man advantage but have taken complete control since. The Cherries have had 71.2 per cent of the ball and nine shots, with their only complaint being that they only hit the target with three of them. Ouattara is out of position at left-back, but he has had a superb game. The Burkina Faso international has had 49 touches and made four tackles.
Forest make a change before the restart. Combative midfielder Mangala is replaced by Hudson-Odoi, who usually brings pace and energy on the wing.
Forest get the ball rolling again.
GOALLL! ELANGA SCORES! 1-0 FOREST! What a start to the second half for the hosts. Scott is caught in possession by Wood, who feeds the ball down the right side of the box to Elanga. He keeps his composure and curls his low effort across the goal and into the bottom corner.
Wood does brilliantly to win possession in Bournemouth's defensive third. He could go for an ambitious shot, but waits for support and finds Elanga, who does the rest with an emphatic finish.
Bournemouth have scored at least twice in each of their last five Premier League games, with their 12 goals in this run more than they’d netted in their previous 15 combined (10). It’s also their longest-ever run of scoring multiple goals in Premier League history. The Cherries will be confident that they can get back into the game with Forest down to 10 men.
GOALLL! SOLANKE SCORES! 1-1! Bournemouth respond almost immediately after going behind. Senesi collects the ball on the left and floats a cross towards the near post. Solanke gets there ahead of Murillo and loops a header over Turner.
Senesi has strolled out of the defence often after a lack of pressure from the Forest defence. He finds Solanke with an accurate cross, with the striker beating Turner with a smart header.
Solanke has been a vital part of Bournemouth’s upturn in form. He has been involved in four goals in three league games against Nottingham Forest at the City Ground (two goals and two assists), both scoring and assisting in the Cherries’ 3-2 in this exact fixture last term.
Bournemouth have kept the momentum since scoring and are making life very difficult for Forest. The hosts are struggling to clear the ball up the pitch, with the away fans enjoying every misplaced pass from their opponents.
BLOCK! What a chance for Bournemouth to take the lead for the first time! Christie chips the ball over to the left side of the box, with Williams sliding across to get there before Tavernier. He then gets up and blocks Semenyo's goal-bound effort.
GOALLL! SOLANKE SCORES AGAIN! 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH! The Cherries have turned the score around. Forest fail to clear Bournemouth's short corner routine away, with Billing flicking a header through to Solanke. He is completely unmarked and fires his shot into the bottom corner.
Bournemouth are on their way to five wins in six matches. Solanke has been simply sublime this season, with his brace against Forest pushing him up to 10 Premier League goals.
Billing likes to shoot from range, but that's certainly one to forget. He is not put under any pressure by the Forest defence and takes aim from a distance, but lifts his effort well, well over.
CHANCE! Bournemouth should have doubled their lead. Semenyo is in plenty of space on the right side of the box. He has Solanke and Tavernier to his left but takes a heavy touch inside and loses possession.
Gibbs-White displays some tricky feet and is tripped by Semenyo, who is the first Bournemouth player to go into the book.
Scott switches the ball over to the right and finds Semenyo, who chests it down well and drives inside. He looks to work space for a shot, but Murillo clears it away. Semenyo then fouls the centre-back and the hosts want him to get sent off for a second yellow card, but their ambitious claims are ignored.
Gibbs-White turns in possession and Christie slides through him before winning the ball. He is shown a yellow card.
Iraola makes his second change of the game. Semenyo was probably one poorly timed tackle away from a second yellow card and being taken off. Sinisterra takes his place on the wing.
Scott came on for the injured Cook in the first half but is now being replaced. Rothwell comes in the midfield.
Bournemouth have won their last three Premier League away games, scoring eight goals and conceding just once. It’s their second run of three consecutive top-flight away wins, with the other coming in April this year, but they’ve never won four in a row on the road. They are in complete control and have not been troubled since Forest broke the deadlock.
GOALLLL! WOOD SCORES! 2-2! Forest are level! Yates wins a corner on the right and looks to inspire the crowd. Gibbs-White's outswinging corner finds Wood, who heads his effort across the goal and into the net. It looked like a tame header, but a slight deflection on the way through beats Neto.
Gibbs-White has often been the man Forest have looked to for a goal or an assist, and he provides the latter on this occasion. He has put a couple of disappointing corners into the box but finds Wood this time, who does the rest with his header.
Having earned seven points from their first five Premier League games this season (winning two, drawing one and losing two), Nottingham Forest have taken just a further seven from their last 12 (winning one, drawing four and losing seven). They now have the momentum in the game but could be caught on the counter if they commit too many men forward looking for a winner. Bournemouth have a man advantage and still look composed.
Elanga scored Forest's first and looks to double his tally for the game. He gets into a race with Zabarnyi and cuts past the centre-back, but  Billing is there to clear it up.
OFF THE LINE! Forest almost go ahead for the second time. Gibbs-White's corner is cleared away, but the hosts manage to recycle possession. It comes back to the former Wolves man on the left. However, his shot across the goal is booted off the line by Ouattara.
Ouattara has been fantastic for the Cherries, having 81 touches and making six tackles. He is now on his way off for Moore, who will add height to the attack.
Bournemouth looked in complete control, but are now being put under pressure. The Cherries make another change, with Brooks coming on for Billing.
POST! Bournemouth crash the post. Sinisterra cannot get the ball past Williams, so he plays it back for Tavernier. He whips a low cross towards Brooks, who hits the post with a shot towards the bottom corner. Solanke then tries to turn the ball in, but his effort deflects over.
Toffolo has had the difficult job of dealing with the Bournemouth attacks down the right and is now coming off. It is a straight swap, with Aina replacing him for the final few minutes.
Senesi shows his range of passing with a brilliant switch over to Sinisterra, who sprints inside from the left to receive possession. However, his touch inside is heavy, allowing Turner to come off his line and claim it.
Elanga does well to protect the ball on the byline, with Senesi poking it behind for a Forest corner. Gibbs-White's outswinging cross looks for Yates, but Bournemouth clear it up the pitch. It's impossible to predict a winner heading towards stoppage time.
There will be five minutes of additional time. Forest are the only side yet to score in the 90th minute (including stoppage time) so far this term.
It looks like Forest are trying to protect what they have, with Bournemouth being allowed to stroll into their half with possession. However, the Cherries waste an attack with a poor cross, allowing Turner to claim it in the air and dive onto the floor.
Forest make their fourth change. Gibbs-White got the assist for their equaliser and is now being replaced by Danilo, who has been reduced to minutes off the bench this campaign.
GOALLL! HAT-TRICK FOR SOLANKE! 3-2 BOURNEMOUTH! The Cherries take the lead with just a couple of minutes left. Smith is not put under any pressure on the right, and he curls a deep cross into the box. Solanke goes up for a free header and plants his effort into the top corner. Turner gets a touch but cannot keep it out. Bournemouth came from behind to beat Forest 3-2 at the City Ground last campaign and it looks like it's going to happen again.
Smith has all the time in the world on the right, but he still has to find Solanke in the middle of the box. The full-back spots the striker, who will be surprised that he was allowed to attack the ball with ease. His header has too much power on it for Turner and he completes his hat-trick.
The game stops with Smith and Yates clashing heads in Bournemouth's box. The medical teams are on the pitch.
There is a long check to make sure that Smith is fine to continue. He came off worse in the head-to-head collision.
The game is back under way for the final few seconds.
FULL-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 2-3 BOURNEMOUTH
Solanke scored a second-half hat-trick to help Bournemouth come from behind to beat Forest 3-2 in a controversial match at the City Ground. The first half was goalless, with Neto and Turner forced into simple saves, but there was plenty of controversy. Boly was sent off after receiving a second yellow card for a slide tackle on Smith where it looked like he won possession. The hosts then shouted for a penalty after a cross hit Smith's arm, but nothing was given after a VAR check. Forest were better after the restart and broke the deadlock inside two minutes when Elanga curled his shot into the bottom corner. However, Solanke levelled with a looping header before turning the score around with a poked effort from close range. Wood powered in a header to equalise, but Solanke scored again in stoppage time to win it for Bournemouth. He got on the end of Smith's deep cross and directed his header into the top corner. Bournemouth will aim to make it six wins in seven games when they host Fulham in their next outing. As for Forest, they are just two points above the relegation zone and travel to Newcastle United next. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Tottenham and Everton at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium!
Spurs have the opportunity to move into the top four with a win here today, having turned their fortunes around in recent weeks. They've won their last two outings against Newcastle United (4-1) and Nottingham Forest (2-0), seeing out the latter with 10 men. Those two victories come on the back of a five-game winless run for them in the league (D1 L4), which saw them drop away from the top of the table. They have a good record against Everton too, losing just one of their previous 21 Premier League matches against them (W10 D10).
Everton are one of the in-form teams in the Premier League at the moment. They've won all four of their league games in December without conceding a single goal and scoring eight goals in the process, which has moved them seven points clear of the relegation zone after their 10-point deduction dropped them into it. The Toffees come into today on the back of an EFL Cup quarter-final exit on Tuesday though, having lost a penalty shootout to Fulham 7-6 after a 1-1 draw in normal time.
TOTTENHAM STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Ben Davies, Emerson Royal; Pape Sarr, Oliver Skipp; Brennan Johnson, Dejan Kulusevski, Son Heung-Min; Richarlison.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Bryan Gil, Fraser Forster, Jamie Donley, Alfie Dorrington, Eric Dier, Alejo Veliz, Ashley Phillips, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Giovani Lo Celso.
EVERTON STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Jordan Pickford; Nathan Patterson, Jarrad Branthwaite, James Tarkowski, Vitalii Mykolenko; Idrissa Gueye, Amadou Onana; Jack Harrison, James Garner, Dwight McNeil; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
EVERTON SUBS: Andre Gomes, Ben Godfrey, Arnaut Danjuma, Joao Virginia, Mackenzie Hunt, Andy Lonergan, Beto, Youssef Chermiti, Michael Keane.
Ange Postecoglou makes two changes from the win over Forest last time out, and they're both enforced. Yves Bissouma was sent off in that game, while Destiny Udogie picked up his fifth booking of the season, so they're suspended. Emerson and Skipp come in for them, and Johnson is able to retain his place despite going off with a head injury. Lo Celso is back among the substitutes.
Sean Dyche makes just one change to the side that drew with Fulham in midweek. Mykolenko is back from a groin injury, so he comes straight back into the team. Keane drops to the bench, where Gomes is also named after overcoming a calf injury.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Richarlison gets the game underway for Spurs!
SAVE! Davies slides a lovely throughball down the left for Kulusevski, who has time to get his head up and spot Sarr's late run. He meets the cross first time but fires his volley into the ground and it loops into Pickford's gloves.
It's a poor clearance from Porro, and McNeil is right in front of him to cut it out. He darts down the left, but the Spaniard recovers well to get back and block the cross for a corner.
SAVE! The corner is only half-cleared by Spurs, and it falls kindly for Mykolenko on the edge of the box. Like Sarr at the other end, he doesn't catch it cleanly, and the low shot is comfortably saved by Vicario.
Tarkowski cuts out Porro's throughball and instantly tries to catch out Spurs with a long ball over the top. His pass is played between McNeil and Calvert-Lewin though, and neither can get close to it.
The referee plays an advantage to Spurs when Son goes down, but they can't use it as Skipp is dispossessed. Harrison quickly breaks on the counter and spreads it out to Calvert-Lewin, but Romero slides in to stop him from getting a shot away.
RICHARLISON SCORES! It's brilliantly worked down the right by Spurs as Johnson starts the move before racing down the wing to get on the end of Sarr's return pass. He plays a low, first-time cross into the near post, and Richarlison is there to tap it in from close range. 1-0 Spurs!
Johnson has the beating of Mykolenko, and even has time to quickly glance up and spot Richarlison making his run into the box.
That goal has settled Spurs a little bit and they're looking a lot more comfortable in possession. They're knocking it around neatly, but it's all in front of Everton at the moment.
OVER! It only takes a couple of passes to cut through Everton this time, as Davies goes long to Son, who picks out Emerson's overlap. He fizzes it into Johnson at the first post, but he lifts his first-time effort over the bar. Pickford is furious with his defenders for how easy that was.
Patterson goes for the direct route again for the visitors, and Calvert-Lewin does well to hold off Skipp long enough to bring it down. He lays it off to Onana, who tries a one-two with McNeil, but the return cross is fizzed straight out of play.
GREAT SAVE! Everton are growing back into this game here, and Mykolenko finds space down the left to clip a good cross into the box. Calvert-Lewin gets in front of Davies to thump a header at goal, but Vicario tips it wide.
CHANCE! There were a few hearts in mouths for the Spurs fans then as Vicario raced out of his box to clear a long ball before McNeil. His header falls straight to Calvert-Lewin, who goes for the long-range strike at the empty goal, but it flies wide.
SON SCORES! Porro takes the corner short for Spurs, and Johnson plays a one-two with Kulusevski so that he can cut into the box from the right. His shot is parried away by Pickford, but he only gets it as far as Son, who slots his shot into the far bottom corner. 2-0 Spurs!
Gueye dinks another long ball over the top, this time with Garner chasing it down. Vicario comes out of his box again, a little more hesitant than last time, but clears his lines comfortably.
Gueye lunged in on Sarr to win the ball back but ended up catching Richarlison with the follow-through. He hurt himself in the challenge, and now goes down in need of treatment.
Gueye is back on his feet after receiving treatment, and the referee uses the opportunity to show him a yellow card for the earlier tackle on Richarlison.
Gueye can't carry on after picking up that knee problem and goes straight down the tunnel. Gomes, making a return from an injury of his own, replaces him.
Onana wraps his arms around Emerson to stop his run through the middle. He can have no arguments with that yellow card.
Spurs are upping the pressure once more, and Son picks out Kulusevski's overlapping run down the right with a lovely flick. He wins a corner, but Porro hits the first man with his delivery.
Everton just can't get out of their own half at the moment, though they're trying to press high upfield. Richarlison gets around them to fizz a low cross into the middle, but only Tarkowski is in there.
Richarlison has now scored four goals in his last three games, doubling his tally from his first 39 appearances for Spurs (two). He's now the 13th different player to score against Everton in the Premier League having previously played for them in the competition.
It's a sloppy pass out from the back by Vicario, and Calvert-Lewin stretches to cut it out before spreading it to Harrison. His cross is cut out by Romero, but his clearance is only as far as Garner on the edge of the D. His volley is straight at the keeper.
Spurs have had 74 per cent possession so far, but they're just starting to get a little complacent in their own half. Emerson gives it away this time, but luckily for him, Davies is behind him to get it away.
It's better from Everton here as they patiently work it upfield, but it's all in front of Spurs at the moment. McNeil tries to open up some space down the left, but Porro doesn't give him any freedom.
Branthwaite goes long over the top and Calvert-Lewin has a Spurs defender on either side of him, with Vicario also rushing off his line. The forward pokes it away before the keeper clumsily catches his shin with his arm, but the referee gives a quick shake of his head.
It's another good run by Patterson down the right, but his pullback is just behind Gomes. Mykolenko meets it at the far post, but as he slides in, he hits his shot against another ball that's been thrown back onto the pitch.
Everton are starting to get a lot of joy down their right side now, and Harrison pulls it back to pick out Garner on the edge of the D once more. He puts his laces through the shot, but Vicario gets down to hold it at his near post.
Emerson just isn't tracking Harrison's runs down the right and he has space to pull it back to Gomes this time. The substitute flicks it onto Mykolenko, but he wasn't expecting it and it bounces off his shin and wide of the post.
GOOD SAVE! It's a wonderful pass from Gomes on the left as he switches it out to Harrison down the right. He carries it into the box before drilling a low shot towards the far bottom corner, but Vicario gets down quickly to block it.
McNeil swings a deep corner into the box that clears everyone, but some of the Everton players are just asking a question of the referee. Kulusevski has a fistful of Onana's shirt to stop him jumping, but nothing's given.
HALF-TIME: TOTTENHAM 2-0 EVERTON.
Spurs are in control at the break with a 2-0 lead over Everton. They got off to a bright start, with Richarlison tapping in Johnson's cross from close range to put Spurs ahead against his former club. Just under 10 minutes later, they doubled their lead as Son was on hand to drill in the rebound of Johnson's saved shot. Everton have had chances though, with Vicario having to make good saves to deny Calvert-Lewin, Garner and Harrison.
Postecoglou will be the happier of the two managers at half-time, but given the problems that Everton have caused them, he won't be sitting comfortably at this stage. After Son's goal, they didn't manage a single shot, and he'll want them to get their attacking threat back. Everton have shown good signs despite being behind, and Dyche will know that the next goal could change everything, his side just need to be more clinical.
There's a change at the break for Spurs, and it's a straight swap at centre-back. Romero is taken off, with Dier on in his place.
Everton get us back under way for the second half!
Spurs have started the half on the front foot, and are helped by a loose pass out from Tarkowski as he gifts it to Skipp. He switches it out to Emerson, who tries to feed Kulusevski, but he's sandwiched between two defenders and can't control it.
It's another lovely sweeping Spurs move through the middle of the pitch, but their final pass is just letting them down at the moment. Son looks to thread it out to Johnson but overhits it straight out of play.
CALVERT-LEWIN PULLS ONE BACK! Or does he? It's not the best pass from Vicario to Emerson, but he's then caught on the ball by Gomes, who then gets his head up to slide in Calvert-Lewin. He takes the shot first time, firing it low into the bottom corner, but VAR is having a look at this...
NO GOAL! The referee is asked to go over to the monitor to have a look at the build-up to the goal. It's judged that Gomes fouls Emerson as he dispossesses him, even though it looks very soft, and the goal is ruled out. Safe to say, Dyche isn't happy with that decision at all.
Spurs are back to keeping possession here, but it's all in front of Everton. Their main aim is to try and regain their earlier rhythm after it was disrupted by the disallowed goal.
GOOD SAVE! Kulusevski sweeps it out to Johnson on the right, and his first cross is blocked, but it comes straight back to him. This time, he pulls it back to Sarr on the edge of the box, but his shot is blocked by Pickford at the near post.
Spurs break quickly on the counter once more, and Johnson is starting to find a lot of space down the right. Skipp switches it out to him once more, but his cross is too high for everybody as it bounces out for a throw-in on the far side.
Since winning three Premier League away games in a row against Spurs between 2006-07 and 2008-09, Everton have only picked up seven points in 14 visits there (W1 D4 L9).
OFF THE POST! Harrison curls a cross in with the outside of his boot, and Garner finds a pocket of space to drill his low shot across goal. Vicario is beaten, but his shot skims the side of the post on its way out of play.
Spurs' second change of the game sees Richarlison replaced by Hojbjerg, which means Son will move forward to play through the middle.
GOOD SAVE! Everton commit bodies forward in attack only to be caught out on the counter again. Spurs surge forward, with Son leading the charge through the middle. He touches it out to Sarr, who shoots first time, but Pickford pushes it away.
Harrison has caused Emerson a lot of problems during this game, but he's now taken off with Danjuma on in his place.
There's a bit of a scramble in Spurs' box with players from both sides struggling to get a toe to the ball. Calvert-Lewin comes closest to tapping it towards goal, but Davies hooks it away just in time.
Everton win their fifth corner of the game, and McNeil whips this one right on top of the keeper. He just about manages to punch it away with Branthwaite in front of him, but the referee deems that a foul before Garner can pick out a follow-up cross.
Everton's frustration is starting to show a little bit now as Mykolenko gets tight to Porro to stop his run. He's got his hands all over the right-back to stop his run, and he gives away a free-kick.
Third change for Spurs now, and it's another attacking player coming on as Lo Celso replaces Sarr.
GREAT SAVE! It's brilliant work from Kulusevski, who just wants it more than Patterson as he nudges him away from the ball. He the takes the shot before Tarkowski can slide in, but Pickford reacts quickly to tip it wide of the near post.
Gomes isn't happy about Everton not getting a free-kick for what he deemed to be a foul on Patterson. He's booked for dissent.
WIDE! Mykolenko threads it forward for Garner, who squares it into Gomes' feet when the midfielder's run isn't picked up. Instead of going across goal, he tries to catch out Vicario at his near post, only to fire it into the side netting.
Everton's final change sees Beto coming on for the last 10 minutes plus stoppage time in place of Onana.
Danjuma breaks down the left, and he has support getting up with him in the box. Instead of looking for Beto, he tries to go it alone, only to drill his shot against Dier, though he does win a corner.
GOMES PULLS ONE BACK! And that one will count! McNeil's delivery causes all sorts of problems once more, and nobody in the middle can make contact as it swerves away to the edge of the box. Danjuma was going to try and keep it alive, but Gomes runs onto it, drilling his first-time shot across goal and into the far bottom corner. 2-1!
Patterson is late with a challenge on Johnson, and he knows it as he quickly gets away from the man on the floor. That doesn't stop the referee from showing him a yellow card.
GOOD SAVE! Everton have the momentum now, and it's worked out to their left again. Danjuma's looping shot from the edge of the box is tipped over by Vicario, and from the resulting corner, Davies makes a vital block in front of the line to keep out Tarkowski's thumping header.
Kulusevski kicks the ball away after giving away a free-kick, and he's booked for time-wasting.
Spurs just can't get out of their own half at the moment as Everton continue to push for a late equaliser. The cross comes in from Garner on the right this time, but it's too close to Vicario, who plucks it out of the air.
Gomes' long ball forward is a desperate attempt to get his team upfield as he plays it nowhere near Calvert-Lewin. The board goes up though, and Everton have six minutes to find an equaliser.
Spurs try to exploit the space that Everton are leaving in behind, and Kulusevski plays it infield from the left. Emerson runs across Patterson to make more room for Lo Celso, only to be penalised, with a free-kick being given to the Toffees.
OVER! Son plays a cross to nobody in the Everton box and the visitors quickly counter, with Danjuma getting the better of Porro once more. The angle is tight when he takes the shot, and he lifts it just over the crossbar.
WHAT A SAVE Gomes switches it out to Garner on the right, but chooses to cushion it into McNeil to put the cross in. He picks out an unmarked Danjuma at the far post, and he volleys his shot off the underside of the bar, which then hits Vicario's knee on the line before bouncing back out. Goal-line technology says it didn't fully cross the line!
FULL-TIME: TOTTENHAM 2-1 EVERTON.
Tottenham hold on to beat Everton 2-1 and move into the top four. Spurs had the better of the opening exchanges and were on top for the first 20 minutes or so in which Richarlison tapped in against his former side to give them the lead before Son fired in the rebound from Johnson's saved shot for the second. Everton fought back after the break, and Calvert-Lewin had a goal controversially disallowed by VAR for a soft foul by Gomes on Emerson in the build-up. Garner then hit the post before Gomes pulled a goal back in the 82nd minute with a lovely low finish across goal. Danjuma thought he'd snatched a point with the last kick of the game, but his volley hit the underside of the bar before being blocked by Vicario on the goal line. Spurs leapfrog Manchester City into fourth spot as they make it three wins on the bounce, and next up for them is a trip to Brighton on Thursday. Everton stay 16th but are now just four points above the drop zone after Luton Town's win. They host City next Wednesday. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello everyone and welcome to live text commentary of the Premier League clash between West Ham and Manchester United.
Sixth place is up for grabs in the early kick-off at the London Stadium, where the ninth-place Hammers welcome the seventh-place Red Devils. The hosts have taken 13 points from their last six games, while United arrive off the back of one win in five.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Kurt Zouma, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Emerson; Tomas Soucek, Edson Alvarez; Mohammed Kudus, James Ward-Prowse, Lucas Paqueta; Jarrod Bowen.
SUBS: Lukasz Fabianski, Thilo Kehrer, Aaron Cresswell, Angelo Ogbonna, Ben Johnson, Pablo Fornals, Divin Mubama, Danny Ings, Said Benrahma.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Willy Kambwala, Jonny Evans, Luke Shaw; Scott McTominay, Kobbie Mainoo; Antony, Bruno Fernandes, Alejandro Garnacho; Rasmus Hojlund.
SUBS: Altay Bayindir, Sergio Reguilon, Rhys Bennett, Christian Eriksen, Hannibal Mejbri, Donny van de Beek, Facundo Pellistri, Sofyan Amrabat, Marcus Rashford.
Having named a much-changed side for the midweek EFL Cup quarter-final defeat at Liverpool, David Moyes makes just two alterations from West Ham's win over Wolves. Areola is back in goal after a wrist injury, while Mavropanos replaces Nayef Aguerd in the heart of defence. The latter misses out through illness, as does Maxwel Cornet, as a long-term knee problem keeps Michail Antonio sidelined.
As for United, Erik ten Hag makes three changes from the goalless draw at Anfield. The most notable sees him hand a senior debut to 19-year-old Kambwala at centre-half. Fernandes returns from suspension and Wan-Bissaka replaces Diogo Dalot, who serves a one-match ban after his red card against Liverpool. Eriksen is back on the bench, where Rashford remains, but Raphael Varane, Casemiro, Harry Maguire, Mason Mount and Lisandro Martinez are absent.
Having prevailed in their previous meeting in May, West Ham are aiming to record successive Premier League victories over United for the first time since a run of three between December 2006 and December 2007.
The teams make their way out onto the field and we are almost ready to go at the London Stadium.
Referee Simon Hooper blows his whistle to get the action under way.
In Kambwala, Mainoo and Garnacho, United are lining up with three teenagers in a Premier League game for only the fifth time. It is also the first time they have do so since May 2021.
SAVE! West Ham threaten early on and the ball sits up nicely for Emerson to strike on the volley. The left-back's effort is creeping towards the bottom-right corner, and Onana has to push it away to safety.
Of course, London has not been a happy hunting ground for United in recent times. In fact, they have won just two of their last 12 Premier League games in the English capital, with both of those coming against Fulham.
The visitors look to create something as Antony clips a lofted ball into the box. But it is straight onto the head of Mavropanos, who nods clear.
Garnacho attacks West Ham down the left flank and his eventual cross is charged down by Alvarez, albeit at the expense of a corner.
United have failed to score in 11 Premier League games in 2023. That is their highest tally in a calendar year since drawing 12 blanks in 2015.
West Ham go on the attack and the ball falls kindly for Bowen to strike on the edge of the penalty area. But he does not connect cleanly and drags his effort well wide of the target.
The Hammers are two goals away from scoring 100 against United in the top flight. A win today would take them onto 30 points after their opening 17 games for the first time since the 2014-15 season.
Fernandes looks to pull the strings as he fizzes the ball into Hojlund. But the ball does not fall kindly for the forward, and Zouma shields it behind for a goal-kick.
The match remains goalless as we pass the midway point in the first half. United have enjoyed more possession, but are still yet to register their first shot on goal.
United have failed to score in three of their four Premier League games in December. That is their most in a single month since January 2020, when they also drew a blank on three occasions.
Coufal sends in a deep cross from the right flank, but McTominay is there to head clear for the visitors.
There is a break in play here. Soucek is in need of attention after sustaining a cut to his left cheek following an aerial collision with Emerson. The midfielder makes his way to the sidelines, but should be fine to continue.
Shaw releases Garnacho, who takes on Coufal before fizzing a low cross into the six-yard area. Hojlund is lurking, but Areola is alert and collects.
United finally register their first shot on goal courtesy of Antony's speculative attempt from distance. It is on target but never troubling Areola, who gathers comfortably.
CHANCE! A poor pass from Kudus invites pressure on West Ham. Antony is first to the loose ball and brilliantly times a through pass for Garnacho to run onto. The Argentine is one-on-one with Areola, but can only shoot straight at the Hammers goalkeeper.
The hosts look to counter with Kudus leading the charge. He finds Bowen, who takes on Kambwala before sending the ball into the centre. Thankfully for United, Evans is alert and makes an important intervention and clearance.
Mavropanos fails to cut out Fernandes' ball to Garnacho, who can subsequently gallop into the penalty area. Paqueta tracks his run all the way and is able to deflect his cross over the crossbar.
Areola looked a little nervy there. After the ball sits up nicely for Mainoo on the edge of the box, the teenager's volley is a tame one, but the West Ham goalkeeper cannot hold onto the ball and it trickles behind for a corner.
Kudus drags back Shaw to prevent the United defender from embarking on a counter. The West Ham midfielder winger can have no complaints at going into the book.
Following a neat United build-up involving Evans and McTominay, Antony sends an inviting ball across the penalty area. It evades the sliding Hojlund before Garnacho sends it into the side-netting.
We are into the first of three additional minutes at the end of this first half at the London Stadium.
Evans catches Kudus late with his sliding challenge and has his name taken by the referee.
From the right wing, Ward-Prowse whips a deep free-kick towards the far post. Soucek meets the delivery, but cannot direct his header towards goal.
HALF-TIME: WEST HAM 0-0 MANCHESTER UNITED
We are still awaiting the breakthrough at the midway point in this match. United, who have enjoyed most of the possession, had the best opportunity of the opening 45 minutes when Garnacho shot straight at Areola from close range, while Emerson stung Onana's palms at the other end.
From the four shots on target so far today, just one of those (the Garnacho chance) came from inside the penalty area. That highlights the need for both sides to be more creative and look to test the two goalkeepers more often when we resume.
We are off and running again at the London Stadium.
A neat build-up down United's left flank culminates in Shaw crossing for Fernandes, who cannot keep his header down.
Fernandes arrived in today's game having created 126 chances in the Premier League in 2023. That is a record tally by a single player during a calendar year in the English top flight.
Fernandes is deemed to have dragged back Kudus and vents his frustration at the decision. The skipper has his name taken as a result.
United have failed to win any of their 12 Premier League away games under Ten Hag against teams that finished the previous season in the top nine. Can they end that streak today?
SAVE! Onana is called into action from a West Ham corner. A trademark Ward-Prowse delivery is met with force by Bowen, but the United goalkeeper turns over his powerful header.
Hojlund's wait for that elusive Premier League goal goes on as he is withdrawn in favour of Rashford.
The game remains goalless as we approach the hour mark at the London Stadium. Who will break the deadlock here?
There is a concern for West Ham as Alvarez stays down following a challenge with Garnacho. The Hammers midfielder eventually returns to his feet, though, and makes his way to the touchline.
Since returning to West Ham, Moyes has overseen just three wins from a possible 31 against sides that finished the previous Premier League season in the top four. Can he buck the trend today against his former club?
Fernandes tries his luck with a left-footed attempt from distance. However, the effort is not the best and is way off target.
GOOD DEFENDING! United threaten down the left flank and Shaw sends a low cross into the six-yard area. Fortunately for West Ham, Zouma is alert and makes a well-timed sliding intervention to prevent a possible tap-in.
Just 20 minutes remain at the London Stadium. Who will grab the initiative and push for the winning goal?
BOWEN!!! 1-0 WEST HAM! The deadlock is finally broken! Bowen scores, but he owes a huge debt of gratitude to Paqueta. The latter produces a delightful lofted throughball with the outside of his left boot. It evades Mainoo and Shaw and reaches Bowen in the six-yard box. The forward's initial shot is blocked by Onana, but the ball ricochets back against him and over the line.
Ten Hag turns straight to the bench and Antony is withdrawn in favour of Pellistri.
Paqueta is adjudged to have kicked the ball away and goes into the book as a result.
Bowen takes his Premier League goal tally for the season to 11 after breaking the deadlock. That is only bettered by Manchester City's Erling Haaland.
KUDUS!!! 2-0 WEST HAM! It's a nightmare for Mainoo! A slight lapse in concentration sees the ball slide under the youngster's foot just outside the centre-circle. Paqueta is onto the ball in a flash and quickly releases Kudus, who races away before drilling a shot beyond the reach of Onana.
Paqueta, whose delicious ball led to the first goal, grabs an assist for the second as his quick pass paved the way for Kudus to do the rest.
That was West Ham's 100th goal against United in the top flight. More importantly, the Hammers lead 2-0 and are in a strong position to move up to sixth in the Premier League table.
Unless they can mount a late fightback, this will be United's 20th loss of 2023 across all competitions. It would be their highest tally in a calendar year since also suffering 20 defeats in 1989.
The visitors make two changes. The first sees debutant Kambwala given a breather with Reguilon coming on in his place.
Garnacho is also given a breather by Ten Hag. Eriksen comes on for his long-awaited return from injury.
Bowen receives a wonderful reception from the home fans as he is given a well-deserved break by Moyes. Fornals replaces him for the final couple of minutes.
Some United fans have seen enough as they head for the exits. This will be their fourth defeat in six games across all competitions.
The visitors launch a late rally in search of a consolation and Rashford is found in the box. He looks to lay the ball off for Pellistri, but West Ham have plenty of numbers back to prevent a clear sight on goal.
The scorer of the second goal, Kudus is also given a brilliant ovation as he makes way for the Hammers. Johnson comes on for the dying moments.
Shaw goes into the book for a rash challenge. That will surely be that at the London Stadium.
FULL-TIME: WEST HAM 2-0 MANCHESTER UNITED
West Ham leapfrog Manchester United to sixth place in the Premier League table following a 2-0 victory at the London Stadium. Two goals in the space of seven second-half minutes sealed the points for the Hammers, as Jarrod Bowen broke the deadlock before Mohammed Kudus pounced on Kobbie Mainoo's error to put the contest to bed. That was a fourth defeat in six games for Erik ten Hag's side, who will look to respond when they host Aston Villa on Boxing Day. As for David Moyes' men, who have now collected 16 points from the last 21 available, they travel to Arsenal two days later. Thank you for joining us today. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League clash from Molineux. We have a Christmas cracker for you here as Wolves host Chelsea!
This is just the second ever Premier League game to be staged on Christmas Eve, after Leeds United beat Manchester United 3-1 back in 1995. Three points will be top of Gary O'Neil's Christmas list with Wolves looking to bounce back from last week's 3-0 defeat to West Ham. The hosts have only won one of their last five Premier League games (one draw, three defeats), but have already taken the scalps of Manchester City and Tottenham on this ground in 2023-24. A victory here would take Wolves above Brentford, Fulham and Bournemouth in the table, and level with 10th-placed Chelsea!
Chelsea, meanwhile, are looking to kick on after Tuesday's EFL Cup quarter-final success against Newcastle United, which saw the Blues advance on penalties after Mykhailo Mudryk scored a stoppage-time equaliser in a 1-1 draw. Mauricio Pochettino's men have lost their last three away Premier League games, last losing more in a row in the competition under Claudio Ranieri in 2000 (five), though a victory here would see them cut the gap to the likes of Newcastle United, Manchester United and Brighton, all of whom have dropped points in the last few days.
WOLVES (3-4-3): Jose Sa; Toti Gomes, Craig Dawson, Maximilian Kilman; Nelson Semedo, Mario Lemina, Joao Gomes, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Hwang Hee-chan, Matheus Cunha, Pablo Sarabia.
WOLVES SUBS: Matt Doherty, Santiago Bueno, Hugo Bueno, Sasa Kalajdzic, Tommy Doyle, Dan Bentley, Ty Barnett, Tawanda Chirewa, Owen Hesketh.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Djordje Petrovic; Malo Gusto, Axel Disasi, Thiago Silva, Levi Colwill; Conor Gallagher, Lesley Ugochukwu; Nicolas Jackson, Cole Palmer, Raheem Sterling; Armando Broja.
CHELSEA SUBS: Benoit Badiashile, Mykhailo Mudryk, Noni Madueke, Marcus Bettinelli, Christopher Nkunku, Ian Maatsen, Romeo Lavia, Lucas Bergstrom, Alex Matos.
O'Neil makes two changes to the side beaten at West Ham a week ago, with Sa returning from a back injury to replace Bentley in goal, while Ait-Nouri comes in for Jean-Ricner Bellegarde. The Frenchman, along with Boubacar Traore and Fabio Silva, is absent through illness, so Barnett, Chirewa and Hesketh feature on a young substitutes' bench. Not among the subs is Pedro Neto, who was touted to return to action for this one but is not involved.
Pochettino, meanwhile, makes three alterations to the team which started against Newcastle in midweek. Badiashile is replaced by Gusto as Disasi moves inside to centre-back, while Moises Caicedo and Enzo Fernandez miss out entirely. Broja and Ugochukwu come in, and we'll have to wait and see how Chelsea line up, with the potential for Jackson to play out wide or partner Broja up front.
The teams are out at Molineux and kick-off is fast approaching! Can either side gift their supporters three points for Christmas? We're about to find out!
We're under way in the final Premier League game before Christmas! Wolves get the ball rolling in their traditional old gold and black, with Chelsea donning a black and blue change kit.
Toti presses high to win the ball back for Wolves, but Gallagher gets ahead of Cunha to intercept his pass, then Kilman outmuscles Broja at the other end to stop a Chelsea break. Broja looks to be leading the line, with Jackson playing just off him for the visitors.
Sterling is frustrated by the decision not to award Chelsea a free-kick after being nudged by Lemina just inside the Wolves half. He has been involved in six goals in his last six Premier League appearances against Wolves, scoring four and assisting two. Five of these involvements have come in four games at Molineux
Semedo sets off on a promising break for Wolves before playing a pass inside for Gomes. The Brazilian has Hwang to his left, but he takes too long to offload and the attack breaks down.
Great defending! Sterling gets down the left as Chelsea hit Wolves on the break. His pass across the box finds Broja in space near the penalty spot, and he looks destined to open the scoring. However, the striker takes too long to shift the ball onto his left foot, and Lemina comes from nowhere with a brilliant challenge, diverting the ball back to Sa.
Now Dawson almost sells Sa short with a volleyed backpass, causing the Wolves 'keeper to race off his line and put his foot through the ball under pressure from Broja.
Wolves are unbeaten in their last six Premier League home games (three wins, three draws) since a 3-1 defeat to Liverpool in September, last having a longer run without defeat at Molineux between January and August 2019 (10).
Another great challenge denies Chelsea! Sterling takes up a dangerous position and slips a pass through towards Jackson. Semedo just does enough to prod the ball back to Sa, taking the ball off the forwards' toes. Chelsea are enjoying a decent spell.
Both teams are using a back four when out of possession, which becomes a three when they regain the ball. Disasi drops inside to look for Broja with a throughball, but Dawson comes across to make the interception.
Chelsea waste another promising position! It's last-ditch stuff from Wolves as Gusto gets down the Chelsea right to cross, but his low delivery has too much on it for Broja in the middle. Sterling keeps it alive to tee up Gallagher for a shot, and Gomes bravely throws himself in front of it.
Gusto is taking up a very high position for Chelsea on the right, and he's causing Wolves problems. It's been a promising start for the visitors, with Wolves spending much of the game defending their own area.
Sterling breezes past Semedo on the left before sending in a low cross, which is cleared behind for a corner by Kilman. Chelsea work the set-piece short to Jackson, who eventually wins another.
Chelsea go short from the second corner too, but Sterling's floated cross is then easily caught by Sa. Wolves need to enjoy a spell on the ball to calm things down here.
There's a concern for Wolves here, with Ait-Nouri going down on the left flank as Dawson sends a searching pass out of play. The home players take on instructions from O'Neil as the left wing-back receives treatment.
Ait-Nouri looks okay to continue, which is positive news for Wolves. The Algerian has enjoyed a good season, and Wolves missed him when he was absent through injury for recent games against Nottingham Forest and West Ham.
That's excellent work from Lemina again, stepping across Palmer to recover possession as the former Manchester City man looked to wriggle into the box. Wolves then lose possession cheaply, however, as Hwang puts too much on a flick intended for Sarabia.
Now Sterling is down after being caught by a follow-through from Semedo, who won possession before making contact with the winger's shin. There's a brief VAR check for a possible red card, which is quickly cleared – it wasn't even a foul. Sterling is soon back to his feet.
Gallagher is fortunate to win a free-kick as Lemina presses him from behind 25 yards from the Chelsea goal. Wolves might have been in there – the home fans aren't happy.
MISSED CHANCE! Sterling pops up on the right this time, sending a looping cross towards Jackson at the far post. He's totally unmarked and has time to pick his spot, but he gets his first touch all wrong and the ball runs away from him! That was poor from the striker.
Wolves win a free-kick slightly to the left of centre, 30 yards from goal, but Sarabia sends an awful cross straight out of play. Wolves have offered nothing going forward to this point.
Wolves have scored in each of their last 15 Premier League home games. It's their longest scoring streak at Molineux in the top flight since a run of 16 between August and March in 1969-70, but they'll need to step things up to keep it going here.
It's more encouraging from Wolves as Ait-Nouri overlaps Cunha to cut it back for Sarabia, but the Spaniard's touch is loose before the flag goes up against Ait-Nouri anyway. The final ball needs to be better, but at least they're showing more endeavour.
Chelsea are millimetres away from winning a penalty! Sterling latches onto a loose pass from Sarabia before darting towards the area, causing Lemina to scythe him down right on the line. The referee signals for a free-kick rather than a penalty, and replays show the foul was outside the box.
Lemina is booked for that foul as Sterling lines up the free-kick.
OVER! Sterling beats the wall with his free-kick, but he can't get enough dip on the shot as it flies over Sa's crossbar.
Now Wolves have a free-kick in a shooting position as Gallagher chops down Ait-Nouri on the edge of the D. Sarabia is lining up a shot from this set-piece, which is dead central, 25 yards from goal.
CLOSE! Sarabia's free-kick takes a nick off Ugochukwu in the wall and drops just wide of the right-hand post. Corner to Wolves.
SA WITH A BIG SAVE! Wolves make nothing of the corner and are forced all the way back to Sa. The goalkeeper inexplicably plays a pass to Gomes when the Brazilian is being pressed from behind, and Sterling steals it to race through on goal. He has a chance to square to Jackson but opts to shoot himself, and Sa spreads himself to make a vital one-on-one save! He had to make up for his earlier error.
What a chance that was for Chelsea, Sterling had two men up with him but opted against squaring it, and Sa atoned for his error with a massive stop. Now Palmer blazes over from range, and Wolves have a goal-kick.
Lemina and Ugochukwu compete for a bouncing ball and the Chelsea man is caught, but the referee opts against blowing for a foul. Lemina has been booked already and needs to be careful.
It's been one-way traffic so far, with Chelsea managing seven shots to Wolves' one and creating 0.95 expected goals (xG) to the hosts' 0.1.
Hwang is comfortably offside as Toti looks to play a lofted pass down the left-hand channel for the South Korean to chase. Wolves have had a few encouraging spells in midfield, but they're yet to get their front players into the game.
Good goalkeeping! Petrovic has to race off his line with Semedo looking to latch onto a pinpoint throughball in behind Colwill. Chelsea's stand-in 'keeper gets there first with a crucial clearance.
Pressure! Lemina shows neat footwork to find Semedo on the overlap, and the wing-back's cross deflects up into the air and onto Lemina's chest. His scuffed shot almost puts Hwang in on goal, but he's forced wide by Petrovic and can only win a corner.
Wolves fail to make anything of the right-wing set-piece, but they come straight back on the other side through Ait-Nouri to win another.
Wide! The second corner finds Dawson at the back post with Petrovic pinned back on his line, but he's just crowded out as he sends a downward header off-target. Wolves are growing into the contest.
This is much better from Wolves. Semedo bursts forward to cross for Gomes, and it's just helped away from the Brazilian by Silva. Sarabia shoots low on the volley, and it almost deflects into the path of Hwang inside the six-yard box! It's another Wolves corner.
Chelsea stand firm to clear the set-piece again, then Dawson is caught offside from the second ball into the area.
OVER! Wolves miss their best chance of the half! Kilman lifts a great ball over the top of the Chelsea defence, with Petrovic unsure whether to come out or stay on his line. He opts for the latter, and he's fortunate to see Hwang blast his volley over the top from the right side of the box.
We will have two minutes of stoppage time to end this first period.
LUCKY ESCAPE FOR WOLVES! Dawson concedes a free-kick on the Chelsea right, which Gallagher swings into the area. Sa almost drops the ball at an attacker's feet before claiming it at the second attempt, then his rushed throw out to Cunha puts the hosts back in trouble. Cunha is second to it, and Palmer advances to the edge of the D before shooting over. Wolves are causing their own problems here.
HALF-TIME: WOLVES 0-0 CHELSEA.
An entertaining first half ends with Wolves and Chelsea still goalless in this Christmas Eve clash. The visitors have had the better chances, though the hosts have been guilty of playing themselves into trouble on more than a few occasions. Sterling wasted the best opportunity of the game when pouncing on a mix-up between Sa and Gomes, but the Wolves 'keeper redeemed himself with a big save. At the other end, Hwang went closest as Wolves grew into the game at the end of the half, but volleying over after being released by Kilman. It's all to play for in the second half!
Wolves barely offered anything in attack for the first 25 minutes or so, but they've now racked up five shots worth 0.5 expected goals (xG). They have yet to hit the target with any of those attempts, however, while Chelsea have only done so twice from eight efforts totalling 0.99 xG. Both bosses will want more from their attacking players after the break.
Chelsea striker Broja gets the ball rolling for the second half. Can either side find a winner?
The home fans are frustrated as Ait-Nouri is penalised following a tussle with Gusto near halfway, despite the Chelsea man having a fistful of his opponents' shirt throughout.
Chelsea have only scored 20 of their 56 big chances in the Premier League this season, failing to convert more than any other side (36). Will Maurico Pochettino's men show more of a cutting edge in the second half? They have last season's leading Bundesliga goalscorer, Nkunku, in reserve if the Argentine decides to make a change.
SO CLOSE FOR WOLVES! Silva dwells on the ball and is dispossessed by Hwang on the edge of the Chelsea box. The South Korean tees up Gomes to shoot, and his effort deflects off Ugochukwu before drifting narrowly wide of the bottom-left corner. Petrovic was beaten!
There's a VAR check on a possible handball by Ugochukwu, but it's swiftly cleared. No penalty, his arms were down by his side.
MASSIVE SAVE! Wolves' first corner is headed behind for another, and the second delivery is knocked back across the area to Lemina at the far post. Totally unmarked, the midfielder powers his header straight at Petrovic! The hosts should have gone ahead there!
Now Wolves win another corner as Sarabia tees up Hwang on the overlap, and Colwill gets back to knock it behind.
GOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! LEMINA PUTS WOLVES AHEAD! Wolves have caused Chelsea so many problems from set-pieces, and they finally take advantage of one to go 1-0 up! Sarabia swings his deep corner-kick towards the far post, where Lemina glances a deft header into the bottom-left corner! Molineux erupts!
Sarabia sent in a pinpoint delivery, and Lemina got a touch inside a crowded penalty area to divert the ball home.
Chelsea are rocking now as Cunha hares past Disasi, who appears to hold onto the Brazilian. He squares for Hwang, who goes down under pressure from Colwill while trying to turn on the penalty spot. The home fans want a penalty, but a VAR check clears the incident and the hosts have to settle for another corner.
Save! The corner runs too long but Toti keeps it alive at the back to find Lemina. He unleashes a shot from distance which Petrovic almost drops at his near post… but the Chelsea 'keeper recovers!
JACKSON SHOULD SCORE! Wolves almost gift Chelsea a leveller as Jackson pounces on a mix-up between Kilman and Semedo to bear down on goal. He takes too long over his shot, however, and Wolves recover to snuff out the danger.
Palmer is booked for petulantly kicking the ball away after Chelsea concede a throw-in. It's a costly caution, too, as he'll now be suspended for the Blues' next game against Crystal Palace.
Ugochukwu is down and receiving treatment from the Chelsea medical staff. It looks as though the midfielder may have to be withdrawn here.
Mudryk is also on, with Broja replaced after struggling up top.
Pochettino makes an attacking change as Ugochukwu hobbles off. Nkunku comes on for his Premier League debut.
It's a very attacking lineup out there for Chelsea now, with Nkunku supporting Jackson up front. Gallagher and Palmer are playing centrally, with Mudryk and Sterling wide.
Now Chelsea pick up another soft booking, with Gusto seeing yellow for kicking the ball away.
Sterling isn't happy as the winger is penalised for a push in the back of Toti, who chopped his opponent down after hitting the ground himself, just inside the Wolves box. The hosts might be slightly fortunate here, but after a VAR check, it's a free-kick to Wolves rather than a penalty to Chelsea.
Now Jackson is booked for the eighth time in the Premier League this season, for dissent. Chelsea need to keep their heads here.
OFF THE LINE! Wolves are under real pressure as Mudryk plays a cute ball in behind for Gallagher. He sees his cutback deflected up into the air as Sa makes the rash decision to come out, allowing Nkunku to prod the loose ball goalwards. It beats Sa, it beats Dawson, but Toti is back as the second defender on the goal line to clear! That was mightily close to 1-1!
Cunha is booked for dissent as Chelsea win a free-kick on the right, which they fail to make anything of.
GREAT BLOCK! Chelsea are turning up the pressure! Nkunku pops up on the edge of the box to find Sterling, who looks destined to level as he blasts goalwards from the right side of the area. Dawson flies in to make a brilliant block and preserve Wolves' lead, at the expense of a corner.
Dawson is still down after making that block and appears to be in some discomfort. Santiago Bueno is receiving instructions on the sidelines, with O'Neil potentially being forced into a change.
Since a 5-2 win at Molineux in September 2019, Chelsea are winless in their last three away Premier League games against Wolves (one draw, two losses). All four of their away wins at Wolves have been under different managers (Claudio Ranieri, Carlo Ancelotti, Andre Villas-Boas and Frank Lampard).
A stretcher may be needed for Dawson here, who is definitely not going to be able to continue. Santiago Bueno will replace him.
Santiago Bueno gets a rare outing as Dawson hobbles off the pitch behind Sa's goal.
After a stoppage of around three minutes, Mudryk whips the Chelsea corner into the centre. Lemina clears, then Sarabia is just unable to bring the ball under his spell when Wolves looked to have a three-on-two break on.
Mudryk gets down the right to cross towards Jackson, prompting Kilman to hammer behind for another corner. Chelsea take it quickly as they look to keep the pace up, and Kilman makes another strong clearing header. We have 18 to play plus stoppage time.
Mudryk goes down softly under pressure from Toti and Wolves get a goal-kick. Manchester City loanee Doyle is ready to enter the fray as O'Neil looks to wrestle back control of this match. Chelsea had been building up a head of steam.
Gallagher may be fortunate to avoid a second yellow card! Mudryk plays a terrible pass back to his stand-in captain, who is beaten to it by Hwang and chops him down. The referee has a think, but a free-kick is the only punishment issued.
O'Neil makes his second change, with Doyle replacing Sarabia as Wolves go 3-5-2.
CLOSE! Wolves almost get a second as Ait-Nouri finds Cunha with a clever backheel on the left side of the box. The Brazilian goes for the near post with his low effort, but it hits the side netting with Petrovic scrambling!
Wolves squander two good opportunities on the break! First, Doyle crosses straight at Petrovic, then Cunha runs into traffic with options right and left. This game is becoming stretched now!
Gallagher whips a terrific ball across the face of goal, but no Chelsea players are attacking it and Mudryk comes out second-best against Semedo after keeping it alive at the back! Chelsea are about to make three changes in pursuit of a leveller.
Maatsen is introduced in place of Colwill in an offensive change at left-back.
Chelsea make changes in both full-back positions, with Badiashile on for Gusto.
Jackson is also withdrawn to cheers from the home fans. It hasn't been the striker's day, and Nkunku will now play up front with Madueke coming on out wide.
SAVE! Gomes steals possession to set Wolves on the break, before slipping a pass infield to Cunha. He offloads to Doyle to his right, and the midfielder lashes a powerful shot towards the far corner from 25 yards out, only to see Petrovic beat it away. Good stop!
Good defending! Chelsea come forward menacingly after Wolves appeal for a free-kick at the other end. Madueke crosses towards Nkunku, and Kilman gets back to nod it behind for a corner.
ACTION AT BOTH ENDS! Wolves struggle to clear the corner as it's nodded up in the air inside the six-yard box, but Nkunku can't generate enough power as he sends a tame effort straight into the gloves of Sa. The Wolves 'keeper then spots Hwang all alone on the halfway line, begging to be played through on goal, but his long kick flies out of play, much to Chelsea's relief!
O'Neil is making two defensive changes here. Doherty replaces Cunha.
Hugo Bueno, meanwhile, is on for Ait-Nouri in a straight swap at left wing-back.
Great play by Hwang, who spins his marker from a throw-in high on the Wolves right before seeing his cross cleared behind for a corner.
Wolves fail to make anything of the corner and Nkunku looks to break for Chelsea, but Semedo gets back to make a crucial clearance on halfway. Palmer then tries to work his way into the Wolves six-yard box, but he overruns it behind for a goal-kick.
Doherty is playing ahead of Semedo on the Wolves right as they look to hold on for victory. Hwang is the lone attacker for the hosts as they sit in and dare Chelsea to break them down.
DANGER! Sa flaps at Madueke's right-wing cross but fortunately for Wolves, Doherty gets there ahead of Maatsen at the far post. The hosts will have plenty more defending to do, however…
We will have a minimum of 11 minutes of stoppage time here! The home fans aren't pleased about that announcement!
Madueke cuts inside from the right, but instead of looking for a team-mate, he blasts a poor effort well wide of Sa's right-hand post. The visitors need to do much better than that.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLL! DOHERTY MAKES IT 2-0! Molineux erupts as Wolves surely seal the three points! Hugo Bueno gets down the left wing to cross, and Badiashile can only divert it into the path of Doherty as he looks to clear. The substitute has time to steady himself, and he guides a side-footed finish to Petrovic's left to score his first Premier League goal since returning to the club!
Molineux is absolutely bouncing now, but we do still have at least seven minutes to play! Chelsea had put their hosts under plenty of pressure, though, so that feels like a big goal.
GOOOOOAAAAAALLLL! CHELSEA ARE BACK IN IT! Nkunku with a debut Premier League goal! It's game on at Molineux again as Sterling gets down the right to cross, and Nkunku guides a glancing header into the bottom-left corner when left unmarked. 2-1 with at least five minutes to go!
Sterling gets the assist with a great cross to the near post, but Wolves' marking was poor! Nkunku had plenty of space to guide his header past Sa.
Sterling digs out a cross from the right as Chelsea load the box again… but Sa plucks it out of the air. He'll be in no hurry to get the ball clear.
Sterling gets into the area, knocks the ball past Gomes and goes down… The referee books him for diving! The winger threw himself to the turf, and that caution means he – like Palmer – will be suspended for Chelsea's next game against Crystal Palace.
Hugo Bueno is booked for a cynical foul on Madueke, stopping the Chelsea wideman from escaping up the line with a clear trip.
Now Chelsea's substitute goalkeeper Bettinelli is booked for dissent.
The home fans are baying for the final whistle as Chelsea hoist the ball forward towards Mudryk… and it runs out of play on the left wing! Wolves are almost there!
ALMOST 3-1! Hwang does brilliantly to flick Doyle's header beyond a defender, then the South Korean races towards goal. He goes down under pressure from Silva, and Gomes is just unable to scramble the ball goalwards, but that break forward might be enough to get Wolves over the line!
FULL-TIME: WOLVES 2-1 CHELSEA.
The full-time whistle sounds at Molineux, and Gary O'Neil gets three points for Christmas! Wolves hold on for a huge 2-1 win over Chelsea, following up their victories over Manchester City and Tottenham with another huge Molineux scalp! The hosts' outstanding performer Lemina put them ahead with a glancing header after Chelsea had several close escapes from corners early in the second half, then Toti and Dawson made heroic blocks to keep their lead intact, the latter getting injured in the process. Wolves looked to have wrapped up the points after 93 minutes, when substitute Doherty stroked home a second after good work from Hugo Bueno, but Nkunku ensured a nervy finish with a goal on his Premier League debut. The hosts clung on, however, to move level on points with Chelsea in the Premier League table, jumping ahead of Brentford, Bournemouth and Fulham. They will be 11th in the table on Christmas Day and go to Brentford for their next game on Wednesday, while Chelsea sit 10th ahead of their clash with Crystal Palace on the same day. That's all from Molineux, we hope you're enjoyed our coverage and we wish you all a merry Christmas!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Boxing Day Premier League fixture between Bournemouth and Fulham at the Vitality Stadium.
Bournemouth have enjoyed some impressive performances at the Vitality Stadium this season and have earned seven points from their last three home games in the Premier League (W2 D1). The Cherries have lost just one of their previous 12 league meetings with Fulham, with their only defeat coming back in 2019. Andoni Iraola’s side are yet to win a game in England’s top flight when playing on Boxing Day (D3 L2), so the South Coast club will be hoping they can break that curse in today’s fixture.
Fulham travel to Bournemouth looking to put an end to a disappointing run of games on the road. The Cottagers haven’t won away from home in the Premier League since the opening day of the season, leaving them without a win in their last eight away fixtures (D3 L5). Marco Silva’s side have lost their last three away matches while conceding at least three goals in each of those games. A win could see Fulham climb into the top half of the Premier League, leapfrogging today’s opponents, Wolves, and Chelsea into 10th place.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Dango Ouattara, Marcos Senesi, Illia Zabarnyi, Adam Smith; Ryan Christie, Alex Scott; Marcus Tavernier, Justin Kluivert, Antoine Semenyo; Dominic Solanke.
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Max Aarons, Philip Billing, David Brooks, Ben Greenwood, Chris Mepham, Kieffer Moore, Joe Rothwell, Luis Sinisterra, Mark Travers.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Antonee Robinson, Calvin Bassey, Tosin Adarabioyo, Kenny Tete; Tom Cairney, Joao Palhinha; Alex Iwobi, Andreas Pereira, Bobby De Cordova-Reid; Rodrigo Muniz.
FULHAM SUBS: Carlos Vinicius, Fode Ballo-Toure, Timothy Castagne, Issa Diop, Luke Harris, Sasa Lukic, Harrison Reed, Marek Rodak, Harry Wilson.
Iraola has made two changes from Bournemouth’s most recent fixture against Nottingham Forest, where the Cherries won 3-2 at The City Ground. In midfield, Lewis Cook misses out, with Scott coming into the starting XI. Elsewhere, Billing drops to the bench, with Kluivert earning a place in the team.
Meanwhile, Silva has also made two alterations from Fulham’s disappointing defeat at home to Burnley. At right-back, Tete comes in to replace Castagne, who drops to the bench. Further forward, Wilson is also named among the substitutes, with De Cordova-Reid coming into the starting XI.
The players are soon to be making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off. When the two sides last met in Premier League action, Bournemouth were victorious 2-1 at Vitality Stadium last season. Marcus Tavernier scored first for the Cherries in the 50th minute, while Dominic Solanke also was on target. Andreas Pereira scored the lone goal for the Cottagers in the 16th minute.
Christie gets the game under way for Bournemouth at the Vitality Stadium!
Iwobi and Cairney link up well on the left-hand side before the former sends a cross-field pass towards De Cordova-Reid, but Ouattara is able to snuff out the danger. The Cherries are deep and compact when the away side have the ball, but they look ready to hit them on the counter-attack when necessary.
Fulham enjoy a spell of possession before Iwobi sends a cross towards the back post, but Ouattara is there to head behind for a corner. Pereira is set to take it, and he picks out De Cordova-Reid on the edge of the penalty area, but his volley is blocked and the Cherries are able to clear.
Kluivert shows great movement to create space for himself on the right-hand side. He gets to the byline and looks to clip a cross towards the run of Solanke, but Leno rushes out of his goal and gathers. The Cottagers then counter-attack and the ball eventually finds Tete, who cuts onto his left before unleashing a strike towards goal, but it goes flying over the bar.
Chance! It's Kluivert once again who makes a run in behind and is found inside the penalty area. He cuts it back to Solanke who goes to strike it first time, but his shot is deflected behind for a corner. The delivery comes in and there is a scramble in the box, but Robinson is eventually able to hoof the ball away from danger. Bournemouth are turning the screw.
Fulham attempt to hit the Cherries on the break as the ball is fed out wide to Tete. He gets it out of his feet and looks to cross into the box, but his delivery flies behind for a goal-kick. Silva's men need a little more quality in the final third if they want to have a chance of opening the scoring here today.
It's been a slow start for both sides from an attacking perspective, with neither team able to test the opposition goalkeeper with a meaningful opportunity. Fulham have had one shot on target since the game got underway, but it was comfortable for Neto between the sticks. It's been a game of limited quality so far.
Fulham now have a chance from the corner and Iwobi goes short to Pereira. It's then given to Cairney on the edge of the penalty area, and he looks to find De Cordova-Reid with a reversed pass, but it goes behind for a goal-kick to Bournemouth. Silva will be disappointed with the lack of quality in the final third from his side.
Muniz wriggles away from his marker and shifts it out wide to Tete, but once again, his cross lets him down and he fails to find a team-mate. His delivery evades everyone, but Bournemouth eventually concede a corner. It's to be taken by Pereira and it's crossed towards the front post, but after a scramble in the box it's cleared.
Fulham and Bournemouth are both struggling to sustain spells of possession and keep surrendering the ball to each other. Neither manager will be too pleased with how their team have started the game, with the match being played in typical lacklustre Boxing Day fashion.
Fulham have enjoyed 58.8 per cent of the ball but haven't been a significant threat in the final third. The Cottagers have created just 0.18 expected goals (xG) since the game got under way, and they need to show some creativity and attacking quality if they want to take advantage of their possession.
Pereira sends a hopeful ball over the top which eventually falls to Muniz. He cuts inside and attempts an ambitious effort from range, but his shot is blocked. The Cottagers keep possession and Robinson bursts down the left before looking for a team-mate with a cross towards the back post, but Bournemouth are able to deal with the danger.
Cairney finds De Cordova-Reid with a throughball on the right-hand side, but he can't quite create anything meaningful. He attempts a delivery into the box but it's blocked by an opposition player, and Fulham half-heartedly appeal for a penalty, but nothing is given.
Kluivert must do better! He's found just inside the box and bears down on goal, with just the goalkeeper to beat. He takes his time with it and eventually unleashes a strike, aiming towards the front post, but Tosin recovers well and is able to block his effort. The Bournemouth forward needed to get his shot off a little earlier, and it's gone behind for a corner.
We've still only seen one shot on target between the two teams in the first half so far. Fulham and Bournemouth have struggled to create too many chances, with both sides defending reasonably well. It's been a game of minimal quality in the final third, but Bournemouth have looked the more likely if anything.
A corner for the Cherries is now delivered by Scott towards the back post, but Tosin rises above everyone to head away. It's only as far as Tavernier who cuts onto his left and strikes it, but it's deflected behind for another corner. Scott is there to take again, but he fails to beat the first man and Fulham can break.
Smith is down and looks in some discomfort for the Cherries. The medical team are on the pitch giving him treatment after the Bournemouth defender clashed with Robinson. It appears to be a potential shoulder injury. It looks as though he's going to be able to continue, at least for now.
After a short delay and treatment, Smith is back on the pitch. The Cherries do have Aarons who is on the bench after being missing in recent weeks, but Bournemouth don't need to make a change just yet, with Smith back on his feet and returning to action.
Fulham now have an opportunity from a free-kick, with Pereira set to deliver. He whips it towards Bassey at the back post, but Bournemouth are able to clear. The Cherries now look to counter, but Tete recovers well to force a throw-in. Silva won't be happy with how little his side have produced in attack.
GOOOOAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! It's an absolutely superb assist from Scott, who did everything in the build-up to that goal. The former Bristol City midfielder dances through multiple challenges in the midfield before bursting into the penalty area. He lays the ball into the path of Kluivert, who squeezes a strike into the back of the net! Leno should do better, but the Cherries won't mind!
Scott evaded the tackles of multiple Fulham players before playing a perfectly-weighted pass into the path of Kluivert.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of three minutes of added time.
HALF-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 1-0 FULHAM
Bournemouth go into the break with a 1-0 lead over Fulham at the Vitality Stadium. It's been a game of minimal chances for both sides, but Scott was the man to show some quality, grabbing the game by the horns. The young midfielder danced through multiple defenders deep inside the Fulham half, before slotting the ball into the path of Kluivert, who buried it home. Neither manager will be over the moon with how their team played in the opening 45 minutes, but the Cherries have a narrow lead despite their lack of chances. Iraola will undoubtedly be looking to get Scott on the ball more often after his sensational assist in the first half.
Despite going into the break at 1-0, the Cherries have created just 0.59 expected goals (xG) since the game got underway, with 0.25 xG coming from Kluivert's goal. Silva will be incredibly disappointed by how little his side have created. The Cottagers have managed just one shot on target so far. Could we see Fulham make an attacking change early in the second half, with Wilson and Vinicius waiting on the bench?
Pereira gets the second half under way at the Vitality Stadium for Fulham!
Iwobi finds the run of Robinson on the left-hand side and the Fulham defender goes down under the challenge of Tavernier, but the referee waves play on. The travelling support aren't happy, and the Cherries are able to clear the danger. The ball eventually comes to Robinson once again on the left, but his delivery is too strong.
Fulham keep possession on the left-hand side, with Pereira and Iwobi exchanging passes. The ball eventually finds Robinson on the left who bursts past his marker and gets to the byline, but his delivery into the box is well-held by Neto and Bournemouth are able to regain possession.
Muniz controls a pass from Leno and finds Cairney on the right-hand side. He has Tete on the overlap but cuts inside onto his stronger left foot, sending a searching delivery towards the back post. However, it evades all of his team-mates and trickles behind for a goal-kick. The Cottages are struggling with their end product.
Since the break, neither side have managed to produce a shot just yet - it's been a similar story to the first half. Fulham have enjoyed plenty of the ball since half-time, managing to have 74.3 per cent of the possession, but Silva's side aren't able to produce anything dangerous with it.
Fulham have a free-kick in a dangerous position with Cairney and Pereira standing over it. The latter goes to take and aims towards goal, but it's a tame effort and it bounces into the arms of Neto. The Brazilian midfielder slipped when striking the ball, but it would have taken something special to score from there anyway.
PENALTY TO BOURNEMOUTH! It's a fantastic run from Semenyo who drives into the penalty area, and Palhinha barges into the back of him, sending him to the ground. The referee doesn't hesitate, and he points to the spot! Solanke has the ball in his hands...
Leno is booked for delaying the taking of the penalty for Bournemouth.
GOOOOAAAAALLL! 2-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Solanke dispatches the penalty with ease. Leno attempted to distract the Bournemouth players before the penalty was taken, leading to him receiving a yellow card. The English striker stepped up and sent the Fulham goalkeeper the wrong way, doubling the Cherries' lead!
Pereira is the latest player to go into the book for Fulham.
Fulham are pushing to get back into this game, but Silva's side are lacking quality in the final third once again. Palhinha is the latest player to try and create something for the Cottagers, but he's outmuscled in the penalty area and fails to deliver his cross into the danger zone.
Bournemouth want another penalty, and they could have an argument. Kluivert was upended inside the Fulham penalty area by Robinson, and the supporters at the Vitality Stadium erupt. They are convinced it's a foul, but the referee waves play on for now. VAR haven't recommended a review, so it might not be a clear and obvious error on second viewing.
With the Cottagers looking to find a way back into the game, Bassey helps the ball back into the penalty area, finding Muniz in space unmarked. The Fulham striker swivels and strikes it first-time towards goal, but Neto is there to save comfortably and the Cherries regain possession. There's some activity on the bench. It looks as though Silva is going to make some changes.
Pereira finds Iwobi who slots a throughball down the left-hand side towards Robinson, who has burst forward from defence. The Fulham left-back fires a dangerous cross into the box, but none of his team-mates can divert it towards goal. Silva's side have predominantly looked to create down the left-hand side, but it's not worked out so far.
Bournemouth's first change sees Sinisterra come on for Semenyo, who is yet to complete a 90 minutes this season in the Premier League.
In attack, Billing enters the fray in place of Kluivert, who opened the scoring for Bournemouth.
There's an alteration at right-back for Fulham, with Castagne coming on for Tete.
De Cordova-Reid's game is over as Silva goes in search of a goal. Wilson is the player to replace him.
Leno might consider himself lucky not to have received a second yellow! Fulham have a goal-kick and the German goalkeeper looks to retrieve the ball from a ballboy who is taking his time, and the German goalkeeper proceeds to push the young lad away after clutching the ball away from him. It was only the slightest of touches from Leno, but he's got to be careful when already on a yellow.
Pereira sends a ball over the top of the Bournemouth defence in search of Muniz, but it's easily cut out by Zabarnyi who fires it out for a Fulham throw-in. The Cherries have looked incredibly comfortable at the back with Silva's side showing minimal attacking intent. The Cottagers need to show more in the final stages of the game.
Billing and Ouattara work the ball well on the left for Bournemouth before they pass the ball into midfield, patiently keeping possession. The Cherries are recycling the ball with Scott dictating the tempo. A long pass now finds Solanke who looks to cut it back to Billing, but the flag has gone up for offside. The Cherries are trying to see out the game in the final stages.
Ballo-Toure now comes on in place of Robinson for Fulham at left-back.
Silva makes another alteration and it's a straight swap in midfield. Cairney comes off with Lukic his replacement.
Fulham make an attacking change as they try and get back into the game, with Vinicius coming on for Pereira.
Time is running out for Fulham as they look to get back into this one. They haven't been at the races so far and have struggled to create anything clear-cut in either half of the game. Bournemouth are in cruise control in the final few minutes as they attempt to hold onto their lead at the Vitality Stadium.
Brooks comes on in the last few moments of the game, replacing Tavernier for the Cherries.
Brooks plays a one-two with Sinisterra on the right-hand side and bursts into the Fulham penalty area. He cuts onto his left foot and shifts the ball away from Bassey before looking to curl one beyond Leno between the sticks, but the German goalkeeper is able to save comfortably and regains possession.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of six minutes of added time at the end of the game.
GOOOAAAAAALLL!! 3-0 BOURNEMOUTH!! The Cherries have looked to keep possession in the final few minutes of the game, but Sinisterra had other ideas! Brooks feeds him the ball on the left, and he cuts back onto his right, before unleashing from range. He takes aim from outside of the penalty area, and the ball flies into the top corner. Leno had no chance!
Brooks laid the ball into the path of Sinisterra, and the Bournemouth winger did the rest.
The Bournemouth fans are singing Iraola's name as the game reaches the final few minutes. It was a slow start, but the Cherries have dominated proceedings since the break. Fulham are still pushing, but they've struggled to break Bournemouth down all match.
FULL-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 3-0 FULHAM
Bournemouth secure a 3-0 victory over Fulham at the Vitality Stadium. It's a scoreline that's potentially flattered the Cherries, but there's no doubt they deserved to take the three points. The first half saw minimal chances for both teams, but a moment of magic from Scott saw him lay the ball on a plate for Kluivert for the Cherries to take the lead. Silva's men came out after the break, enjoying more of the possession with Bournemouth happy to sit back, but Iraola's side doubled their lead as Solanke dispatched a penalty, scoring his 12th goal of the season. Sinisterra wrapped up the three points in the final few seconds, sending the supporters home with a late Christmas present as he fired into the top corner from range. Bournemouth now travel to Tottenham on New Year's Eve, while Fulham will look to bounce back against London rivals Arsenal. That's all for today, goodbye!
nan
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League clash as Brentford host Wolves at the Gtech Community Stadium!
Brentford are looking to provide their fans with some much-needed festive cheer here, having lost five of their last six Premier League games (one win), including each of their last three in a row. Hampered by injuries to the likes of Bryan Mbeumo and Rico Henry and with star striker Ivan Toney still banned over breaches of the Football Association's betting rules, the Bees have slipped to 14th in the table, though a win here would take them above Fulham and Wolves, and potentially Chelsea depending on the Blues' result against Crystal Palace elsewhere on Wednesday. Thomas Frank and his men have had plenty of time to prepare, with Manchester City's successful FIFA Club World Cup campaign meaning they were last in action 10 days ago.
Wolves, on the other hand, last turned out on Christmas Eve, but Gary O'Neil's team gave their fans the best possible present with a 2-1 win over Chelsea. Mario Lemina and Matt Doherty were on target as they continued their knack of turning over the big clubs at Molineux, but their away form has been disappointing for some time. Indeed, Wolves have won just five of their last 35 Premier League away games (seven draws, 23 defeats), losing 10 of their last 13, but a rare road win here in west London would take them within four points of the top eight.
BRENTFORD (4-3-3): Mark Flekken; Mads Roerslev, Nathan Collins, Ethan Pinnock, Saman Ghoddos; Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt, Yehor Yarmoliuk; Yoane Wissa, Neal Maupay, Keane Lewis-Potter.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Mathias Jensen, Zanka, Thomas Strakosha, Mikkel Damsgaard, Myles Peart-Harris, Michael Olakigbe, Ethan Brierley, Vincent Angelini, Valentino Adedokun.
WOLVES (3-4-3): Jose Sa; Maximilian Kilman, Santiago Bueno, Toti Gomes; Nelson Semedo, Mario Lemina, Joao Gomes, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Hwang Hee-chan, Matheus Cunha, Pablo Sarabia.
WOLVES SUBS: Matt Doherty, Pedro Neto, Hugo Bueno, Sasa Kalajdzic, Tommy Doyle, Dan Bentley, Jean-Ricner Bellegarde, Joe Hodge, Tawanda Chirewa.
Frank makes three changes to the team which began Brentford's 2-1 defeat to Aston Villa on this ground 10 days ago, with Ben Mee suspended while Zanka and Damsgaard drop to the bench. Yarmoliuk, Maupay and Collins are brought in, the latter to face the club he left in July. Mbeumo, Toney, Henry, Aaron Hickey, Kevin Schade, Kristoffer Ajer, Joshua Dasilva and Frank Onyeka are all unavailable as the Bees continue to face something of a selection crisis.
O'Neil only makes one change to the team which faced Chelsea three days ago, with Craig Dawson unable to recover after sustaining a deep cut to his knee during that game. Santiago Bueno replaces him in the heart of Wolves' back three, but there is positive news for the visitors elsewhere as Neto is named among the substitutes, around two months after suffering a hamstring injury. Hodge and Bellegarde also return to the bench after being unavailable last time out.
Since a 2-0 win at Tottenham in February 2022, Wolves are winless in their last 14 Premier League away games against London sides (three draws, 11 defeats). Can they end that rotten run in the capital here? We're about to find out!
We're under way in west London as Maupay gets the ball rolling for the hosts. Brentford are in their traditional red and white stripes, with Wolves donning a sky blue third kit.
As we expected, it looks like Brentford have started in a 4-3-3 shape as they bid to end their poor run of form. With the likes of Luton Town and Nottingham Forest earning valuable results over the festive period, some Bees fans may be glancing nervously over their shoulders.
Wolves concede a cheap corner as Santiago Bueno's clearance hammers off Wissa then rebounds back onto the Uruguayan before going behind. Brentford work it short for Lewis-Potter to cross… but it's an easy catch for Sa.
Semedo cuts out Maupay's pass before leading the Wolves counterattack, but then he plays a dismal ball of his own out to his right, allowing Brentford to snuff out the danger.
Block! Kilman glides out of defence elegantly before finding Ait-Nouri inside the Brentford area. The left-back cuts it back to Cunha, who in turn offloads for Gomes to strike… but it's bravely blocked at close quarters.
Now Brentford attack down their left as Lewis-Potter digs out an excellent cross towards the lurking Wissa… but Toti gets back to nod it behind for a corner. We've had an end-to-end start here.
Janelt meets the corner at the near post, but Cunha is behind him to block his flick behind for another set-piece. The next delivery is nodded up in the air, but it drops for a sky blue shirt to clear.
Only two of Hwang's eight Premier League goals for Wolves this season have come away from Molineux. He is released by Toti's ball down the left flank, but Roerslev recovers well to outmuscle him and come away with the ball.
Good defending! Sarabia lifts a lovely pass onto the chest of Cunha, who brings it down and gets between the two Brentford centre-backs in one motion. Roerslev gets back just in the nick of time, though, to shepherd the ball back to Flekken.
CLOSE! Janelt almost scores an own goal! Hwang darts onto Gomes' clever pass in behind to drill the ball across the six-yard box, where Janelt gets a desperate touch in front of Cunha. Much to Brentford's relief, it drifts just over Flekken's crossbar – that could have gone anywhere!
GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL! LEMINA HEADS WOLVES INTO THE LEAD! He scored the opener against Chelsea on Christmas Eve, and he's done it again here! Sarabia's corner is kept alive by Kilman, who tees up Gomes for a blocked attempt. It's played back out to Sarabia on the left flank, and he puts it on a plate for Lemina at the far post with an outstanding cross. The midfielder makes no mistake with his close-range header, and Wolves lead 1-0!
Sarabia gets the assist with a brilliant cross, which Lemina simply couldn't miss from!
GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLLLLL! HWANG MAKES IT 2-0! What on earth is Collins doing?! The former Wolves defender gifts his old club a second goal straight from the kick-off, selling Flekken short with an awful back pass, which Hwang intercepts to round the 'keeper and tap home! The away fans are absolutely bouncing! From 0-0 to 2-0 in a matter of seconds!
GOOOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLLLLLL! BRENTFORD GET ONE BACK IMMEDIATELY! What a start we've had here – Brentford half the deficit immediately! Maupay does well with his back to goal as the ball is headed into him, helping it over the top for Wissa to slam past the stranded Sa from close range. We have a real game on our hands here!
Maupay gets the assist with a clever pass over his shoulder, allowing Wissa to break in behind and finish on the volley!
There was a brief VAR check for a possible handball on Wissa's goal, but it stands! It's 2-1 after a frantic start in west London, and Brentford's tails are up now!
ALMOST 2-2! Wolves need to calm things down here! A left-wing cross finds Janelt steaming in at the back post, but he's just unable to get enough power on his header, sending it straight at Sa at the near post!
Another chance for Wolves! The visitors should be 3-1 up! With Roerslev down in midfield, Semedo breaks over halfway with options to his left and right. He chooses the former, slipping a pass into Hwang, but he's dispossessed as he attempts to check back onto his right to shoot! Cunha is absolutely fuming, insisting he should have been the target of Semedo's pass!
Now Wissa takes on Toti, turning the defender inside-out before seeing his low drive deflected out for a corner. Few would bet against more goals in this game – it's wide open!
Brentford go short from the set-piece and end up working it all the way over to the far side of the pitch, where Lewis-Potter sends a poor cross behind for a Wolves goal-kick. The visitors finally get some respite.
Brentford have won just one of their last eight league games against Wolves (two draws, five defeats), beating them 2-0 at Molineux in the first ever Premier League meeting between the sides in September 2021. Wolves won the teams' last meeting 2-0 at Molineux last season, with Diego Costa scoring his only goal for the club in that match.
Gomes slips a delicate ball in behind Collins, and Hwang beats Flekken to it with a clever blindside run. He's forced wide so looks to chip a cross into Sarabia, but two red and white shirts get back to crowd him out at the vital moment. Wolves continue to look lively in attack.
Wide! Another flowing Wolves move sees Semedo chip the ball into the path of Sarabia, who volleys it back to Cunha on the edge of the box. He brings it down well before looking to bend a shot into the top-right corner, but it sails just wide.
GOOOOAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! HWANG HAS TWO, AND WOLVES HAVE THREE! Brentford are masters of their own downfall again as Collins' long ball forward is headed straight back by Toti, and Pinnock fails to get out in time, playing Hwang onside. The South Korean nonchalantly flicks the ball over Pinnock's head, then rolls his finish into the bottom-right corner! Wolves' two-goal cushion is restored – 3-1!
Toti's powerful header goes all the way through a gaping hole in the Brentford defence, releasing Hwang for his 10th Premier League goal of the season!
The home fans are stunned into silence after that third Wolves goal. Brentford get an immediate chance to hit back again as Wissa is brought down 30 yards from goal. This one will be lifted into the penalty area.
Ghoddos sends an awful free-kick straight into Sa's gloves, to groans from the Brentford fans.
Ait-Nouri beats his marker with a fine piece of skill before scampering towards the corner of the box and sending a low cross into the danger zone, but Pinnock slides in to clear ahead of the sky blue shirts behind him. Wolves are playing with so much belief in the final third.
CLOSE! Wissa sees a low cross cleared as far as Norgaard, who does so well to keep the ball despite going down before slipping in Lewis-Potter. He sends another inviting cross towards the far post, where Toti just does enough to ease Wissa out of it with the goal gaping.
Though Wolves have a poor record in London lately, they are unbeaten in their last four away league games against Brentford (two wins, two draws), since a 3-0 defeat in the Championship in February 2016.
A loose pass sets Sarabia off on the break as Wolves carve out another three-on-three situation in attack. He offloads to his left for Cunha, but the Brazilian takes the wrong decision as he sees an early shot blocked at close quarters, then Sarabia fouls Roerslev.
Lemina almost puts Kilman in trouble with a slightly unorthodox switch of play, and his captain has to send a booming clearance upfield. Brentford come back on the right, and Wissa is nudged over by Toti as the Bees get a free-kick in a crossing position.
BIG CHANCE! Collins should make it 3-2 as he's found totally unmarked from Ghoddos' right-wing free-kick. The former Wolves man rises inside the six-yard box, but he plants his header over Sa's crossbar!
Brentford have lost three of their last six Premier League home games (three wins), as many as in their previous 27 at the Gtech Community Stadium (13 wins, 11 draws). Are they heading for another defeat here?
Norgaard receives the first yellow card of the game, having lunged in to bring Ait-Nouri down as the Algerian skipped infield.
We will have a minimum of five minutes of stoppage time to end this first half! That must be to account for the four goals, as this game has flowed very smoothly.
Cunha races down the byline after receiving Ait-Nouri's pass near the corner flag, and Roerslev steps in to prod it behind for a Wolves corner.
Sarabia's deep corner is headed clear on the far side, then the Spaniard is caught offside as Semedo tries to find him with the next delivery.
There's a concerning moment for Wolves here. Hwang is down and appears to be holding his lower back, having also looked to be in discomfort before that recent corner. He seems to have been hurt in an aerial duel with Pinnock a few moments ago.
Hwang continues to receive treatment, lying on the turf near the edge of the Brentford area. O'Neil may have to replace his leading goalscorer here.
Hwang is able to walk from the pitch, to applause from the Wolves supporters and jeers from the Brentford fans. There'll be no hat-trick for the South Korean here as Bellegarde takes his place.
Roerslev fails to get the better of Toti near the corner flag as the Wolves defender wins a throw-in for his team. That injury to Hwang means we'll have an elongated period of stoppage time here.
WHAT A MISS! Maupay shoots wide with the goal gaping! A clever flick over the shoulder for Wissa – almost identical to that which created Brentford's goal – sends the winger in behind. He has to cut it back with Sa sliding in on him, and as Wolves get players back on the goal line, Maupay steers his shot wide of an open goal while off-balance! That will be the final action of a chaotic first half!
HALF-TIME: BRENTFORD 1-3 WOLVES.
The half-time whistle brings a breathless first period to an end in west London, with Wolves leading Brentford 3-1! The visitors started brightly and took the lead through in-form midfielder Lemina, who powered Sarabia's deep cross home with his head. Exactly eighty seconds later, Wolves had another as their former defender Collins saw a terrible back pass intercepted by Hwang, who beat Flekken before walking the ball in. Brentford got straight back into the contest within another two minutes as Wissa steered his finish into the top-left corner, but Wolves re-established their two-goal cushion shortly before the half-hour mark, with Pinnock's failure to get out playing Hwang onside, allowing the South Korean to slip a neat finish into the bottom-left corner, though there will be no hat-trick for him with a back injury later forcing his withdrawal. Both teams have been guilty of playing themselves into trouble at times, and there should be plenty more entertainment to come after the break!
The first three goals in this game came within a span of three minutes and three seconds, the shortest between three goals in a Premier League match since Bournemouth versus Watford in January 2019 (two minutes and 34 seconds between the 37th and 40th minutes). Will that chaotic spell end up deciding this contest, or can Brentford bounce back?
Frank has made a switch in midfield at the break, bringing on Damsgaard for Yarmoliuk, who was ineffective in the first half.
Wolves get the second half under way at the Gtech Community Stadium! Will the next 45 minutes live up to what we saw in the first half?
CHANCE! Brentford threaten immediately as Maupay outmuscles Ait-Nouri to find Wissa in the right-hand channel. He drives in a cutback for Lewis-Potter, but he can't get enough power on his finish and it's straight at Sa!
Gomes concedes a deep free-kick as Brentford continue to press for a route back into the match. Ghoddos lines up the dead ball, but Sa can simply allow his overhit cross to sail behind.
This is the first time Brentford have ever conceded three or more first-half goals at home in a Premier League game, and the first time Wolves have scored three before the break in an away match since January 2021, in a 3-3 draw with Brighton.
Gomes attempted six tackles in the first half, twice as many as any other player on the pitch (Norgaard had three). He and Lemina have been so energetic in that Wolves engine room – but can they keep it up just three days on from their last match?
Brentford come down the left wing again as Maupay plays in Ghoddos on the overlap. He drives a great cross into the danger zone, but his team-mates are on their heels in the centre and Ait-Nouri can clear behind for a corner, which comes to nothing.
A big handball appeal goes up from the home fans as Toti and Santiago Bueno combine to get the better of Wissa just outside the Wolves area. The referee is unmoved by their protests.
ALMOST! Ait-Nouri is forced to put a Lewis-Potter cross out for a throw-in, which is hurled into a packed penalty area by Roerslev. It's nodded down for Lewis-Potter to strike it on the volley, and his effort takes a wicked deflection, but Sa gets behind it well.
Kilman becomes the first Wolves player in the book for a strong challenge on Maupay. He didn't seem to make much contact there, but he flew in with plenty of force as Maupay flicked the ball past him.
The latest Brentford set-piece causes more panic in the Wolves area, with Santiago Bueno forced into a last-ditch block. The Bees come again down the left, and this time it's Semedo back to make the intervention. Brentford are well on top, and Wolves may need some fresh legs soon.
Brentford have lost five of their last six Premier League games (one win), including each of their last three in a row. They last lost more consecutively between January and February 2022, a run of five in which the fourth game was a 2-1 home loss against Wolves, with Ruben Neves and Joao Moutinho on target.
Wolves are sitting off Brentford and asking the Bees to break them down. It's been one-way traffic since the start of the second half, but the visitors always provide a threat on the counterattack.
Might O'Neil feel Neto has 30 minutes in him if he decides to freshen things up? Despite spending around two months on the sidelines after suffering a hamstring injury in a 2-2 draw with Newcastle United, Neto has the joint-most assists in the Premier League this season, with his tally of seven only matched by Kieran Trippier and Mohamed Salah.
Damsgaard goes down under pressure from Semedo inside a crowded Wolves area, and there are some half-hearted penalty appeals from the home fans, but nothing from the Brentford players. That was good, strong defending from Semedo.
Bellegarde scampers forward to feed Lemina on the break, but Wolves' opening goalscorer is caught offside on the left side of the box. O'Neil is about to make two further changes, with Doherty and Doyle seemingly preparing to come on.
Doherty, who scored what proved to be the winner against Chelsea on Sunday, is also on, replacing Semedo in a straight swap at right wing-back.
Here come those Wolves changes. Doyle replaces Sarabia, who assisted the first goal and has looked lively throughout.
Bellegarde shows an electrifying turn of pace to race onto a ball down the left, allowing Wolves to enjoy a better spell of possession inside the Brentford half. Ait-Nouri then looks for a cute chip over the top for Cunha, but there's too much on it and Flekken can come off his line to claim.
DANGER! Lewis-Potter angles a delicious cross towards the far post, with Roerslev darting towards the bouncing ball. He's just eased out of it by Ait-Nouri, though, and the chance goes begging.
Jensen gets a good reception from the home fans as he enters the fray, replacing Roerslev.
SO CLOSE! Lewis-Potter continues to threaten, beating Doherty with ease to reach the byline before firing a low ball across the face of goal. Wissa looks destined to prod it home, but Ait-Nouri gets back to make a goal-saving clearance for Wolves!
We're into the final 20 minutes of the 90 here, with Brentford continuing to force Wolves to do plenty of desperate defending. The away fans are in great voice as their side look to see this game out, chanting O'Neil's name constantly.
Three of Cunha's four Premier League away goals this season have been against London sides – it's the joint-most goals a Wolves player has scored in the capital in a single Premier League campaign (level with Raul Jimenez in 2019-20). He's barely had a sniff in the second half and looks leggy – it wouldn't be a surprise if he is the next man withdrawn.
Bellegarde stays down holding his face near halfway, but the referee allows the game to continue despite it being an apparent head injury. Brentford come forward to win a corner on their left, to be taken by Jensen.
Wolves clear Jensen's initial set-piece, then do likewise from the second ball into the box. They've defended their area resolutely in this second half, but the ball is back with Brentford again.
Having recorded back-to-back shutouts in their final two home games of last season, Brentford have now kept just one clean sheet in their 10 Premier League home matches this term, beating Burnley 3-0 in October.
POST! SO CLOSE TO 4-1! Cunha races onto a pass into the left-hand channel, facing up Pinnock before skipping past him on the outside. With no support, the Brazilian fires off a low shot towards the far corner, but it crashes off the foot of the post and out! Brentford stay in the contest by a matter of inches!
Cunha fails to hold onto Toti's long ball forward, and Damsgaard picks it up in a promising position for Brentford. He has space to shoot, but he tries to do to much against Toti and Santiago Bueno, and Wolves escape!
GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLL! BELLEGARDE MAKES IT 4-1! It's another late Christmas present from Collins to his former club! The centre-back plays an awful pass straight to Cunha inside the Brentford half, giving Wolves a two-on-one situation. The Brazilian squares it for Bellegarde, and the substitute slots his finish under Flekken before celebrating with the jubilant away fans!
Cunha showed great awareness and was rewarded with the assist, teeing up Bellegarde for a simple finish!
Wolves change their plans in response to that goal. Neto looked set to make his return from injury, but instead, Hugo Bueno replaces Ait-Nouri at left wing-back.
Brentford win a corner on their left flank, but Jensen's deep delivery is headed clear. That fourth Wolves goal seems to have killed off remaining belief inside this stadium.
Sa gets lucky! The Wolves goalkeeper makes a meal of a deep cross from Lewis-Potter, with a Brentford player lurking behind him. In part due to the presence of Hugo Bueno, he's able to gather the loose ball at the second attempt.
Wolves have now scored eight goals via substitutes in the Premier League this season, with only Brighton (11) managing more.
Frank makes another two changes, with Olakigbe the first to enter the fray, replacing the Brentford goalscorer Wissa.
Youngster Peart-Harris is also entering the action, taking the place of Lewis-Potter. The Brentford winger carved out plenty of chances for his team-mates, but they couldn't take advantage!
Both teams have managed four shots on target in this game. The difference has been Wolves' ruthless finishing on the counter-attack.
Ghoddos goes down just inside the Wolves area before casting a hopeful glance towards the referee. There's a quick VAR check for a penalty with Doherty in close proximity, but it's swiftly cleared. There was absolutely no contact whatsoever – the Brentford man was lucky to avoid a booking for simulation!
Almost 5-1! Bellegarde bursts down the left flank, leaving his marker in his wake before blasting at goal with his left foot. Flekken spreads himself at his near post to smother the attempt and save Brentford any further embarrassment.
We will have six minutes of stoppage time to finish this game.
Even at this stage, Brentford continue to play themselves into real trouble. Collins sells Flekken short with another poor back pass, then the goalkeeper chips a risky ball over Cunha's head. He just about gets away with it.
Olakigbe takes aim from range, looking for a late consolation, but he sends a dismal attempt spinning well wide. That sums up Brentford's game.
A handball from Doherty gives Brentford a free-kick near the byline on their left-hand side. Jensen looks to whip it into the far corner, but his poor effort is never troubling Sa.
Brentford have managed 15 shots to Wolves' 11 in this game, with the teams both amassing 2.1 expected goals (xG). The Bees' finishing has been pretty poor, while Wolves' shooting has been absolutely ruthless. There are just seconds to play with Brentford merely chasing a consolation.
FULL-TIME: BRENTFORD 1-4 WOLVES.
Brentford are put out of their misery by the final whistle, with Wolves clinching a memorable 4-1 win at the Gtech Community Stadium, earning back-to-back Premier League victories for the first time this season! Wolves had a commanding lead to defend when the second half began, with Lemina's early header and Hwang's brace putting them 3-1 up as Brentford continually played themselves into trouble. The Bees enjoyed plenty of possession as they looked for a route back into the game, but they couldn't find a way past Wolves' resolute backline and the visitors killed the contest when Collins – who endured a torrid outing – played a terrible pass to Cunha, allowing him to tee up Bellegarde to make it 4-1 on the break. Wolves return to 11th place with 25 points at the halfway stage of the season, while Brentford are looking over their shoulders in 14th, four points clear of the bottom three after losing their fourth straight game. Both teams are back in action on Saturday, with Wolves hosting Everton and Brentford visiting Crystal Palace. Until then, it's goodbye from us – thank you for joining us!
Hello and welcome to our live text coverage of the Premier League clash between Brighton and Hove Albion and Tottenham at the Amex Stadium.
Brighton have won just two of their past 12 top-flight matches - albeit they have advanced to the Europa League knockout rounds during that period - with their most recent result a 1-1 draw at Crystal Palace last Thursday. Despite their lack of victories, Roberto De Zerbi's side are ninth in the Premier League heading into this contest.
After a drop in form that saw them take one point from a possible 15, Tottenham have since returned to their early season form thanks to successive wins over Newcastle United, Nottingham Forest and Everton. A fourth successive victory today would live them back above Manchester City into fourth place, having played a game more, while a victory by three goals would lift them above third-placed Aston Villa on goal difference.
BRIGHTON XI (4-2-3-1): Jason Steele; Jack Hinshelwood, Jan Paul van Hecke, Lewis Dunk (c), Igor Julio; Billy Gilmour, James Milner; Facundo Buonanotte, Pascal Gross, Joao Pedro; Danny Welbeck.
Brighton subs: Bart Verbruggen, Mahmoud Dahoud, Adam Lallana, Jakub Moder, Carlos Baleba, Evan Ferguson, Pervis Estupinan, Benicio Baker-Boaitey, Luca Barrington.
TOTTENHAM XI (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Emerson Royal, Ben Davies, Destiny Udogie; Pape Sarr, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg; Brennan Johnson, Dejan Kulusevski, Son Heung-Min (c); Richarlison.
Tottenham subs: Bryan Gil, Eric Dier, Giovani Lo Celso, Fraser Forster, Ashley Phillips, Alejo Veliz, Yago Santiago, Jamie Donley, Alfie Dorrington.
Brighton will be well rested on the back of their draw with Crystal Palace seven days ago - a real rarity at this time of the season - yet De Zerbi has still made four changes from that contest. Steele returns in goal in place of Verbruggen, while Welbeck replaces Baleba as a reward for his goal against Palace. Buonanotte and Milner are also recalled to the XI, with Simon Adingra and Kaoru Mitoma missing out on the squad.
Tottenham have made two changes from their win over Everton. Udogie is back involved and takes over from the injured Cristian Romero, which should see Emerson play alongside Ben Davies - another natural full-back - in the heart of defence. Hojbjerg is also named in the starting line-up in place of Oliver Skipp, who misses out on the squad entirely today due to injury.
Brighton have lost their last two Premier League home games against Tottenham without scoring. The hosts have hardly had the best time of things over the past couple of months, but they will target this match as a chance to properly kick-start their league campaign. Kick-off is now just moments away.
Tottenham get us up and running at the Amex Stadium in this Premier League contest! These two sides have provided great entertainment this season, so let us hope for more of the same today.
As you would expect, Tottenham are looking to pass it out from the back even when under pressure from Brighton's high press. Spurs work the ball into the box and it is cleared away.
These opening few minutes have set the tone nicely. Tottenham are looking the livelier, but Son is caught offside as this latest attack comes to nothing.
Johnson wins his side a free-kick within shooting distance after being caught by Igor. Porro is the player stood over the ball...
Porro blasts the free-kick straight into the wall. Brighton, who have barely had a touch of the ball, can breathe again.
Richarlison sprays the ball out to Johnson on the right. The Welshman plays a quick one-two and looks to pass the ball into the box, but it is overhit. This has been a very positive start from the visitors.
SAVE! The first save of the match is made by Vicario, completely against the run of play. Porro is disposed and the Brighton counter ends with Welbeck aiming to bend one into the far corner, but he does not get enough whip on it and Vicario keeps it out.
INCREDIBLE STOP!! Well that Vicario save a minute or so ago was decent, but this was out of the top drawer. A blocked shot lands in the path of Welbeck, who steadies himself and picks his spot about eight yards out. Vicario gets back to his feet and somehow pushes the ball to safety. Welbeck cannot believe it!
Spurs dominated the first five minutes or so, barely giving their opponents a touch, but since then Brighton have twice tested Vicario. That second save to keep out Welbeck really was superb.
Tottenham have been a little more controlled with their possession over the past few minutes. The Vicario double save appears to have made them reassess their gung-ho approach.
GOOOAAALLL!!! BRIGHTON 1-0 TOTTENHAM! Joao Pedro drives into the box, then back out of it, before picking out Hinshelwood. The unmarked youngster takes a touch to settle himself and then absolutely thumps a shot past Vicario to give Brighton the lead.
This was very good play from Joao Pedro. He got at the Tottenham defence, who were scared to put a foot in, and then found a team-mate to emphatically fire home.
That is Hinshelwood's second Premier League goal. He may only be aged 18, and he is playing at full-back today, but he took that like a 20-goal-a-season striker. Spurs are far too open.
Tottenham have not really changed their approach since falling behind, and nor would you expect them to on the basis of what we have seen of Ange Postecoglou's time in charge. This is a bit of a difference for them as they so often take the lead in matches.
ANOTHER SAVE! Vicario is keeping Tottenham in this match. The Italian is equal to Joao Pedro's shot and gets away with it as the fumbled save is cleared. Terrible defending from Spurs there, it must be said.
Vicario was not happy with Porro and Emerson for failing to get across to Joao Pedro and cut out the shot. Welbeck and Joao Pedro are having plenty of joy so far at the Amex Stadium.
Joao Pedro again tries to get at Tottenham, but all he has to show for this latest attack is a corner.
PENALTY APPEAL! A corner is sent in by Gross and Van Hecke heads it against the post. However, Kulusevski clearly drags back on Welbeck's shirt inside the box and the referee, after play resumed for a minute or so, is being asked to check the pitchside monitor.
PENALTY TO BRIGHTON! Kulusevski clearly pulled back on the shirt of Welbeck, who was looking to get to the ball after Van Hecke's header had come back off the frame of the goal. There can be no complaints from Tottenham's perspective after VAR intervened.
Kulusevski is booked for preventing Welbeck from getting on the end of the ball in front of goal.
GOOOAAAALLL!! BRIGHTON LEAD 2-0! Joao Pedro has been very lively so far today and he has a goal to go with his assist. He sends the penalty into the bottom-left corner, the opposite way to Vicario's dive, and Brighton have some breathing space.
That really was poor from Kulusevski. He held on to Welbeck's shirt for an age and VAR was always going to intervene. It is already a long way back for Spurs.
This is the first time Tottenham have trailed by two goals in a Premier League game under Postecoglou. The visitors looked lively early on, but they have yet to muster a shot on target. Brighton just need to keep doing what they are doing.
Son's shot is sarcastically cheered by the home fans as it trickles behind, but it took a deflection so a corner is awarded. Porro takes and Igor easily heads it clear. The attack remains alive and Johnson's superb cross is just out of Richarlison's reach.
Welbeck wins a corner off Davies, but this latest set-piece comes to nothing. Dunk tries to wrestle back the ball but it goes behind for a goal-kick.
OFF THE POST! What a strike this is from Milner! He skips inside and sends a curling shot from the edge of the box rattling against the right-hand post. Vicario was nowhere near it.
BIG CHANCE FOR SPURS! Porro sends a great ball over the top right into the path of Johnson. The Wales international halts his run, though, and the momentum completely goes as he sends a shot into Igor.
On what is his 50th Premier League appearance, this is the first time that Joao Pedro has scored and assisted in a match in the competition. Porro has had a torrid time of things defensively so far on the Tottenham right.
Kulusevski is not able to bring a ball under control, which is becoming a theme for Tottenham. Still, the visitors are starting to look more threatening all of a sudden as we fast approach half-time on England's South Coast.
GOAL DISALLOWED! Buonanotte thinks he has given Brighton a third goal, but he is just offside when meeting - and converting - Welbeck's cross. That was a delightful pass and a delightful finish on the half-volley, but the officials made the right call.
Richarlison spins in the box and decides against shooting, instead teeing up Son, but the South Korea international is crowded out. He perhaps could have let it run to Johnson behind him.
What should have been a simple pass into the path of Son is horribly overhit, summing things up from Tottenham's perspective. Joao Pedro thinks he is in behind again up the other end, but the offside flag denies him.
Buonanotte is the first player to be cautioned as he takes too long to retreat when Spurs attempt to take a quick free-kick.
VICARIO BAILS OUT TOTTENHAM! Porro plays the ball straight into the path of Joao Pedro, who is clean through on goal. The Brighton attacker tries to dink the ball over Vicario, but he gets his hand to it and the hosts only have a corner and not a goal.
OFF THE POST! Out of absolutely nowhere, a quick counter culminates in Johnson playing a pass to Richarlison that is crying out for a first-time hit. Richarlison does just that from the edge of the box and clips the outside of the post, with the help of a slight deflection off Dunk's studs.
Five minutes have been added on at the end of this hugely eventful first half at the Amex Stadium. There has been plenty of action at both ends.
Son bends a shot agonisingly wide of the post from 19 yards after being picked out by Udogie. Brighton will be happy to hear the half-time whistle.
HALF-TIME: BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION 2-0 TOTTENHAM
Brighton take a 2-0 lead into half-time against Tottenham. Joao Pedro teed up Hinshelwood for Brighton's 11th-minute opener and then scored the second himself from the penalty spot after Kulusevski had pulled back on the shirt of Welbeck. Richarlison clipped the outside of the post for Spurs towards the end of the half, but Brighton themselves hit the post through Milner and had a Buonanotte goal disallowed for offside. Vicario also made four saves, the best of which saw him deny Joao Pedro from a one-on-one.
Spurs have so often led in Premier League games under Ange Postecoglou, but they find themselves two goals down in a match for the first time since he took charge. Brighton are good value for their lead, but Tottenham showed in the final 10 minutes of the half that they can easily find a route back into this contest. It goes without saying that the third goal in this match - should there be one - will be vital.
Estupinan, returning from an injury lay-off, is on for Igor in the only half-time substitution.
Brighton, leading thanks to Hinshelwood's strike and Joao Pedro's penalty, get us back under way at the Amex Stadium.
OFFSIDE! Richarlison thinks he has given Tottenham a route back into the game within 40 seconds of the restart, but his well-taken strike past Steele is rightly ruled out for offside as soon as the ball hits the net.
A free-kick is sent deep into the Tottenham box and hooked back centrally by Milner. It is helped behind for a corner, which Milner - after a delay due to some pulling in the box - swings in for Vicario to get to, albeit at the expense of another set-piece.
A third corner in a row for Brighton is cleared by Porro at the front post. Richarlison scored an offside goal for Spurs near enough right from kick-off, but since then there has been no danger for the hosts.
Son is on the ball inside the box - always a good thing if you are a Tottenham fan - but two Brighton players are quickly on top of him. Spurs are having very little joy at the moment.
The second half has not been quite as all-action as the first so far, which you would imagine is a good thing for Brighton. The onus is on Tottenham to find the next goal in this contest.
SO CLOSE! Richarlison controls Son's pass inside the box, turns and sends a shot curling wide of the post. That all came about as a result of Tottenham's high press catching Brighton cold.
Sloppy play for Brighton for the second time in as many minutes. Johnson plays in Richarlison, whose first-time shot is too close to Steele. It would not have counted anyway as the offside flag is up.
ANOTHER SAVE! Tottenham have well and truly ramped up the pressure. Udogie's first shot is blocked and then his second one is saved by Steele. Son then claims a penalty for a shove in the box - or possibly just outside - but the referee is having none of it.
Richarlison pushes Joao Pedro in the throat and earns himself a yellow card.
Brighton have a penalty appeal for a possible handball against Richarlison. However, the Brazil international is on his way to ground from a header and has no idea where the ball is. VAR tells the referee to play on.
One 19-year-old is replaced by another as Baleba comes on for Buonanotte.
We have played just over 15 minutes of the second half and it is as you were from the end of the first half. Tottenham have had their moments, but they have not really warranted a goal.
DISALLOWED! Richarlison meets Kulusevski's pass in behind and slots the ball past Steele, but once again the offside flag denies him. The officials were quick to make the call and replays show they were correct - no need for VAR to intervene.
GOOOOAAALLL!!! WHAT A STRIKE! This is superb from the returning Estupinan. He puts his foot through the ball from a good 25-30 yards out and the ball does all sorts in the air - it swerves, it dips, it goes this way and that - and ultimately ends with Vicario failing to get anything to it. 3-0!
Milner will be rather embarrassed to be credited with this assist from a short corner. This goal was all about Estupinan's strike. That is a goal of the season contender, easily.
Since the start of the 2017-18 season, Richarlison has been booked more times (36) than any other forward in the Premier League. The Brazil international has not had a great game today, having also missed some good chances.
Richarlison makes way for Tottenham after a disappointing game. Lo Celso comes on, which may mean Son moving centrally.
It is a double change for the visitors as Sarr is replaced by Gil.
Since the start of November, only Nottingham Forest (19) have conceded more goals in the Premier League than Spurs (18). That is a pretty damning statistic, and one that suggests Postecoglou's tactics do need looking at.
Ferguson is brought on in place of Welbeck, who has put in a solid shift today without really having anything to show for it from a personal perspective.
Milner has been very good today. The experienced midfielder is replaced by Moder for the final 20 minutes or so.
Johnson has had his moments today, but it just has not been Tottenham's - or his - day. Veliz is given a run-out at the Amex Stadium in his place.
Hojbjerg blasts the ball at Moder's shin, but it is the Brighton player who is showed the yellow card for delaying the restart.
Tottenham are still plugging away to their credit, but you do have to fear a fourth goal could easily be conceded. This has been a superb display from Brighton, who are now well and truly back on track in the Premier League.
ANOTHER BRIGHTON PENALTY! Lo Celso takes a bit of fellow substitute Ferguson in the process of getting the ball and the referee points to the penalty spot. Talk about making an instant impact from the Brighton striker's point of view!
PENALTY STANDS AFTER VAR CHECK! After a bit of a delay, Brighton will finally get the chance to take the penalty. VAR checked for a possible Brighton offside in the build-up to Lo Celso's challenge on Ferguson, but there was no infringement.
GOOOAAAALLL!!!! BRIGHTON 4-0 TOTTENHAM!! This is getting embarrassing for Tottenham now. Joao Pedro this time goes to his right, and Vicario this time goes to his left, which results in the same outcome - a second successfully converted penalty for the hosts.
Ferguson is so nearly through on goal, but Udogie does well to get his body in between the Brighton player and the ball. It is damage limitation time for Tottenham at this point.
A number of Tottenham supporters are beginning the journey back to London already as the away end clears. Brighton have looked so much better today, which could partly be down to having a full week's rest, or perhaps simply because De Zerbi's tactics have been spot on.
GOOOAAALLL!!! TOTTENHAM HAVE ONE BACK! Kulusevski refuses to give up and blocks a pass from Dunk. It falls to Son, who finds Veliz alongside him to convert past Steele. That is a first goal in Tottenham colours for Veliz to make it 4-1.
Son took a quick glance up and saw Veliz, who grabs a consolation goal for Spurs.
Dunk is cautioned for his follow-through challenge on Kulusevski in the direct build-up to Veliz's goal. He will now miss Brighton's next game, which is at West Ham.
Play is delayed getting back under way as Kulusevski requires treatment as a result of that challenge from Dunk on him. On another day, the Brighton player could have been shown a red card. Perhaps the fact Veliz scored helped him in a way.
Udogie tries to zip a cross across the six-yard box, but the ball is cut out for a corner. This is a strong finish from Spurs, but it is surely too little too late.
GOOOAAALL!! NOW THEN! Gil plays the ball to Porro, who swings a cross towards the back post for Davies to get above Dunk and head past Steele. That is a great header - albeit one Brighton should have done better to cut out - and Tottenham are incredibly back in this game as it is now 4-2.
Porro's delivery into the six-yard box was spot on, but full credit to Davies for getting on the end of it and finding the net. That is his first league goal in over a year.
Joao Pedro has scored all eight of the penalties he has taken for Brighton this season, while he hs netted more from the spot than any other player across Europe's big five leagues in all competitions in 2023-24.
For the first time today, Brighton's players are looking a little anxious. Son throws himself to the ground and wants a penalty, but there is not sufficient contact from Estupinan.
Tottenham are really starting to turn the screw now. A third goal would make things seriously interesting. Nine minutes have been added on so there is still plenty of time!
Gil's appeal for a possible handball inside the box is also turned down. You cannot blame the Spurs players for doing everything to try to win their side a penalty. After a couple of scary moments for Brighton, Kulusevski's drive fails to test Steele and the hosts can finally breathe.
Three of the nine added-on minutes have been played. Who on earth saw a scenario in which Brighton were rather holding on at this stage of the match at 4-0 up?!
Joao Pedro leaves the field to be replaced by Lallana. Lo Celso says something to the departing player on his way off the field - possibly a complaint at how long he was taking to head for the sidelines - and the Brighton man reacts by urging the crowd to make more noise.
OFF THE POST!! Hojbjerg's sweetly hit shot, after being picked out by makeshift striker Udogie, comes clean back off the post. Porro's follow-up shot hits Estupinan in the chest, but that does not stop the Spurs players claiming a penalty for handball.
Tottenham really have given it their all in the last 15 minutes or so, but they ultimately left themselves with too much to do. There are positives to take out of this match, but more negatives.
The visitors have not really been able to build any attacks in the past couple of minutes. The Hojbjerg shot that struck the post will likely be the final meaningful act of this thrilling game.
Son gets across his man but cannot make the contact he would have liked on the ball as he finds the side-netting. That should be that.
The referee plays advantage and that almost pays off as Gil drives forward and powers a shot over the bar from outside the box.
FULL-TIME: BRIGHTON AND HOVE ALBION 4-2 TOTTENHAM
Brighton beat Tottenham 4-2 to snap their opponents' three-game winning run and climb up to eighth in the Premier League, six points behind Tottenham who stay in fifth. Joao Pedro set up Hinshelwood to open the scoring in a thrilling game and scored the second himself from the penalty spot. Half-time substitute Estupinan scored a goal of the season contender to put Brighton three up just after the hour, and a fourth arrived via another Joao Pedro penalty. Both goalkeepers were called into the action, while the posts were rattled multiple times, but Tottenham's comeback fell short as they could not add to goals from Veliz and Davies in the final 10 minutes. Tottenham will look to respond to this defeat when they host Bournemouth on Sunday, while Brighton head to West Ham on Tuesday for their next match. That is all for today's live text coverage, thanks for joining!
Hello and welcome to our LIVE commentary of the Premier League fixture between Burnley and Liverpool!
Three points for Nottingham Forest and Luton Town earlier on Tuesday have left Burnley second from bottom ahead of their Boxing Day fixture against Liverpool, five points adrift from safety. Vincent Kompany’s side will be looking to make it back-to-back victories for the first time this season after beating Fulham three days ago, in what was just their third win of the campaign.
Liverpool return to action three days after an engaging top-of-the-table clash with Arsenal, which ended 1-1 and left the Gunners top at Christmas. Klopp’s side have the chance to once again jump their opponents and finish the day in sole possession of first place with a first win in three, but will have to do so without a number of key players including both specialist left-backs.
With 15 minutes to go before kick-off, let’s take a look at how the two sides are lining up - starting with our hosts!
BURNLEY XI (4-4-2): James Trafford; Charlie Taylor, Jordan Beyer, Dara O’Shea, Vitinho; Wilson Odobert, Josh Brownhill, Sander Berge, Mike Tresor; Mohamed Zeki Amdouni, Lyle Foster.
BURNLEY SUBS: Josh Cullen, Arijanet Muric, Jay Rodriguez, Hannes Delcroix, Aaron Ramsey, Connor Roberts, Nathan Redmond, Jacob Bruun Larsen, Johann Gudmundsson.
LIVERPOOL XI (4-3-3): Alisson; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Jarell Quansah, Virgil Van Dijk, Joe Gomez; Harvey Elliott, Wataru Endo, Ryan Gravenberch; Mohamed Salah, Cody Gakpo, Darwin Nunez.
LIVERPOOL SUBS: Ibrahima Konate, Curtis Jones, Luis Diaz, Dominik Szoboszlai, Luke Chambers, James McConnel, Conor Bradley, Diogo Jota, Caoimhin Kelleher.
Burnley make a single change from the XI that beat Fulham 2-0 last time out, with Tresor replacing Larsen on the right wing.
Liverpool make five alterations to the side that earned a 1-1 draw with Arsenal on December 23. Quansah gives Konate a rest at centre-back, while an injury to Kostas Tsimikas means Gomez is recruited in to play at left-back. Elliott and Gravenberch are tasked with playing either side of Endo instead of Jones and Szoboszlai, while Gakpo takes over for Diaz in attack.
Burnley get the match underway from the kick-off!
Amdouni drops deep to pick up possession before leading Odobert down the left flank with a pass and continuing his run, but the winger is unable to skip past two defenders, losing the ball on the edge of Liverpool’s penalty area.
Salah gets forward before laying it off to Gravenberch, whose first-time backheel pass finds Elliott in stride. An eventual shot from the midfielder is saved well by Trafford, who parries it out of danger, but the raised offside flag ends the move.
INCH-PERFECT FROM NUNEZ! 1-0 LIVERPOOL! Gakpo gets into the penalty area after a lovely one-two pass with Nunez and sizes up Vitinho before pulling a pass back to the edge of the penalty area. Having continued his run, the Uruguay international striker meets the ball with a first-time shot with his side foot, putting it just out of Trafford’s reach!
Gakpo is credited with the assist for a perfectly weighted ball back to the edge of the penalty area for Nunez.
PHENOMENAL STOP! The ball squirms through to Salah inside the 18-yard box after Gakpo and Nunez both lose possession and the winger meets it with an instinctive toe-poke. Not to be beaten again, Trafford flies across his line and uses one hand to palm the shot over the crossbar to keep the score at 1-0.
Alexander-Arnold sprays a trademark pass across the pitch for Gakpo, who times his run perfectly and shakes off Vitinho before hitting a difficult half-volley that sails high and wide of the target.
Burnley started the match with intent but have been pegged back early, with Nunez scoring with Liverpool’s second shot of the match. Kompany’s side have only managed to score more than once twice in their last 10 Premier League fixtures and will need to do so today to have any hope of the three points; both previous occasions resulted in wins for today’s hosts.
Odobert cuts inside and frees himself of Endo’s marking but his pass through the lines for Foster is intercepted expertly by Van Dijk.
Tresor sends his outswinging corner-kick to the edge of the six-yard box but the only man there to meet it is Gakpo, clearing it away effectively with a powerful header.
Nunez barges through the back of Taylor to win possession on the wing, with the referee allowing play to continue. The forward drives towards the byline and fires a cross across the face of goal for Gakpo, who can’t turn his effort towards goal.
Foster picks up possession and leads his side towards Liverpool’s 18-yard box with as many as three team-mates in support, but an unfortunate slip 24 yards from goal allows Quansah to easily come across and claim it for the visitors.
Elliott fires a shot from 20 yards out that skips through the legs of Beyer, taking it into the path of Gakpo. The winger contests it and looks to add the finishing touches to put it past Trafford but the goalkeeper comes off his line assertively and makes the eventual save.
Berge’s tackle on Gravenberch is worthy of the first yellow card of the match, with Paul Tierney showing the Burnley midfielder a booking.
Tresor cuts inside from the left and opens up space to the appreciation of the crowd before playing a pass into the feet of Foster. The striker looks to have some difficulty controlling the ball before turning to his right in search of Odobert, but Gomez easily intercepts.
Liverpool are in full control of possession with just under half an hour played, keeping their opponents chasing as they move the ball from left to right and back again. With a challenging and busy fixture list during the festive period, Klopp will be eager for his side to dictate play and slow the tempo whenever possible.
LIVERPOOL SCORE BUT IT WON’T COUNT! A scramble in Burnley’s penalty area leads to a shot from Gakpo, which is well saved by Trafford in the Burnley goal. The rebound falls to Nunez, who goes through the back of Taylor and plays a pass to Gakpo, with the winger eventually firing his second effort past the goalkeeper. The Netherlands international wheels away to celebrate, but it won’t count, with the referee spotting the foul from Nunez in the build-up.
Burnley have won just two of their 16 Premier League games against Liverpool (D2 L12), winning 2-0 at home in August 2016, and 1-0 away in January 2021.
Looking to play a one-two pass with Gravenberch in front of the technical area, Gakpo is bundled over by Vitinho, who has struggled to cope with his opponent in the opening period.
OFF THE BAR! Alisson slips during his drop-kick but still manages to find Gakpo out on the left wing, with the forward receiving the ball and cutting inside immediately to find space. He spots the run of Salah and chips a pass over the top of the defence for his team-mate, who meets it with a half-volley that cannons off the crossbar and goes behind!
Looking to hit quickly at the other end, Burnley build up down the right flank but Vitinho’s eventual cross is poor, with Tresor unable to keep it in play on the far side.
Gomez flashes a cross into the penalty area but Brownhill retreats and puts himself in the perfect place to clear it away.
Endo loses possession to Tresor, who comes forward on a Burnley counter-attack but he picks out the wrong pass to his left, putting it in-between and behind both Amdouni and Foster, allowing Quansah to step up and win it back.
Elliott’s inswinging corner is met somewhat unexpectedly by O’Shea, who manages to pop the ball straight up in the air for Trafford to gather.
Elliott picks out Salah’s overlapping run and the winger immediately fires a shot from a close angle looking to bend it into the far corner but once again Trafford is equal to it, making a definitive save after a kind deflection off Beyer.
Burnley will just look to keep the deficit at one ahead of the half-time interval, with just one minute to go before injury time. It’s been a difficult half for the hosts, who have found it exceedingly difficult to stop both Gakpo and Salah, while failing to turn counter-attacking opportunities into shots on target.
The fourth official indicates two minutes will be added to the end of the half for stoppages.
HALF-TIME: BURNLEY 0-1 LIVERPOOL.
A dominant Liverpool take a one-goal advantage into the half-time interval at Turf Moor, with Nunez’s sixth-minute strike the only difference on the scoresheet. Kompany’s side started with intent and looked to turn defence into attack with promise, but the early goal conceded would prove a difficult deficit to overcome. With their advantage, Liverpool exhibited confidence and aggression when attacking, clearly intent to double their advantage - with Gakpo playing an instrumental role and Salah hitting the crossbar. Trafford has been the only thing standing in the way of a much bigger lead for Klopp’s team at the break, with the goalkeeper making a tremendous seven saves.
Burnley will need more attacking output if they wish to pull one back against Liverpool, with Foster wasteful in possession in the first half. Rodriguez’s experience could be an asset in the second half, while Redmond’s direct play from the wing would provide a different challenge for opposing full-backs as opposed to Tresor or Odobert. Klopp will look to keep players fresh and rotate if at all possible with a match upcoming in five days, with Jones, Konate and the returning Jota all options from the bench.
Liverpool get the match restarted from the kick-off!
Liverpool are patient to start the second half, with both Gakpo and Alexander-Arnold denying opportunities to play it over the top of the defence to instead go short. The visitors will want to continue the pressure they put on in the first half, without leaving themselves vulnerable at the other end.
Alexander-Arnold gets forward down the right and shapes his body to play a curling cross to the far post but it gets beyond Gakpo and behind on the other side for a Burnley throw.
Nunez’s foul on Amdouni in midfield gives Burnley a chance to send their defenders up for a set-piece but the opportunity comes to nothing as Odobert is unable to bring down Trafford’s kick, returning possession to Gomez.
Gomez skips by Vitinho on the touchline and whacks a cross into the penalty area but without a team-mate in the area, Tresor is able to coolly control the ball and pass it backwards before sprinting forward to provide an option.
LIVERPOOL SCORE BUT IT WON’T COUNT! Endo’s incisive pass is met by Beyer’s touch, which takes it into the path of Elliott. The midfielder sprays it out to his right for Gravenberch before continuing his run and getting on the end of the cross to tuck it home, but his celebration is cut short - with Salah deemed to be in an offside position, unsighting the goalkeeper during the shot!
Liverpool are once again denied a second goal, after Gakpo’s finish was disallowed in the first half. Klopp will be desperate for a bit of insurance despite Burnley’s lack of real attacking threat - with the result hanging in the balance with just over 30 minutes to play.
CHANCE! Tresor’s outswinging corner is nodded on by O’Shea, with Beyer meeting it inside the six-yard box. The centre-back swings his leg and makes good contact with the ball, but the slightest of deflections from Nunez diverts its path and puts it behind for a second corner-kick in a row.
The first substitution of the match goes the way of Burnley, with Tresor making way for Gudmunds­son.
Gakpo’s cynical push through the back of Gudmundsson gives Burnley a chance to attack the Liverpool penalty area from a free-kick on the touchline, but the substitute’s delivery is poor - with Van Dijk able to easily clear the danger.
Burnley have lost five of their last seven league games on Boxing Day (one win and one draw), with their only win in that time coming against Middlesbrough in the Premier League in 2016/17.
Trafford steps well outside of his penalty area and whacks the ball long into Liverpool’s 18-yard box, where a nonchalant pass back from Gomez immediately puts Alisson in trouble. With no other option, the Liverpool goalkeeper is forced to just put it out for a throw-in, which moves Burnley higher up the pitch.
Gravenberch is recalled to the bench with 23 minutes remaining. Jones is his replacement.
Elliott makes way, somewhat disappointed after his goal was chalked off. Diaz will see out the remainder of the game.
Szoboszlai comes into Liverpool's midfield to add a bit of fresh legs and creativity, with Gakpo chosen for an early rest.
BURNLEY SQUANDER A GILT-EDGED CHANCE! Odobert takes on and beats Alexander-Arnold, getting into the penalty area near the byline before flashing a cross to the far post. With Alisson slow to get across his line, all Gudmundsson has to do is hit the target to score, but he blazes his opportunity over the crossbar!
Burnley have looked better as the second half has progressed, contesting 50–50 opportunities and putting Alisson under real pressure. Gudmundsson should really have levelled the score and given Kompany’s side a platform for which to search for all three points, though even still a result is not out of the question, with Liverpool seeming somewhat lax.
CHANCE! Alexander-Arnold strides forward and plays an inch-perfect cross to the far post for Nunez, who unselfishly heads the ball across the face of goal for Szoboszlai. With the entire net to aim at, the Hungary international makes contact but he’s unable to tuck it home thanks to O’Shea’s close marking!
After failing to score in five of seven Premier League away games between January and April, Liverpool have found the net in each of their last 13 on the road, netting 30 goals in the process.
O’Shea is called for a foul on the byline after pushing Nunez with two hands before jumping into a sliding challenge. It’s a free-kick for Liverpool in a dangerous position, with Alexander-Arnold tasked with delivering it.
Alexander-Arnold chips the free-kick into the penalty area but the imposing Berge is first to the ball, heading it clear without fuss.
Alexander-Arnold's swing of the leg catches Foster, who was on his way towards the 18-yard box. It's a yellow card for the Liverpool right-back, and a free-kick for Burnley.
Brownhill curls the ensuing set-piece into the penalty area looking for Berge, but the Burnley captain puts his delivery too far beyond the midfielder and behind for a goal-kick.
With just 10 minutes to go, Klopp is still prowling his touchline and barking out instructions to his players. It’s been a closely contested fixture - partly thanks to the two disallowed goals - which is a credit to the hosts, though they’ll need points and not plaudits if they wish to stay in the Premier League.
Szoboszlai charges forward into space in midfield and strikes the ball cleanly from 25 yards out but pressure from Berge forces the substitute to send his shot wide of the post.
Jota comes on for the first time since his injury over a month ago, with Nunez taken off despite the goal to his name.
Kompany continues to roll the dice with his side behind by one. This time, Larsen is introduced for Amdouni.
Looking to add a bit more pace down the wings, Burnley also swap Foster with Redmond.
SO CLOSE! Endo’s giveaway just outside of Liverpool’s penalty area gives Burnley a chance to test Alisson but Larsen opts to rush his shot, sending it narrowly wide of the post!
Alexander-Arnold’s inswinging corner-kick is met by Van Dijk, who can’t do much more than make contact with it thanks to the pace and power. It’s a good opportunity but it sails behind for a goal-kick, much to Trafford’s delight.
LIVERPOOL HAVE THEIR SECOND! 2-0! Only on the pitch for six minutes, Jota finds the back of the net in his return from injury, receiving the ball in midfield and finding Diaz before continuing on an overlapping run down the left. With poise and presence of mind, the Colombia international spots his team-mate and lays it off to him using his backheel, with Jota able to beat Trafford from a tight angle!
Two substitutes combine as Diaz picks up the assist for Jota's goal.
O'Shea is shown a yellow card for a cynical challenge on Endo, upending the Japan international.
A late change for Burnley sees Ramsey replace Brownhill.
The fourth official indicates five minutes will be added to the end of the match for stoppages.
Gudmundsson spots Redmond in the penalty area but the winger isn’t able to get the ball out from under his feet, opting to give it back to his team-mate instead of firing a shot. The eventual cross comes in but it’s a poor one sent right into the awaiting arms of Alisson at his near post.
FULL-TIME: BURNLEY 0-2 LIVERPOOL.
Liverpool have two goals chalked off for offside but still manage to secure the three points, beating Burnley at Turf Moor by two goals to nil. Kompany’s side showed early intent but much of that good work was undone after just six minutes, when Nunez placed his shot perfectly to beat Trafford and take the lead. The Burnley goalkeeper was certainly busy in the contest, making eight saves as well as conceding on two other occasions, with both Gakpo and Elliott denied thanks to offside calls in the build-up. The hosts had their chances to equalise - with Gudmundsson’s close-range header the pick of the bunch, but they were unable to capitalise on their infrequent opportunities, failing to force Alisson into a save. It would come back to cost them, with Jota’s goal on the stroke of the 90th minute sealing the win for Liverpool. The points take Klopp’s side up to first in the table, while Burnley stay 19th after the loss. That concludes our commentary of the Premier League fixture between Burnley and Liverpool, we hope you’ve enjoyed it!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Chelsea and Crystal Palace at Stamford Bridge!
Languishing inside the bottom half of the table after being beaten 2-1 by Wolves last weekend, Chelsea now return to headquarters, where they have won their last two Premier League home games - as many as in the previous 17. The Blues may have just lost for an eighth time in 18 top-flight fixtures under Mauricio Pochettino, but the ex-Tottenham coach boasts a particularly impressive record against today's visitors: he has won 11 of 13 league meetings with Crystal Palace - more than against any other opponent.
Making the short trip to West London, Crystal Palace have posted just one victory in seven league matches following back-to-back draws with Manchester City and Brighton. The Eagles occupy 15th position in the table, four points adrift of their hosts. However, history suggests closing that gap today may be a tall order: Palace’s 11 consecutive Premier League defeats against Chelsea is their longest losing run against any opponent in their entire history - and they have also lost on each of their last six visits to Stamford Bridge, failing to even score in the last four.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Dorde Petrovic; Malo Gusto, Axel Disasi, Benoit Badiashile, Levi Colwill; Moises Caicedo, Conor Gallagher; Mykhailo Mudryk, Christopher Nkunku, Ian Maatsen; Nicolas Jackson.
SUBS: Marcus Bettinelli, Lucas Bergstrom, Alfie Gilchrist, Thiago Silva, Romeo Lavia, Leo Castledine, Alex Matos, Noni Madueke, Armando Broja.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-2-3-1): Dean Henderson; Nathaniel Clyne, Marc Guehi, Joachim Andersen, Tyrick Mitchell; Jefferson Lerma, Chris Richards; Michael Olise, Eberechi Eze, Jordan Ayew; Jean-Philippe Mateta.
SUBS: Remi Matthews, Naouirou Ahamada, Matheus Franca, James Tomkins, Will Hughes, Jairo Riedewald, Tayo Adaramola, David Ozoh, Jeffrey Schlupp.
Chelsea make no less than five changes to the XI that lined up against Wolves, with Caicedo, Mudryk, Badiashile, Maatsen and Sunday's goalscorer Nkunku all brought into the side. Cole Palmer and Raheem Sterling must serve suspensions; Thiago Silva and Broja are both demoted to the bench, while Lesley Ugochukwu misses out entirely.
Meanwhile, Roy Hodgson opts for just one change to the Crystal Palace team that drew 1-1 with Brighton: Hughes is benched, as Eze starts for the first time in over a month. Former Chelsea youth-teamer Olise therefore starts in the supporting cast for lone striker Mateta.
The teams emerge from the tunnel at Stamford Bridge, and kick-off in this Premier League contest is now just moments away!
Crystal Palace kick off, and we are under way in London!
Although 26-year-old Nkunku makes his first start today, Chelsea have still named their youngest-ever Premier League starting XI (23 years, 21 days). It's also the youngest side named by any top-flight team since Manchester Utd against Crystal Palace in May 2017.
Palace enjoy some early possession inside Chelsea's half, but it comes to very little until Olise's run past Colwill on the right is ended by the Chelsea defender pulling back his opponent and conceding a 20-yard free-kick.
On the right side of the box, just a few feet outside the area, Eze steps up to the free-kick Olise won and then ripples the side-netting of Petrovic's goal. It was a good effort, but the Chelsea goalkeeper was not too concerned.
Rather hopefully, Andersen steps forward and tries his luck from over 25 yards out, shooting from a central position but seeing his attempt comfortably saved by Petrovic.
OFF THE LINE! At the end of a quick counter initiated by Mudryk, Maatsen slips through into the area and guides the ball under Henderson - however, Mitchell comes to Crystal Palace's rescue! The full-back sprints back to clear the ball away from near his goal line - that's a close escape for the Eagles!
While Chelsea are winless in four Premier League home London derbies, Palace have won just one of their last 13 capital-city contests - beating West Ham 4-3 in April. Away from home, they’re winless in seven.
CHELSEA LEAD! Mudryk prods home from close range, putting the home side 1-0 in front! At the second attempt, Nkunku slips a ball through to the overlapping Gusto on the left, and the latter's sharp cutback finds Chelsea's Ukrainian winger alone in the six-yard box! Henderson had no chance!
After sprinting into the left side of the area, Gusto stays cool upon receiving the ball and picks out Mudryk with a low cross.
Chelsea are in hot pursuit of a second goal now: Gallagher whips over a free-kick from the left, but Nkunku can't control his header, which flies wildly over the crossbar.
Just five yards from his own goal, Gusto makes another vital intervention, as he lunges in to beat Ayew to the ball and cut out a dangerous cross from the right by Olise, who has been Palace's most threatening player so far.
Olise is continuing to cause his old club problems, and this time his curling cross picks out Mateta at the back post. The big striker's cutback is hacked away from danger, though, and Chelsea survive another scare.
SAVE! Jackson guides a clever backheel into Mudryk's path on the edge of the area, and the latter sprints through on goal, looking for all the world like he'll net his second goal of the game. However, Henderson is quickly off his line to make a sharp stop at close range! Good goalkeeping!
Chelsea have had around two-thirds of the ball so far, although the game has not been played entirely in Crystal Palace's half - far from it. It's been an open game, but the hosts have an important advantage and the Eagles have a mountain to climb.
Shortly after Jackson fails to make the most of a promising position inside the area - pulling the ball across the six-yard box to no-one in particular rather than shooting - Nkunku topples to the turf and claims a penalty. Both the referee and the VAR are disinterested, though.
Chelsea are building play from the back when Mateta steals the ball and then feeds Olise on the left. The latter then tries a first-time shot from 20 yards, but it is charged down by the first blue-shirted defender in front of him.
After Palace fail to make the most of a free-kick at the other end, a typically rapid burst by Mudryk turns momentum on its head and ultimately wins Chelsea a corner on the left.
The home side are still bossing the ball, passing patiently around in midfield while seeking an opening, but Palace don't mind their opponents having more possession - they can counter-attack at speed.
Following a sweeping switch of play from left to right, a swift passing move sees Maatsen advance towards the area and have a shot partly blocked behind. Chelsea are increasingly dangerous now - having Nkunku to play off has apparently lightened the burden on their front men.
A lovely switch of direction by Olise opens up a yard or two of space by the right touchline, but Lerma just mistimes his run and is immediately flagged for offside. It's been a fairly quiet shift for Petrovic so far.
This game is becoming quite comfortable for Chelsea to dictate, as Palace sit off a little. Approaching half-time, Pochettino will be by far the happier manager.
Gusto's impressive display continues, as the French full-back steals the ball from Ayew deep inside his own half, then is involved in a quick-counter attack up the other end.
Gallagher curls in a high free-kick from just inside Palace's half, and his delivery is just too strong for Disasi to bring down and either head towards goal or nod it on for one of several team-mates gathered in the area.
Crystal Palace are looking a little lost as the first half reaches its conclusion, they've faded out of contention after starting well enough. Still, they only trail by one.
PALACE PULL LEVEL! Killing the ball with his first touch and then sweeping it home with is second, Olise clinically makes it 1-1 at Stamford Bridge! On the left, Ayew is left in acres of space to weigh up his options, and his flat delivery beats everyone in a packed box before landing on Olise's chest. That's a superb finish at the back post, and out of the blue, Crystal Palace are back on terms!
Ayew looks up, assesses his options, then picks out Olise with a precise lofted throughball from the left.
HALF-TIME: CHELSEA 1-1 CRYSTAL PALACE
Stunned by a last-gasp leveller, Chelsea's young side traipse down the tunnel with no advantage gained from a first-half showing of some promise. Having suffered without the ball for long spells, Crystal Palace seemed set to trail at the break, as the lively Mudryk struck their hosts' opener early on, before Henderson made a crucial save from the same player soon after. However, the Eagles produced a moment of magic when Ayew and Olise combined in stoppage time. That leaves this London derby finely balanced at the interval, with everything to play for during the second half.
Chelsea have now conceded 59 Premier League goals in 2023 - the most league goals they've shipped in a single year since 1991. Meanwhile, Olise has now had a hand in 10 goals during his last 15 top-flight starts. Perhaps, given their hosts' defensive woes, Palace's losing streak against the Blues can finally end today?
Chelsea kick off, and we are back under way at Stamford Bridge!
Eze twice leaves Chelsea's defence scrambling to clear the ball, as he weaves some magic on the left side of the Blues' area before sending in a couple of dangerous deliveries. Finally, Maatsen hammers the ball clear.
After a brief pause in proceedings for both Gusto and Andersen to receive treatment - the latter having picked up a knock in an aerial challenge - the game resumes, with the two players back in their positions.
Mitchell gifts the ball to Maatsen in midfield, almost obliging Lerma to commit a foul to cover the danger. Fortunately for the Crystal Palace full-back, nothing comes of the subsequent set-piece.
Arriving late on Olise from behind, Caicedo becomes the first player on either side booked today. He also concedes a free-kick around 25 yards from goal.
Eze steps up to the free-kick won by Olise, but his dipping effort from a central position is sent flashing past the left-hand post without seriously troubling Petrovic.
SAVE! Mateta picks up the ball on the right flank, then beats two Chelsea defenders far too easily despite his lack of express pace. Taking his chance to shoot low and hard from a tight angle, the Palace striker forces Petrovic to tip the ball behind at his near post!
JUST OVER! Mateta comes close again, as a looping ball is flicked on by Richards' header inside the box and lands at his feet. However, he steers the ball over the crossbar from close range, and Chelsea breathe another sigh of relief! Palace are building some momentum now!
Pochettino can sense his side have started this second half without the required focus, so changes are inevitable: first, Colwill is replaced by Thiago Silva.
Lavia is also welcomed onto the pitch for his long-delayed Chelsea debut, with Maatsen making way.
It's end-to-end at the Bridge! First, Nkunku prompts Henderson to palm away a dangerous cross flashed across Palace's six-yard box; then, Eze's deflected shot from the edge of Chelsea's area is gathered by Petrovic.
Chelsea are regaining a modicum of control now, as Palace are forced a few yards back. It looks like the hosts' substitutions have brought about a change on either flank, with Gusto and Disasi filling in.
Gallagher decides against pulling the trigger from 25 yards, and Chelsea's patient passing around the perimeter of Palace's box ultimately comes to nothing. The home fans are now growing a little impatient - their team is totally dominating possession but remain level at 1-1.
Now Palace probe around the opposition area, and Ayew eventually releases a low cross from the left that is cleared away by Chelsea's rather nervy defence.
Ayew dwells on the ball for too long in an advanced position, failing to release Mitchell. He then runs into traffic on the edge of the area, so the visitors are obliged to build again.
Two more changes for Chelsea: Nkunku's full debut ends early, as Madueke jogs on to the pitch as his replacement.
Opening goalscorer Mudryk also departs, with Broja sent on to aid Jackson up front.
After a prolonged Palace attack is ended, Madueke sprints away on the counter. Richards brings the young winger down at the second attempt, earning himself a merited yellow card.
MISS! Jackson spurns a sitter! Caicedo and Gallagher combine to split the Palace defence, and Chelsea's Senegalese striker is sent clean through on goal. However, Henderson dives at his feet, and his hurried shot is guided just wide of the right-hand post! So close!
CHELSEA STRIKE AGAIN! Arriving unmarked at the back post, Jackson slots past Henderson to make up for his miss just moments ago! A cross from the right by Thiago Silva is deflected into the striker's path and he makes no mistake! But wait, the VAR will take a look at this - was he offside?
NO GOAL! Chelsea are denied a second goal by an offside ruling! It's heartbreak for the Blues and particularly for Jackson, who had picked himself up following a terrible miss and seemingly scored the winner! It stays 1-1!
Palace's first substitution: Schlupp comes on for Ayew.
Madueke is booked for a coming-together with Mitchell by the touchline.
Mitchell is also shown a yellow card for his part in the confrontation with Madueke.
SAVE! Released on the right side of the box by Schlupp, Olise has one shot blocked before firing the follow-up low and hard towards the near post: Petrovic gets down to make a crucial save! It's just a corner for Palace! This game can still go either way!
Another brilliant throughball by Thiago Silva - this time from deep - picks out the run of Broja, who takes the ball down perfectly with his first touch but then fires into the side-netting with a rather rash finish from the left side of Palace's area.
Richards heads away an inswinging corner deep inside his own area, then Andersen nods it further clear and Palace quickly set off on a lightning-quick counter. Eze eventually runs into too much traffic in a central position, though, and Chelsea escape.
PENALTY FOR CHELSEA? Long after the incident actually unfolded, the referee is called across to the pitchside monitor! It seems Eze tripped Madueke at that last Chelsea corner, and it looks like the Blues will soon have a spot-kick!
PENALTY CONFIRMED! The referee concurs with his VAR colleagues! Chelsea will have a great chance to win it from 12 yards - it's a penalty!
CHELSEA LEAD 2-1! The hosts have a precious lead, with just one minute of the 90 remaining! Madueke steps up to the spot-kick he won himself, sending Henderson the wrong way with a composed penalty-kick into the bottom-left corner! Surely that's the winner!?
Stunned by going behind, Palace make another change: it's a rare chance for Matheus Franca now; Lerma comes off.
Pochettino plays his final card in the second minute of at least eight added for stoppages. Badiashile makes way for young Gilchrist.
Lacking sufficient pace to seriously trouble Petrovic, Olise's shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom-right corner by Chelsea's stand-in goalkeeper. Time is running out for Palace now.
With the pressure intense to produce results, Pochettino oversteps the line and is booked by the referee. Bouncing back from last week's defeat at Wolves would ease the Chelsea coach's woes somewhat. Can his side hold on here?
Gallagher is also shown a late yellow card for dissent.
Jackson is caught offside again, and Crystal Palace have a free-kick deep inside their own territory. Will they be able to force one more opening, or is it already too late to find a second equaliser?
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 2-1 CRYSTAL PALACE
Stealing all three points with a late penalty coolly converted by substitute Madueke, Chelsea recover from letting a lead slip to beat Crystal Palace 2-1 at Stamford Bridge. A 12th straight league defeat of the Eagles matches their record run of victories against any club, and more importantly eases the pressure on Pochettino's young squad. The hosts had most of the ball throughout, but Eze and Olise were often a threat for Palace, with the latter sweeping in their equaliser shortly before the break after Mudryk had opened the scoring. Chelsea found a way to win it, though, and will wrap up their 2023 schedule by visiting Luton Town at the weekend; meanwhile, Palace - who have now conceded in the 80th minute or beyond in six of their past eight Premier League matches - host local rivals Brentford on Saturday. That's all from today's live coverage, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Everton and Manchester City at Goodison Park.
Everton saw a four-game winning streak in the Premier League come to an end as Son Heung-min and Richarlison – the latter against his former club – did the damage in a 2-1 victory for Tottenham last Saturday. The Toffees still sit a point clear of 18th-placed Luton Town, who were 3-2 victors at Sheffield United on Tuesday, despite their 10-point deduction for breaches of the league’s financial rulings – a decision that has been appealed by the club. Sean Dyche will want his side to focus on matters in their own hands, though, as they prepare an attempt to overthrow the reigning top-flight champions at Goodison Park.
While a December trip to Saudi Arabia proved fruitful for City, who won the FIFA Club World Cup for the first time in their history by defeating Urawa Reds and Fluminense, Pep Guardiola’s side returned to England six points adrift of Premier League leaders Arsenal. That deficit extended to eight points as Liverpool surged to the top-flight summit with Tuesday’s 2-0 victory over Burnley, while the defending English champions still trail Aston Villa by four and fourth-placed Tottenham by two. The Manchester club were held to a last-gasp 2-2 draw with Crystal Palace in their last league outing and must improve if they are to leave Merseyside with a positive result.
EVERTON (4-2-3-1): Jordan Pickford; Nathan Patterson, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite, Vitalii Mykolenko; Andre Gomes, Amadou Onana; Jack Harrison, James Garner, Dwight McNeil; Beto.
SUBSTITUTES: Michael Keane, Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Arnaut Danjuma, Joao Virginia, Ben Godfrey, Seamus Coleman, Youssef Chermiti, Mackenzie Hunt, Lewis Dobbin.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-2-3-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, John Stones, Manuel Akanji, Nathan Ake; Matheus Nunes, Rodri; Bernardo Silva, Phil Foden, Jack Grealish; Julian Alvarez.
SUBSTITUTES: Kalvin Phillips, Mateo Kovacic, Stefan Ortega, Sergio Gomez, Josko Gvardiol, Oscar Bobb, Mahamadou Susoho, Rico Lewis, Micah Hamilton.
Having not scored since the end of October against West Ham, Calvert-Lewin is dropped down to the bench as Dyche prefers Beto to lead the line. That is one of two changes, with the other enforced as Gueye misses out through injury and Gomes – who scored against Tottenham last time out – takes his place for a first start of the season. Abdoulaye Doucoure is another midfield absentee due to injury, while the fit-again Coleman returns to the bench.
Guardiola makes two alterations to the Club World Cup-winning starting lineup. Ruben Dias misses out entirely as Akanji replaces him to partner former Toffee Stones at centre-back, while Lewis drops down to the substitutes list for Nunes to come in. Alvarez starts up top as talismanic Norway forward Erling Haaland remains out with a troublesome foot injury. Kevin De Bruyne and Jeremy Doku are the other notable longer-term absentees for the visitors, although Rodri is fit to start after an injury scare against Fluminense.
Man City have won their last six away league games against Everton, scoring at least three times in four of those. It’s more victories than they’d managed in their previous 26 visits to Goodison Park (W5 D7 L14). Can Guardiola’s side continue that impressive run? We’re about to find out as kick-off approaches…
After a minute of respect to reflect on the past year, referee John Brooks gets this Premier League clash under the Goodison Park lights started! Expect noise, and a lot of it, from the vociferous home supporters to bring in the close of 2023.
Stretching to reach an early cross from Patterson, Beto heads harmlessly wide from inside the City area. Everton will not shy away from a lofted delivery or two as they look to bombard their visitors and utilise Beto's height.
Rodri powers through the middle after Beto fails to hold up the ball before City revert back into a settled spell of possession. Guardiola's visitors will look to take the sting out of this clash when they have it at their feet.
SAVE! A fine diagonal pass from Walker finds Grealish, who ghosts inside before prodding through for Alvarez. The City forward pokes a quick-thinking shot towards the centre of goal, where Pickford reacts quickly to parry away a convincing save with his chest.
Walker, an unusual creative outlet, slams into the feet of Silva, who is unable to turn at the near post as Mykolenko clears the danger. The adverse weather conditions have not bothered City so far, and the away side are well on top.
Foden is clipped in midfield by Garner, and with Brooks in close proximity, the referee is quick to blow for a free-kick. Down the right flank, Branthwaite has to cover to turn behind for the first corner of the game as Nunes lurks.
WIDE! Silva works it short from the right-sided corner before possession works its way to Walker, who arrows a long-range right-footed strike towards the bottom-right corner. A deflection by the wall of blue Everton shirts sends the effort just wide of Pickford's target.
Stones clumsily fells Garner, who wins a free-kick near the halfway line to stem the increasing pressure on Everton. The hosts will send this one long to test Ederson and the City defence.
A long Gomes free-kick is dealt well with by Rodri before City clear from the resulting throw-in. Onana then angles through for Beto but Ederson races off his line to intervene in front of the striker.
CLOSE! Alvarez hunts down a long ball as Tarkowski unconvincingly heads away. Foden pounces on the chance, driving forward towards the right of the area before slicing a right-footed strike just over Pickford's goal when looking for the top-right corner. City are ramping up the pressure at Goodison.
DOUBLE SAVE! The away side catch Everton on the break as Alvarez touches through for Nunes, whose right-footed drive is kicked away by the impressive Pickford. Alvarez is first to the rebound but his first-time attempt is tipped behind by the England goalkeeper. A fine double stop keeps the visitors at bay!
Everton have won just one of their last 20 Premier League games against Man City (D5 L14) and are winless in 12 against them (D2 L10) since a 4-0 victory in January 2017. Dyche's side remain level, at least for now, though.
McNeil launches long down the left-hand side before Akanji needlessly drags the industrious Beto to the floor. Referee Brooks blows for a home free-kick and Goodison Park awaits the set-piece opportunity.
Gomes hovers over the wide free-kick before delivering towards the far post, where a brave Ederson punch thwarts the incoming Branthwaite. The home crowd are up on their feet as Everton try to place some pressure on City before a wayward pass ends any hope of another attack.
Akanji completed all 23 of his passes in the opening 20 minutes of this game, the most of any player with a 100 per cent success rate. City's centre-back impressing will not bother Dyche, though, with Everton content to invite their visitors forward before pouncing on the counter-attack.
ANOTHER GOOD STOP! Everton are hanging in as Nunes is felled but the referee plays advantage. Grealish progresses towards the left of the area before toe-poking a right-footed shot low towards the bottom-right corner. Pickford gets down well to his left to parry away before the hosts withstand another period of pressure.
City have won just one of their last six Premier League games (D4 L1), coming from behind to beat Luton 2-1 earlier this month. It’s the first time they’ve had a run of just one win in six league games since February/March 2016 (W1 D1 L4). Guardiola's treble winners have started in dominant fashion here, though.
A wayward Akanji pass back to Ederson gifts Everton an avoidable corner. McNeil swings in the right-sided set-piece but Ake clears well when under pressure from Garner inside the six-yard area.
Grealish angles a well-weighted left-wing cross to Silva, who takes a touch down before curling a horrendous left-footed effort comfortably into the Goodison Park stand. The Portugal international will be disappointed with that one.
GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! EVERTON OPEN THE SCORING! City must hold their hands up and look at themselves after they gift the hosts a 1-0 lead. Akanji fails to find Silva on the right-hand side before Rodri is dispossessed when stalling under pressure from three Toffees. McNeil intercepts and drives towards the left of the box before drilling low for Harrison to sweep past Ederson from just outside the six-yard area with a routine left-footed finish. Dyche’s side are ahead at Goodison Park and it is bouncing!
McNeil harries Rodri, along with two other Everton team-mates, before squaring across for Harrison to finish from close range.
This is great tactical work from Dyche. Everton have dug deep, sitting in before waiting for their chance when City make a mistake. Guardiola's side have it all to do now, otherwise they will be heading into the new year with defeat.
WASTEFUL! The away side pin Everton back as Ake nips in and offloads for Grealish, who nutmegs a Toffee to lay back towards the edge of the area. Rodri, the man at fault for Harrison's opener, slashes a miscued right-footed effort well wide of Pickford's goal. A great chance goes amiss for the defending English champions.
GREAT SAVE! 'Evertoooooon' rings out around Goodison Park from the home supporters as the hosts win a corner on the left-hand side. Gomes delivers and the ball is cleared as far as Harrison, who curls an outside-of-the-boot left-footed strike towards the top-left corner. Ederson stretches as far as his reach can take him to tip over.
City have conceded first in four of their last five Premier League games, having gone 1-0 down in just three of their first 13 games this term. The visitors must find a response on Merseyside once again.
Great tackle! Pickford launches long for Beto, who bundles towards the area before Stones produces a brilliant last-ditch intervention to thwart the striker. The City centre-back stays down injured, which is frustrating for the visitors as a belated offside flag goes up anyway. The England defender will require medical attention.
Some football supporters may question the ongoing persistence for officials to wave play on before belatedly flagging for an offside decision. There was no malice in Beto's collision with Stones, but that could have been avoided if for an earlier refereeing call. Fortunately for City, their centre-back trudges towards the touchline and should be fine to continue.
Patterson is the first name in referee Brooks' book after dragging down Grealish on the left-hand side with a cynical foul. The Everton right-back knew exactly what he was doing there.
Alvarez whips a wide free-kick towards the far post, where Rodri flicks on. A slight touch off of Tarkowski brings a City corner, despite Everton and the home supporters' protests. The resulting set-piece comes to nothing, however.
Stones is still hobbling around from the earlier Beto challenge as Tarkowski hooks a clearance out of play. It looks like Guardiola will be forced to bring on Gvardiol for the away side, who are already without De Bruyne, Doku and Haaland.
Stones is no longer fit to continue after his earlier collision with Beto. The centre-back, who has already missed a portion of the season through injury, limps off against his former side as Gvardiol takes his place. Ake shifts inwards as the substitute slots in at left-back.
Rodri is both high and late with a lunging tackle on Garner, who stays down for a brief moment after an ill-timed challenge. The referee opts for a warning towards the Spain midfielder, however.
There will be three minutes of additional time to end this half at Goodison Park, owing to the goal and Stones' injury. Guardiola will be having strong words at half-time at this rate.
Everton are in survival mode as Nunes and Silva look to breach the home defence. Beto hoists a no-nonsense clearance into the vacant City half as Dyche's men withstand another barrage.
Walker drills a low cross at McNeil, who blocks behind for a corner. City go short and work it out towards the edge of the area before Foden is forced backwards. That is a morale victory for Everton after they push the visitors all the way back to Ederson.
HALF-TIME: EVERTON 1-0 MANCHESTER CITY
The plan from Dyche is working so far as Everton head in 1-0 up against Man City at half-time at Goodison Park. Pickford produced fine saves to deny Alvarez twice, as well as Grealish, before McNeil capitalised on a Rodri error to tee up Harrison's 29th-minute opener. The resurgent Toffees have their tails up and, for now at least, Guardiola's side have failed to muster a compelling response.
Everton are undefeated in three Premier League games this season when leading at half-time (two wins, one draw) and Dyche will fancy his side's chances of defending their advantage in front of a vociferous Goodison faithful. City must up the tempo and find a way without talisman Haaland, who has been a sore miss for the underwhelming visitors. At 1-0, it will only take one moment of magic to change this game, however.
Man City have lost just two of their last 11 Premier League games when trailing at the break (W6 D3), with those defeats coming at Tottenham in February and Wolves in September. Can they manage a response at Goodison Park? We’re about to find out as the second half gets underway!
Beto makes the most of a hopeful McNeil pass and wins a throw-in by ushering Akanji out the way. The Everton striker has done all the hard work for the hosts after replacing the goal-shy Calvert-Lewin up top.
Gvardiol and Silva both keep City attacks alive before Rodri hooks a wasteful left-footed half-volley over from the edge of the Everton box. The Spain midfielder is still out to atone for his first-half mistake that led to Harrison's well-taken opener.
Branthwaite stays down after an aerial challenge with Alvarez, who appeared to catch the centre-back a little late with a loose arm. The Everton centre-back is fine to continue, though, and has been incredibly impressive thus far.
Beto overpowers Akanji once more and wins a free-kick near the halfway line. Pickford comes all the way up to take this one and it is going to be another aerial challenge for City to deal with.
Close! Nunes drifts into space on the right of the area, receiving possession from Foden before drilling across the face of goal. Tarkowski steps in at the vital moment to hook a last-ditch clearance behind for a corner.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! CITY EQUALISE! Pass, pass, pass and finally the visitors level to make it 1-1 at Goodison Park. Guardiola’s side go short from a right-sided corner before patiently working it back out to same flank. Silva offloads back for Foden, who cuts onto his left foot from around 25 yards out before blasting a low effort into the bottom-right corner. Pickford cannot get down quick enough and the defending champions restore parity!
Silva takes the credit for the assist but the praise belongs with Foden, who makes something out of nothing to drive past Pickford.
CHANCE! Foden is buzzing all around the Goodison Park pitch and drills a low cross towards the near post. Alvarez touches just wide to the left of Pickford's goal and City are also incensed as they feel the referee has made the wrong decision by awarding a goal-kick. The away side are rampant and searching for the all-important third goal.
Foden has scored four Premier League goals against Everton, only netting more against Brighton in the competition (six). The England international has single-handedly dragged his side back into this contest on Merseyside.
Will Dyche turn to Calvert-Lewin soon? Beto has ran himself into the ground and has worked with very little service. That decision can wait, though, as Patterson turns behind for a corner from Grealish's cross.
Akanji is eventually booked after a three-minute passage of play without the ball going out following his late challenge on Onana. The City centre-back protests his innocence, perhaps perplexed the referee remembered after such a long period of the game before coming back to discipline him.
Gomes knows what he is doing as he clips the ankles of Grealish, earning a booking for the Everton midfielder as well as offering City a free-kick in a promising wide position.
GOOD STRIKE! Silva hovers over the free-kick but Alvarez is the man to take. The City forward whips over the wall, aiming for the top-left corner, but Pickford pushes over with an assured save.
PENALTY! Alvarez whips in the left-sided corner before Pickford punches away. Foden smashes a first-time effort that is deflected out to Ake, whose close-range effort is blocked by a couple of Everton bodies. The referee pauses before deciding, perhaps on the consultation of his assistant, that Onana has handled when sliding in and awards a spot-kick. The VAR sticks with the on-field decision and City will have a chance to take the lead...
Pickford is cautioned for delaying Alvarez's spot-kick after the Onana handball decision.
GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! CITY TAKE THE LEAD AT GOODISON PARK! The home crowd are silenced as Alvarez sneaks his spot-kick under Pickford to make it 2-1 to the visitors. The City forward’s right-footed strike is far from convincing, although Pickford – diving to his right – cannot save with his legs as the ball trickles into the net.
Dyche looks to the bench, sending on Calvert-Lewin for Beto as Everton search for a way back into this clash.
Guardiola opts to make a change as well, first bringing on Kovacic for Nunes. The Croatia midfielder will offer some much-needed experience to City's midfield.
Everton also introduce Keane for Gomes. Dyche will revert to a back-three formation with the arrival of the centre-back.
Everton have won their last two Premier League home games, beating Newcastle United 3-0 and Chelsea 2-0. They last won more consecutively at Goodison Park in September 2021 (four), while they last did so without conceding in August 2019 (five). The Toffees have a long way to fight their way back here, however.
Dyche's side have to find a way to chase this game, with their happiness to sit in and hit on the counter-attack no longer a viable option. For now, City look the more likely to add another goal.
Silva continues to pull the strings in midfield as the Portugal international glides around the Goodison Park pitch. He has completed the joint-most passes in the opposition half (41, level with Walker) in another impressive performance.
City play out from the back with beautiful elegance as Everton race up to press. Grealish is then caught late by Tarkowski, staying down as the referee waves play on with an advantage. The Everton centre-back has perhaps let his frustration out on the winger with that challenge.
CHANCE! City are furious as they protest for an offside flag that never goes up. Harrison speeds down the right flank before whipping across for Calvert-Lewin, who looks to dink around Ederson but sends his right-footed effort just wide to the right of goal. A huge opportunity goes begging for Everton.
Ouch! Walker powers down the right-hand side on the counter-attack before Tarkowski thunders into Alvarez with a crunching sliding tackle. Everton begrudgingly kick the ball out so the City forward can receive treatment, much to the annoyance of the home crowd.
Alvarez, still a bit dazed by Tarkowski's well-timed sliding challenge, returns to the Goodison Park pitch to a chorus of jeers. Branthwaite then fells Silva with a late lunge and goes into the referee's book. Tensions are rising on Merseyside!
Alvarez now has 10 goals and seven assists in his last 22 appearances in all competitions for City. In fact, since the start of last season, only Haaland (85 – 71 goals, 14 assists) has more goals and assists in all competitions for Man City than the Argentina forward (28 goals, 12 assists).
Harrison, who opened the scoring with a well-taken finish in the 29th minute, rushes off to be replaced by Danjuma. Dyche is heading towards last-chance saloon to salvage a point here.
Grealish's first touch is poor as Patterson intervenes before the City winger slides through the back of McNeil when trying to recover near the left-hand touchline. The England international goes into the referee's book for that challenge from behind on the Everton man.
Again from near the halfway line, Pickford launches a free-kick long but Akanji heads clear under little pressure from any Everton player. This could be route-one football from the hosts, who have just under 10 minutes to find an equaliser.
McNeil clips a delicate cross but his floated delivery curls only into the chest of Ederson, who takes his time to collect by goading Calvert-Lewin towards the ball. Time ticks on at Goodison Park.
Grealish has scored three goals in his last three Premier League games for City, as many as he had in his previous 23. It’s the first time in his top-flight career he’s scored in three consecutive appearances. However, he also has as many yellow cards in 21 games this season in all competitions as he received in 50 matches last season (six yellows).
OVER! Alvarez, scorer of City's second goal, takes the ball onto his left foot inside the area before angling a hooked strike just over Pickford's goal. The Argentina forward has been a real problem when receiving possession at his feet and turning to run at the Everton defence.
GOOOOOOOOALLLLL! 3-1 CITY AND THAT IS GAME OVER! Goodison Park is crestfallen as the champions extend their lead and surely secure all three points on the road. Pickford makes a mess of his clearance outside his area on the left as he hooks into Alvarez. A loose ball falls to Silva, who from a tight angle holds Branthwaite off before curling a perfect left-footed strike into the top-left corner of an unguarded net. The Portugal international’s name rings out from the away end after a well-crafted finish from his magical left boot.
Pickford has made a lot of good saves to keep Everton in this game, but the blame falls at the feet of the home side's goalkeeper for Silva's goal. Dyche's side will not find a way back into this clash now as they head towards back-to-back defeats in the Premier League, and three across all competitions after their EFL Cup quarter-final loss to Fulham on penalties.
Silva has scored and assisted for a sixth time in a Premier League match, with all six coming away from home – he's done so twice at Goodison Park (also in February 2021). The Portugal star may be the toast of the blue side of Manchester after this one!
OFF THE WOODWORK! Ederson launches a free-kick long from deep as the fourth official indicates six minutes of additional time. Alvarez works it well for Foden, who makes it into the area before his left-footed strike crashes into the post when looking for the top-right corner. The City forward has been imperious at Goodison Park and almost grabbed a deserved second goal there.
Goodison Park is slowly emptying out as the home crowd leave with little to celebrate. By contrast, Guardiola's name echoes around the stands from the away end as last season's treble winners head for a first victory back on English soil after their Club World Cup win in Jeddah.
FODEN AGAIN! The City midfielder dances from inside his own half, gliding forward before attempting to catch Pickford off his line with a lofted left-footed attempt. The Everton goalkeeper is not surprised, though, and backtracks before parrying away a smart save to the swerving effort.
Dyche's hosts have looked somewhat off the pace since Foden's equaliser, although that has more to do with City's quality rather than Everton's incompetence. The City supporters are enjoying their time on Merseyside as they coast towards another top-flight victory.
FULL-TIME: EVERTON 1-3 MANCHESTER CITY
Manchester City return to winning ways in the Premier League as they come from behind to triumph 3-1 over Everton at Goodison Park. Guardiola’s side showed some signs of a Club World Cup hangover as they fell behind to Harrison’s well-taken 29th-minute opener after McNeil capitalised on a Rodri error to tee up that goal. However, the defending English champions responded in scintillating fashion in the second half as Foden rattled in an equaliser from range before Alvarez edged the visitors ahead with a spot-kick. Onana was adjudged to have handled for that penalty decision when blocking Ake’s effort and Pickford almost denied the City forward from 12 yards, too, but the away side did not look back as Silva extended their lead with just four minutes remaining. The Citizens leapfrog Tottenham to go into fourth but still trail top-flight leaders Liverpool by five points, while Everton remain just one clear of 18th-placed Luton Town, who are in the relegation zone but have a game in hand. Sheffield United visit City on Saturday, while the Toffees travel to Wolves on the same day. That is all for now, until next time! Goodbye and thanks for following.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Manchester United and Aston Villa at Old Trafford.
United failed to follow up an encouraging draw away at Liverpool, losing 2-0 at West Ham on Saturday to make it four games without a win in all competitions. Erik ten Hag's men head into this match in eighth, already eight points off the Champions League places, though a win here against a fellow European hopeful would help to improve the atmosphere surrounding the club.
Villa's run of 14 Premier League home victories was ended by struggling Sheffield United last time out, drawing 1-1 at Villa Park on Friday. The Villans remain in third, though, and a victory here would move Unai Emery's side level on points with leaders Liverpool at the Premier League summit.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Jonny Evans, Raphael Varane, Diogo Dalot; Kobbie Mainoo, Christian Eriksen; Marcus Rashford, Bruno Fernandes, Alejandro Garnacho; Rasmus Hojlund.
SUBS: Daniel Gore, Willy Kambwala, Donny van de Beek, Scott McTominay, Sergio Reguilon, Altay Bayindir, Hannibal Mejbri, Antony, Facundo Pellistri.
ASTON VILLA (4-4-1-1): Emiliano Martinez; Ezri Konsa, Diego Carlos, Clement Lenglet, Lucas Digne; Leon Bailey, John McGinn, Douglas Luiz, Jacob Ramsey; Leander Dendoncker; Ollie Watkins.
SUBS: Tim Iroegbunam, Alex Moreno, Sam Proctor, Moussa Diaby, Pau Torres, Nicolo Zaniolo, Filip Marschall, Calum Chambers, Jhon Duran.
Ten Hag makes four changes from the 2-0 loss at West Ham, as Varane and Dalot return to the back four for Kambwala and Luke Shaw, the latter of whom misses out altogether with a knock. Eriksen and Rashford come in for McTominay and Antony.
Emery goes with two alterations to his starting XI from the draw with Sheffield United. Matty Cash misses out through suspension, with Carlos brought in to deputise as Konsa shifts across to right-back. Dendoncker in for Diaby is the other change.
The two sets of players make their way onto the Old Trafford pitch ahead of this huge Premier League encounter. Who will be walking away with the three points? We will find out shortly!
The hosts kick us off and we are under way in Manchester!
United have won 38 of their 56 Premier League games against Villa (13 draws, five defeats), the highest win rate of any side to have faced another at least 40 times in the competition (68 per cent).
Neither side has really been able to grasp hold of the game yet, with a couple of misplaced passes going astray in these opening exchanges.
Hojlund's first real act is to win a free-kick for his side. He is yet to find the back of the net in the Premier League since arriving from Atalanta, but he will be hoping to end that here.
Ten minutes on the clock at Old Trafford, and we are yet to have a clear-cut chance. There is plenty of attacking talent on show, however, so you would expect that to change soon.
The first shot on target of the contest falls to Eriksen, though his effort from just outside the box is straight down the throat of Martinez, who makes a comfortable save.
Villa have won two of their last four Premier League games against United, as many as they had in their previous 51 against them (12 defeats, 37 losses).
The game has quite an open feel at the moment, with plenty of space to attack. The final ball has been lacking for both sides so far, though.
Rashford is constantly looking for the ball over the top, making run after run in behind the Villa defence. The visitors are employing a very high line, and Martinez will have to be alert to come out and sweep up if Rashford manages to beat the offside trap.
Dendoncker briefly goes down in pain after being caught with a high foot by Fernandes as the two battled for possession. The Villa man will be okay to continue, though.
GOOOAAALLL!!! VILLA ARE IN FRONT!!! After Fernandes brought down Dendoncker, the visitors have a free-kick near the touchline. McGinn whips the free-kick in, and it somehow evades everybody in the crowded box before nestling into the back of the net! 1-0 to the visitors!
It certainly was not the prettiest of goals, but Villa will not care as they now hold a 1-0 lead at Old Trafford. There is plenty of time left, though, and Emery will be hoping his side can keep their concentration for the remaining 67 or so minutes.
Villa have won all nine of the Premier League games in which they have taken the lead this season. They usually go on to take maximum points when they get their noses in front.
GOOOAAALLL!!! DENDONCKER MAKES IT 2-0!!! It is another terrible goal to concede for United, as McGinn curls a deep corner to the far post. Lenglet is in acres of space in the box to meet it, and he nods it back across goal for Dendoncker, who swings a leg at the ball and sends it into the back of the net for his first Villa goal!
Lenglet was in far too much space at the back post, and his header back into the danger area was duly finished by Dendoncker.
What a start for Villa, who must surely fancy their chances of coming away from Old Trafford with three points that will move them joint-top with Liverpool. For United, this could get ugly if they do not sort out their defending at set-pieces.
The hosts look to hit back through Fernandes, but his dipping effort bounces well wide of the target. Martinez has enjoyed a pretty comfortable outing to this point.
Rashford receives the ball on the edge of the box before firing goalwards, though his low shot again fails to test Martinez as the Villa goalkeeper makes a routine stop.
United need a response, and quick. To their credit, they have shown a bit more attacking intent since Dendoncker doubled Villa's lead.
Martinez is called into action again as Rashford pulls the trigger, though the Argentina international is able to parry away from danger. The hosts are getting closer.
This is just the third time Villa have scored more than once away to United in the Premier League after April 2009 (3-2 defeat) and December 2019 (2-2 draw).
Emery will be desperate for his team to make it to the interval with their two-goal lead intact. A United goal before then could give the hosts a huge psychological boost ahead of the second half.
Ten Hag's men are still probing for a goal, though Villa are certainly looking a threat when they come forward on the counter. The next goal is absolutely pivotal to the outcome of this match.
Fernandes plays a delightful sweeping pass out to his left for Rashford, who drives into the box before lashing goalwards. His shot is really poor, though, and flies well wide of the left post.
We are into four minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
The first booking of the game goes to Ramsey for wiping out Garnacho as United came forward.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 0-2 ASTON VILLA
The half-time whistle blows as the teams head back to the Old Trafford changing rooms with Villa 2-0 up against United. McGinn put the visitors ahead with 21 minutes on the clock, whipping a free-kick into the penalty area. The ball somehow evaded everybody in the crowded box before flying into the back of the net to edge Villa in front. It was 2-0 shortly after, United again failing to deal with a set-piece as Lenglet nodded McGinn's corner back into the danger area, where Dendoncker was waiting to turn home and leave Emery's men in the ascendancy at the interval.
United have it all to do if they are to end their winless run, though there were some positive signs towards the end of that opening 45 minutes. Getting the next goal will prove crucial if they are to find a way back into this match.
The visitors get the ball rolling again for the second half!
NO GOAL!!! Garnacho thinks he has halved the deficit as United catch Villa on the counter, with Fernandes' clever pass giving Rashford possession on the left. He manages to get it across to Garnacho, who springs the offside trap before going around Martinez and firing home. However, a subsequent VAR check rules that Garnacho was offside from Rashford's pass, and Villa can breathe a sigh of relief!
With the linesman not putting up his flag to rule Garnacho offside, Digne picks up an injury while trying to stop the winger scoring. Emery will not be best pleased about that as Digne comes off for Moreno.
United have now failed to score a first-half goal in 13 of their 19 games. Only bottom-half sides Crystal Palace (14) and Sheffield United (16) have failed to score more often in the Premier League this season.
United fans want a red card as Martinez wipes out Rashford, who was looking to latch onto Fernandes' lofted throughball. However, the Villa goalkeeper got to the ball first, and though he did catch Rashford with his follow-through, he got enough of the ball to not be penalised.
Villa are looking pretty comfortable at the moment, with United managing just the one shot since the break. Emery will be thrilled with his side's display to this point.
GOOOAAALLL!!! GARNACHO MAKES IT 2-1!!! United catch Villa in possession, and Fernandes plays a neat throughball into the path of Rashford. Much like the disallowed goal moments ago, Rashford manages to pick out Garnacho, though this time the youngster manages to stay onside before firing home to cut into Villa's lead!
Rashford kept his composure to pick out Garnacho at the back post.
SAVE!!! Just moments after seeing their lead halved, Villa nearly restore their two-goal advantage through Bailey. The Jamaica international races onto a cross from the left before firing goalwards first time, though Onana gets down well to make a vital stop!
United's defending at set-pieces again leaves much to be desired, though Luiz's header flies well over the target. He really should have done better there with the space he was in.
WIDE! A long ball upfield from Onana is not dealt with by Moreno, and Garnacho races onto it. The winger takes the ball into the box before firing towards goal, but he drags his effort a little and it flies wide of the target.
United scream for a penalty as Hojlund is bundled over by Carlos, though a delayed flag goes up for offside. United are on top at the moment, growing in momentum since Garnacho's goal.
Garnacho's goal was United's first in all competitions in 439 minutes of football since McTominay's 69th-minute strike against Chelsea earlier in December.
Twenty minutes left at Old Trafford, and the hosts are pushing for a leveller. Emery would love a third goal to calm any late nerves, though the visitors' attacking threat has dwindled in this second half.
GOOOAAALLL!!! GARNACHO LEVELS FOR UNITED!!! The youngster has done it again as he fires home his second of the game to make it 2-2! Fernandes receives the ball on the right before trying to cross. His delivery is flicked out by a Villa defender's leg, falling straight to Garnacho, who fires goalwards. His shot looks as if it will be saved by Martinez, but the ball takes a wicked deflection off Carlos, wrongfooting the Villa goalkeeper and flying into the back of the net!
WHAT A BLOCK! The ball is cut back for McGinn in the United box, and it looks as if he has managed to divert into the back of the net. However, Evans somehow gets back in the nick of time to get in the way of McGinn's shot, saving a certain goal!
Fernandes receives a yellow card for dissent after furiously protesting the referee's decision not to book Luiz for getting in the way of a quick free-kick.
Carlos is booked for hauling Hojlund to the turf as the striker looked to latch onto a long punt upfield.
After Garnacho levelled, United players raced back to the centre circle to get the game restarted. They believe they can kick on and find a winner!
Ramsey has struggled to make an impact, and he makes way for Diaby as Emery looks to freshen up his attack.
Zaniolo, who came off the bench to score a late equaliser against Sheffield United last time out, comes on for Bailey, looking to repeat his heroics.
What impact will Emery's introductions of Diaby and Zaniolo have? The Villa head coach must be frustrated at his side squandering their two-goal advantage.
Rashford, who got the assist for Garnacho's first goal, trudges off for Antony.
Mainoo looks to rally the Old Trafford crowd as he makes way for McTominay.
GOOOAAALLL!!! HOJLUND MAKES IT 3-2!!! The young striker finally has his first Premier League goal, and what a huge one it could prove to be as United complete the turnaround! A corner comes into the Villa box, and McGinn fails to deal with it as the ball comes off his thigh and into the danger area. It sits up perfectly for Hojlund, who fires in off the post to spark wild celebrations at Old Trafford!
Garnacho is the youngest player (19 years and 178 days) to score two goals or more on Boxing Day in the Premier League, surpassing Michael Owen (20 years and 12 days against Newcastle United in 1999).
Looking to stem the massive swing in momentum, Emery brings on Iroegbunam for Dendoncker.
McGinn, whose touch teed up Hojlund to fire home, is replaced by Duran.
Konsa is booked for a late sliding challenge on Garnacho.
Having scored what could prove to be the winner, Hojlund comes off to a great reception from the home crowd. Kambwala is on in his place as Ten Hag looks to shore up his defence.
There are a few groans around Old Trafford as the fourth official's board indicates there will be NINE minutes of added time! Can United hold on?
Garnacho looks for his hat-trick as he latches onto Fernandes' long throughball, though he is crowded out before he can find the back of the net and make the points safe.
Eriksen makes way for Gore as United look to see out these remaining minutes.
Garnacho, whose two goals hauled United back into the game before Hojlund completed the turnaround, is replaced by Hannibal.
Villa have not been able to really trouble United in this added time, though there is still enough time for the visitors to find an equaliser.
Iroegbunam hauls down Hannibal out of frustration, and United have a free-kick as precious seconds continue to tick away. The hosts are nearly there.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 3-2 ASTON VILLA
The full-time whistle sparks jubilant celebrations at Old Trafford as United fans celebrate a magnificent 3-2 comeback victory over Villa. They were left with it all to do as McGinn's bizarre free-kick and Dendoncker's flicked finish had the visitors two goals to the good at the break, but United's young guns managed to turn things around. Firstly, Garnacho fired home from Rashford's low cross, before the Argentine levelled with a deflected effort. Hojlund got the winner, taking advantage of a loose McGinn touch in the box to find the back of the net for his first Premier League goal, one that proved to be the winner as the hosts saw out the remaining minutes. It's a huge victory for United as they end their winless run, picking up three points that move them up to sixth. For Villa, they miss the opportunity to move level on points with leaders Liverpool, staying in third. They will look to get back to winning ways when they host struggling Burnley on Saturday, while United will hope to win again when they travel to Nottingham Forest the same day. That is all we have for you from Old Trafford, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
Hello everyone and welcome to live text coverage of the Premier League clash between Newcastle United and Nottingham Forest.
St James' Park is the venue for a showdown between two teams struggling for form. Seventh-place Newcastle have lost five of their last six matches across all competitions while Forest, who are 17th in the Premier League, are without a win in seven.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Martin Dubravka; Kieran Trippier, Sven Botman, Fabian Schar, Dan Burn; Lewis Miley, Bruno Guimaraes, Sean Longstaff; Miguel Almiron, Alexander Isak, Anthony Gordon.
SUBS: Loris Karius, Paul Dummett, Lewis Hall, Emil Krafth, Alex Murphy, Tino Livramento, Matt Ritchie, Joelinton, Callum Wilson.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-2-3-1): Matt Turner; Ola Aina, Murillo, Moussa Niakhate, Gonzalo Montiel; Danilo, Ibrahim Sangare; Callum Hudson-Odoi, Morgan Gibbs-White, Anthony Elanga; Chris Wood.
SUBS: Odysseas Vlachodimos, Neco Williams, Joe Worrall, Nuno Tavares, Orel Mangala, Cheikhou Kouyate, Ryan Yates, Nicolas Dominguez, Divock Origi.
Eddie Howe makes two changes from Newcastle's defeat at Luton last weekend. Botman makes his first Premier League start since September as he replaces the injured Jamaal Lascelles in the heart of defence, while Isak is preferred to Wilson up front. Having missed the trip to Kenilworth Road with a hamstring problem, Joelinton is back among the Magpies' substitutes.
As for Forest, new boss Nuno Espirito Santo makes six alterations from the defeat to Bournemouth in his first match at the helm. Three of those are in defence with Aina, Niakhate and Montiel all coming into the starting XI. There are also recalls for Danilo, Sangare and Hudson-Odoi. Williams, Yates, Mangala and Origi drop to the bench, while Willy Boly misses out through suspension and Harry Toffolo is also absent.
Despite their recent struggles, Newcastle will be buoyed by their form on home soil. Indeed, the Magpies have won each of their last seven Premier League games at St James' Park.
The players are coming out onto the pitch and we are almost ready to go here.
Chris Kavanagh is our referee today. He blows his whistle and Newcastle get the match under way kicking towards the Gallowgate end.
The hosts go straight onto the attack and force a corner, which Trippier takes short to Almiron. They look to work the ball into the box, but Forest quickly snuff out the threat and are awarded a free-kick when Elanga is tripped by Gordon.
JUST WIDE! Forest threaten and after an initial attempt is blocked, the ball drops for Gibbs-White in the box. The former Wolves midfielder gets a shot away, but drags it wide of the left post.
The anticipation among the crowd increases as Newcastle look to counter. Trippier has plenty of space down the right flank and sends in a cross, but Murillo is alert and clears the danger.
The Magpies are enjoying their longest winning streak on home soil in the Premier League since a run of 11 successive victories between September 2002 and January 2003, when they were under the guidance of the late, great Bobby Robson.
A neat build-up from the hosts culminates in Miley clipping the ball towards the far post, but Montiel is there to head clear for Forest.
Of course, it was just over a year ago that Montiel was winning the World Cup with Argentina in Qatar. The full-back slotted home the decisive penalty against France in the final.
A let-off for Danilo. Ignoring pretty much all footballing manuals, the Forest midfielder plays the ball across his own penalty area. It is intercepted by Almiron but, as the visitors quickly recover numbers, the hosts are unable to capitalise with Trippier eventually sending his attempted cross behind for a goal-kick.
Newcastle do not particularly like Boxing Day. Indeed, they have suffered the most defeats in Premier League (15) and English league history (46). The Magpies will be desperate to upset the history books today.
Forest with the opportunity to apply the pressure after Schar concedes a corner. Can the visitors capitalise and potentially break through at St James' Park?
Sarcastic cheers ring around the stadium as Forest's corner is only cleared as far as Aina, who sends his first-time volley high into the stands from just outside the box.
End-to-end stuff at St James' Park. After Trippier intercepts Gibbs-White's attempted throughball for Elanga, Newcastle counter with Miley leading the charge. Gordon's subsequent cross is turned behind for a corner, and the home fans look to rally their side.
PENALTY TO NEWCASTLE? Miley threads a clever throughball into Isak, who goes down under a challenge from Aina. The referee takes a second to quickly assess the situation before pointing to the spot. VAR want a look, though...
PENALTY GIVEN! Following a lengthy delay, the referee initially sticks with his initial decision and Newcastle have a penalty. Guimaraes hands the ball to Isak, who scored twice against Forest at the City Ground last season.
ISAK!!! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! Cool as you like from the Swede! The man who was fouled for the penalty to be awarded, Isak steps up and very calmly rolls the ball past the flat-footed Turner.
Forest look to respond immediately and Elanga gets the better of Burn with his pace down the right side. The ball ricochets dangerously across the area, but Dubravka gathers.
Sangare is shown the first yellow card of the game for a rash challenge on Isak. He will miss Forest's next game against Manchester United through suspension.
GOOD BLOCK! Miley leads Newcastle charge again with a lovely jinking run on the edge of the box. He finds Gordon in space, but the winger's first-time shot is well-blocked by Montiel.
Gordon goes into the book after he catches Elanga late while tracking back.
Montiel waves an imaginary card in the direction of the referee following Gordon's challenge. The full-back is subsequently shown one for his troubles.
CHANCE! Forest threaten as they send a long throw into the box from the left touchline. Elanga helps the ball towards goal, but just the wrong side of the left post.
The Reds have lost each of their last seven away league games against Newcastle. You must go back to a 1-0 victory under Brian Clough in October 1988 for their last such success.
Why didn't he square it?! The pacy Elanga gets in behind the Newcastle defence. Wood is available for the square ball across the six-yard box, but the winger goes himself and Dubravka holds his shot. His team-mate, who was certainly in the better position, is far from impressed and boots the post in disgust.
Isak demonstrates wonderful pace to get away from Aina down the right. His attempt at a dinked cross is looping dangerously towards goal, and Turner is forced to tip it over.
Newcastle threaten from a corner and try to scramble the ball towards goal. But a series of blocks from the stubborn Forest defence eventually snuff out the danger.
Forest are winless in all 24 away games in which they have conceded since returning to the Premier League. Can they buck the trend here?
Guimaraes goes to ground under a challenge from Danilo in the box. However, contact was certainly minimal and the referee is not interested in pointing to the spot.
Forest look for the equaliser and Gibbs-White manages to get a shot away from inside the area. But Dubravka is equal to it.
Almiron embarks on a strong run into the heart of the Forest defence. The Paraguay international gets his shot away, but it is not the best and goes high into the stands.
We are going to play an additional three minutes at the end of this first half.
WOOD!!! 1-1! Forest are level! And it is a devastating counter by the visitors. Gibbs-White leads the charge before feeding Elanga. This time, the latter shows wonderful presence of mind to square the ball across the six-yard box, where an unmarked Wood can tap into the empty net.
Elanga did brilliantly under pressure to put the ball on a plate for Wood to equalise.
There was no celebration from Wood, who finds the net against one of his former clubs. Indeed, the striker was Howe's second signing at Newcastle and spent a year at St James' Park, before making the switch to the City Ground.
GOOD SAVE! Newcastle look to regain the lead before the break. Almiron's cross is met by Isak, but Turner produces a brilliant reflex save to keep out his header. Forest swiftly counter and Hudson-Odoi cuts inside from the left before shooting, but his tame effort is easily gathered by Dubravka.
HALF-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 1-1 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
Honours are even following an exciting first half at St James' Park. Newcastle took the lead in the 23rd minute when Isak stroked home from the penalty spot after he was fouled by Aina in the box. But Forest did not lie down and equalised in stoppage time through a former Magpies striker, as Wood rounded off a swift counter by slotting into the empty net.
Newcastle enjoyed 61.5 per cent of the possession during the first half. However, Forest had more shots on target with eight to their opponents' seven. Neutrals will be hoping for an equally entertaining second half.
The referee blows his whistle and Forest get the ball rolling again in the second half.
CHANCE! The visitors go straight onto the attack and should be in front. Elanga's ball into the box is met by Gibbs-White, but he can only direct his header wide of the left post.
WHAT A BLOCK! Forest threaten again and Aina just about keeps the ball in play to send it across the box. The ball ricochets kindly for Danilo, but Burn is there to make an important block for Newcastle.
CHANCE! The visitors have another opportunity as Gibbs-White does well in the box to feed the ball into the advancing Elanga. But the latter sends his shot straight at Dubravka.
WOOD!!! 2-1 FOREST! The visitors complete the turnaround and, once again, the former Newcastle striker comes back to haunt his old club. Forest counter with Elanga leading the charge before finding Wood with a precise throughball. The forward brilliantly turns Burn inside out, before lifting the ball over Dubravka with a delightful finish.
The two players who combined for Forest's first goal do so again. Elanga set the visitors moving on the counter before brilliantly finding Wood.
Newcastle turn straight to the bench as Howe makes a double substitution. The first of these sees Wilson introduced in place of Almiron.
Livramento also comes on at left-back for Burn, who has endured a torrid day against Elanga.
The hosts look to respond and Guimaraes embarks on a jinking run before finding Trippier. The skipper sends in a cross from the right, but Turner punches clear.
WOOD!!! HAT-TRICK HERO! 3-1 FOREST! The visitors are in dreamland! The Newcastle defence switches off and Wood times his run brilliantly to latch onto Murillo's long ball. The former Magpies striker then demonstrates wonderful composure to jink around Dubravka before slotting into the empty net.
Murillo looks delighted at providing the assist, with the defender's long ball completely catching Newcastle off guard and releasing Wood on goal.
The Newcastle fans have been stunned into silence by the events of the second half. This has been brilliant from Forest.
As things stand - and most importantly for Forest - they will move five points clear of the relegation zone should this scoreline remain at St James' Park.
What a tackle! Newcastle seek a route back into the game with a swift counter. The ball is played across towards Guimaraes, but a perfectly timed sliding challenge by Danilo denies the hosts.
End-to-end stuff again! After denying Elanga a clear sight on goal, Newcastle counter and Isak embarks on a jinking run into the heart of the Forest defence. His eventual shot is deflected behind for a corner.
JUST WIDE! The hosts continue to ask questions of the Forest defence. Miley gets a shot away inside the box, but drags his attempt just wide of the left post.
Forest make a double change. The first sees Montiel make way to be replaced by Williams at right-back.
Sangare is also given a breather by the visitors. Yates goes on in his place.
Newcastle also turn to the bench and introduce Joelinton for the final 20 minutes. Longstaff is the player to make way.
Good save! Forest survive again as Isak is found at the far post, but Turner does well to block his shot. Gordon is then thwarted on the line by the well-placed Niakhate.
There was a VAR check for handball against Niakhate. The ball did appear to strike the Forest defender on the hand, but he could not do much about it from such close range. No penalty is given.
We are into the final quarter of an hour of this pulsating game at St James' Park, where Forest have come from behind to lead 3-1. Can the visitors see this out, or will Newcastle hit back?
Despite their commanding position in this game, Forest will still be wary. After all, they have dropped eight points from winning positions away from home in the Premier League this season.
Newcastle make a change with Hall coming on to replace Botman at the back.
There is also activity on the Forest bench with Dominguez introduced in place of Hudson-Odoi.
Are Newcastle set for more Boxing Day misery? If this scoreline remains, it would be their record-extending 47th league defeat on December 26.
Williams prevents Isak from taking a quick throw-in for Newcastle. The Wales international goes into the book for his troubles.
Guimaraes' frustration is evident. The Brazilian kicks out at Yates, who had stripped him of the ball, and is yellow-carded.
Forest have the ball and they neatly maintain possession as the clock ticks down at St James' Park. Given their struggles on the road since returning to the Premier League, this is a hugely welcome upturn in fortunes.
Dragging back Gibbs-White as the Forest midfielder looked to latch onto a loose ball, Schar is shown a yellow card for doing so.
The lively Elanga, who has set up two of Wood's three goals, is given a well-earned rest. He is replaced by Worrall.
Danilo is also given a breather with Kouyate replacing him for the dying moments.
We are into the second of six additional minutes at the end of this game. Can Newcastle launch a late rally?
Following a decent spell of pressure, Isak gets a shot away for Newcastle, but it is straight at Turner. The hosts continue to threaten, but their momentum stalls as an overhit cross goes behind for a goal-kick.
Good defending by Worrall. Newcastle continue to press in search of a second goal. A diagonal ball into the box is volleyed across the six-yard area by Livramento looking for Wilson. But Worrall reacts well to get to the ball first and head it to safety.
FULL-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 1-3 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
Nuno Espirito Santo earns his first victory in charge of Nottingham Forest, while snapping their seven-game winless streak in emphatic fashion at St James' Park. Former Newcastle United striker Chris Wood came back to haunt his old side, cancelling out Alexander Isak's first-half penalty with a sublime hat-trick to move the Reds five points clear of the Premier League's relegation zone. As for Newcastle, that is now six defeats in seven matches and boos rung around the stadium on the final whistle. Forest will look to build on their momentum when they host Manchester United on December 30, while the Magpies seek a response when they travel to Liverpool two days later. That's all for today. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League Boxing Day fixture, as Sheffield United host fellow bottom-three strugglers Luton Town at Bramall Lane.
Having won just 9 points from their 18 games so far, Sheffield United are propping up the table from 20th and sit a hefty seven points behind Everton in 17th. Returning manager Chris Wilder won his first game back in charge of the Blades, but was denied a second victory in three by Nicolo Zaniolo's 97th-minute equaliser for Aston Villa four days ago.
18th-placed Luton are still four points from safety and have won just once in four games, but that victory was a hugely deserved one over Newcastle last time out. The Hatters were impressive throughout that 1-0 win at Kenilworth Road, and having pushed both Arsenal and Manchester City all the way in recent weeks, Rob Edwards’ side will certainly fancy their chances against a side two places and three points below them in the table.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (4-1-4-1): Wes Foderingham; George Baldock, Anel Ahmedhodzic, Auston Trusty, Jack Robinson; Vinicius Souza; James McAtee, Gustavo Hamer, Andre Brooks, Cameron Archer; Oliver McBurnie.
SHEFFIELD UNITED SUBS: Adam Davies, Max Lowe, Rhian Brewster, Oliver Norwood, Ben Osborn, Anis Ben Slimane, William Osula, Rhys Norrington-Davies, Femi Seriki.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-2-1): Thomas Kaminski; Teden Mengi, Gabriel Osho, Amari’i Bell; Ryan Giles, Albert Sambi Lokonga, Ross Barkley, Alfie Doughty; Andros Townsend, Jacob Brown; Elijah Adebayo.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: James Shea, Tim Krul, Mads Andersen, Chiedozie Ogbene, Luke Berry, Carlton Morris, Cauley Woodrow, Tahith Chong, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu.
The Blades came within seconds of a crucial victory at Villa Park, and Chris Wilder makes four changes to his XI looking to continue the momentum with some fresh legs. James McAtee and Gustavo Hamer both come into midfield, Oli McBurnie leads the line up front, and Anel Ahmedhodzic wears the captain’s armband from centre-back. Cameron Archer, whose goal looked to have wrapped up the points against his former club, starts from the left flank, looking to support McBurnie in attack alongside McAtee.
Ryan Giles replaced Issa Kabore out wide for Luton against Newcastle, and with the Burkinabe wing-back absent from the squad altogether, starts in his place in the visitors' only change. He and fellow wideman Alfie Doughty were crucial to the Hatters seeing out the points last time out, with the pair set to provide Jacob Brown, Elijah Adebayo and goal-scorer Andros Townsend with plenty of ammunition in the final third.
The teams head out onto the pitch at Bramall Lane, and we'll be underway at this famous old ground in just a matter of moments!
Lokonga will kick off for the Hatters, and we are up and running on Boxing Day in South Yorkshire!
Sheffield United have lost just one of their last seven league games against Luton, though that defeat did come at Bramall Lane in the two sides' most recent meeting in March of last season.
Townsend switches the play wide to Doughty, who beats his man before crossing from the right. Ahmedhodzic gets across at the far post to glance the ball away from danger, but comes off second-best in the process.
Luton break at speed after cutting out a chance and Doughty sets off on the counter-attack. He looks to whip in another cross from the right, but Brooks slides in to put the ball behind for the game's first corner.
Luton beat Sheffield United 1-0 away from home in the Championship last season, but have never won back-to-back league visits to Bramall Lane before.
Giles plays the ball forward to Adebayo in the box who tries to take on the defence, but finds himself crowded out and Baldock's intervention gives the Blades a goal-kick.
Forward come Sheffield United as Hamer passes inside to Archer on the edge of the box. He tees up Vinicius to shoot first-time, but the Brazilian's 25-yard effort is easily blocked by Osho.
BLOCKED!!! Hamer dribbles into the area and opens up his body to shoot goalwards, but Osho gets in the way and deflects his strike behind for a Sheffield United corner!
McBurnie rises at the far post and heads towards goal, but the ball hits him via a deflection, looping up and over the bar before landing on top of Kaminski's net!
Adebayo gets the run on Ahmedhodzic after winning the battle for a loose ball, but he's tugged back and tripped by the Sheffield United captain, who is booked as the referee blows for a free-kick.
Doughty's free-kick is met by a weak punch from Foderingham that does little to clear the danger, but Barkley can't make anything of his follow-up shot and the ball is thumped away.
CHANCE!!! Adebayo races onto the ball from Brown's flick-on into the box, but Foderingham closes the gap quickly and forces the striker too wide to keep it in the field of play!
GOOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Luton lead at Bramall Lane!!! After scrappily clearing the ball away from their own end, the Hatters finally bring it down on halfway and Lokonga passes wide to Doughty. The wing-back then sets off on a remarkable run into the box, beating Robinson around the outside before smashing a low shot that goes through the legs of Foderingham and into the back of the net!!! 1-0 to the Hatters, and it comes from a player who is just getting better and better with every passing week!
Lokonga's pass gave Doughty the space he needed to carve out that chance, and the wing-back certainly did that with a sensational run and finish!
The Blades look to respond immediately as Baldock hurls a long throw into the Luton box, and after it's initially cleared, Archer's cross back into the middle is headed behind by Mengi for a corner.
This is only the second time that Luton have taken the lead in a Premier League game away from home, also doing so in September at Everton. It's also the earliest the Hatters have found the net so far this season.
SAVED!!! Townsend bursts past Trusty and hangs up a cross towards the far post, but the target Adebayo can't get enough power behind his header and Foderingham makes the save!
Osho slides in to divert McBurnie's dangerous cut-back behind for a corner, but the hosts can't make anything of their set-piece as the delivery is headed clear at the front post.
Barkley can't pick out a shot or cross from the left byline, so cuts the ball back to Lokonga on the edge of the box. He lets fly from 20 yards, but Robinson gets in the way to block.
Luton have won 11 of their last 14 away league games against sides from Yorkshire, keeping a clean sheet in nine of those victories. However, as a top-flight side, they’ve not won in Yorkshire since November 1987 (2-0 v Sheffield Wednesday).
SAVED!!! Osho's foul on McBurnie gifts the hosts a free-kick right on the edge of Luton's box, and Hamer's curling strike from the dead-ball situation is heading for the far corner until Kaminski dives across to tip it just wide of the upright!
WIDE!!! Brooks does well to win possession and bring the ball down just outside Luton's box, and lets fly with a low half-volley which he drags just wide of the far post!
WIDE!!! The Blades go close once more!! McAtee rides one challenge down the right before cutting inside and shooting with his left foot, unleashing a curling effort that has Kaminski sprawling before whistling just inches beyond the upright!
Sheffield United’s last Boxing Day victory in the top-flight came against Luton Town in 1990, a 1-0 win at Kenilworth Road. Since then they’re winless in six such matches, losing four and failing to score on five occasions.
Robinson's long throw into the box is cleared by Luton, but Hamer recovers possession on the edge of the box. He picks his spot and shoots from just inside the area, but it's an easy enough effort for Bell to block.
BLOCKED!!! Luton come forward at speed as Adebayo finds Doughty wide to his right. The goalscorer cuts inside looking for a second goal, but Brooks blocks his shot behind for a corner!
WIDE!!! Barkley meets Doughty's delivery from the corner, but can only send his glancing header whistling past the near post!
Luton keep the ball brilliantly as they look to engineer a chance in the final third. Lokonga is too quick for Hamer, releasing a pass before being clattered late by the Sheffield United midfielder, who is promptly shown a yellow card.
Townsend strikes the Hatters' free-kick, but sends his effort straight into the Sheffield United wall. Barkley's onto the rebound and goes for goal first-time, however his attempt also fails to convince and it's a comfortable save for Foderingham!
After Giles makes a vital clearance to send the ball put for a throw, Robinson launches another into the box. McBurnie gets the flick-on, but Bell is there to hoof the ball away at the far post!
WIDE!!! A second successive Robinson throw-in is nodded clear, but only as far as Brooks on the edge of the box. He lets fly with a fizzing effort towards goal, but it takes a nick and bounces just wide of the far post for a Sheffield United corner!
We're into one additional minute of added time as an end-to-end first 45 draws to a close in south Yorkshire.
Trusty gets on the end of Hamer's delivery from the corner, but his near-post header is put well over the top!
HALF-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-1 LUTON TOWN.
It's advantage Luton at the halfway stage, scoring an early opener and doing their upmost to retain their lead for the second game running! The Hatters started brightly and took the lead in superb style after half-chances at each end. Doughty's mazy run from the right flank was sublime in itself, but his low finish that squeezed beneath Foderingham and into the net was even better. Luton could have extended their advantage, with Adebayo and Barkley missing close-range headers and Doughty having another effort blocked, but the visitors had to withstand a late onslaught from Sheffield United at the other end. Kaminski saved brilliantly from Hamer's free-kick, with McAtee and Brooks (twice) firing wide from the edge of the box as the hosts pushed for an equaliser. Luton have withstood the challenge so far though, and are on course to close the gap on Everton above them to just one point.
Barkley has once again been running the show for Luton in midfield, having three attempts on goal and completing seven final-third passes in that first half. He's created one big chance from those passes, won eight of his 12 duels including three dribbles, and has turned possession over on four occasions so far. Engine.
Max Lowe will come on for hosts as we gear up for the start of the second half, replacing Brooks in a change that will likely see Hamer and Archer occupy more central roles in Sheffield United's midfield and attack.
McAtee gets the game back underway for the Blades, as the second half begins at Bramall Lane!
Sheffield United have failed to score a first-half goal in 16 of their 19 games so far this season, the most of any side in the Premier League.
CHANCE!!! Baldock's teasing cross is whipped right into the middle with options arriving in the six-yard box, but Luton defender Mengi volleys it just over the top of his own crossbar for a corner in a real hearts-in-mouths moment for the Hatters!
Mengi's long ball forward is brought down well by Adebayo, but he's crowded out after cutting inside to shoot and can't make anything of his chance in the box!
BLOCKED!! Archer's cut-back is met by Lowe arriving in the box, but Lokonga gets in the way of the substitute's first-time shot and makes a timely block!
Brown skips past a challenge before crossing into the six-yard box, but his final ball is far too close to Foderingham at his near post and the Sheffield United 'keeper duly collects.
Only Arsenal, Everton, and Newcastle (all 14) have had more different Premier League goalscorers this season than Luton's 12.
Hamer is teed up on the edge of the area with Luton holding their defensive shape well, however the Dutchman snatches at his shot and sends a poor effort looping well over the crossbar.
Baldock cuts inside from the right and links up with McAtee ahead of him, but Brown's attempted clearance from the return ball ricochets off the Blades' right-back and into the gloves of Kaminski.
SAVED!!! Townsend cuts onto his right foot and pulls the trigger from 20 yards, but the curling finish is made to look ordinary by Foderingham's comfortable save!
OVER!!! A poor pass from Vinicius is cut out by Townsend and the winger sets off on a forward run to the edge of Sheffield United's box, standing up the defence before sending a well-struck effort beyond Foderingham's reach and over the crossbar!
GOOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! The hosts are level!!! Archer chests down a high ball for McAtee and the midfielder surges forward into Luton's box. Lokonga and Bell both slide in to dispossess the Manchester City loanee and knock him off-balance, but McAtee is still able to get the ball to McBurnie and the striker rifles it into the bottom corner!!! 1-1 in the scrappiest of fashions at Bramall Lane, but the Blades won't care one jot!
McAtee's run there left Luton sprawling, as was shown in the desperation of Bell's challenge, and his awareness to find McBurnie while on the ground allowed the Scotland striker to finish off a bizarre equaliser for the Blades!
There have been 10 previous Boxing Day games between promoted sides in English top-flight history, with the home side remaining unbeaten in all 10. The most recent such clash was a 1-0 win for Aston Villa against Norwich City in 2019-20, and Sheffield United will be confident that they can build on that equaliser to complete a second-half comeback in this one.
Nine of McBurnie's 10 Premier League goals have come at Bramall Lane. Among players with 10+ goals in the competition, only Neal Ardley (92 per cent, 11 of 12 at Selhurst Park) has scored a higher proportion at a single stadium.
Bell advances into the final third to link up with Giles on the left wing, but his cross to the far post is plucked out of the sky by Foderingham.
GOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!! The Blades have turned it around here!!! McBurnie keeps a cleared Baldock cross alive with a brilliant cut-back from the byline, and after neither McAtee nor Archer can turn it goalwards from close range, the captain Ahmedhodzic arrives in the box to side-foot the ball into the far corner!!! An unbelievable last 10 minutes have seen Sheffield United go from 1-0 down to 2-1 up, and Bramall Lane is absolutely rocking!
The second of two scrappy goals in quick succession warrants a VAR check for a possible foul, but there's nothing doing in that regard and so Ahmedhodzic's strike will stand!
Having seen their 1-0 lead evaporate in the last few minutes, Luton make a double change in the final third, with Carlton Morris on to lead the line in place of Adebayo.
Luton also throw on Chiedozie Ogbene in a bid to get back into this game, with the Irish international replacing Giles out wide.
Meanwhile, Anis Ben Slimane comes on for Sheffield United, replacing the booked Hamer in the heart of their midfield.
McBurnie's causing more problems as he holds up a throw-in before playing Lowe in behind the defence, but Osho gets across in cover to make the clearance and prevent a corner being conceded.
GOOOOAAAALLL!!!! We're level once more thanks to an unfortunate own goal!!! A Luton free-kick comes to nothing but is soon crossed back into the area by Morris, and Robinson climbs high looking to glance it away from danger but the ball hits the back of his head, deceiving Foderingham and nestling in the bottom-left corner!!! 2-2 with just over 10 minutes to go, and this game is showing absolutely no signs of slowing down!
Baldock is booked amidst the chaos of that own-goal, with the referee not happy with something said to him by the Blades' right back.
Luton bring off their goalscorer Doughty after getting back on level terms, with Mads Andersen introduced both in an effort to keep things tight at the back, and provide options for set-pieces in the final third.
Robinson's frustration continues as he throws Ogbene to the ground while contesting a loose ball with the Luton substitute, and he's shown a deserved yellow card for that rash challenge.
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Another own goal puts Luton back in front!!! This mind-boggling game takes yet another twist, as Bell's throw-in is collected by Morris. He beats his marker and cuts the ball back into the middle, but it takes a wicked deflection off Ben Slimane and loops beyond both Foderingham and Lowe to find the top corner!! 3-2 to the Hatters in the strangest circumstances yet, and with just under 10 minutes to go, how much more madness can possibly occur before the full-time whistle goes here?
Sheffield United have scored two own goals in a single Premier League game for the very first time, and have now conceded 16 overall in the final 15 minutes of their games so far this season!
Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu's on for Luton, and he's replace Andros Townsend as Rob Edwards tries to keep hold of his side's slender lead.
The Blades make a triple change in a bid to throw the dice and rescue this game, with Oliver Norwood replacing Vinicius at the base of their midfield.
Archer's also brought off despite scoring in the latter stages last time out, and William Osula enters proceedings in the final third for the Blades.
Robinson's had a last few minutes to forget, to say the least, and Rhian Brewster replaces him with Chris Wilder going all-out-attack for the final throws of this pulsating contest.
SAVED!!!! Ben Slimane and Osula combine in the box with a variety of headers, and the latter unleashes a wild overhead kick from a tight angle which Kaminski does well to get down to and tip wide of his near post!
Luton have won three of their last five league games on Boxing Day, having been winless in seven such matches before this. Can they hold on to make it four in six?
EIGHT added minutes to play at Bramall Lane, and from what we've seen so far in this wild second half, hold on to your hats for whatever madness is set to unfold!
OVER!!! The Blades work the ball from left to right and McAtee finds Baldock on an underlapping run. He cuts it back to Ben Slimane arriving in the box, but his first-time finish is sent looping inches over the bar!
A rather harsh corner goes against Mengi despite him not appearing to have touched the ball, but the defender's there at the near post to head Norwood's delivery well away from danger.
Norwood catches Mpanzu very late indeed with a poor challenge, and it's one that earns the veteran Blades midfielder a yellow card.
A half-cleared Lowe cross falls for Ahmedhodzic 20 yards from goal, but the defender can't repeat his heroics from earlier on as his volley is easily blocked by the Luton defence.
There's plenty being discussed on the touchline between Morris, Luton boss Rob Edwards and referee Sam Allison, but the issue is eventually dealt with and we're back underway - you'd imagine that'll be a few extra seconds added onto the end of the eight minutes.
Bell is penalised late on for a body-check on Norwood, and Blades goalkeeper Foderingham comes forward for what could be the hosts' last chance here!
The initial free-kick is cleared by Luton but Norwood gets a second bite of the cherry and crosses back towards the far post. Ben Slimane nods it down for Trusty in the middle, but the USA defender's attempt at a half volley is skewed high and wide of the target as the full-time whistle goes!
FULL-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 2-3 LUTON TOWN.
Well, where on earth to start with that one? Luton win 3-2 amidst anarchy at Bramall Lane, seeing their own lead slip midway through the second half before two own-goals in four minutes gifted them the points at Sheffield United's expense!! The Blades meant business in the second period and finally broke through just after the hour mark, McBurnie lashing home after McAtee kept the ball alive in the Hatters' box. Within eight minutes, the hosts had turned the scoreline on its head, Ahmedhodzic popping up to finish off a similarly scrappy chance after Archer and McAtee failed to convert. Heading into the final 15 minutes with a 2-1 lead, Sheffield United proceeded to implode in spectacular fashion, Robinson accidentally heading into his own net amidst a flurry of substitutions and yellow cards. Play had barely got going again before Morris' cross hit Ben Slimane and somehow found its way into the far corner, re-establishing Luton's advantage and leaving the Blades crestfallen. Late chances for Osula and Ben Slimane both went awry as the hosts desperately chased a deserved equaliser, but Luton held out to claim all three points and secure a second win in a row. A game that was as mad as a hatter ends in favour of the Hatters themselves, leaving Sheffield United's side rooted to the foot of the Premier League table, and taking Luton just one point away from climbing out of the relegation zone.
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League fixture, as Aston Villa face Burnley in both sides’ final matches of the 2023 calendar year.
Villa come into this clash of the clarets sat a lofty third in the table, but Unai Emery’s side have undergone a rocky patch of form over the Christmas period. Three straight wins and a six-game unbeaten run came to respective halts, with a last-gasp 1-1 draw with Sheffield United before a 3-2 loss to Manchester United at Old Trafford last time out.
Second-bottom Burnley are still yet to show any of the form in which they waltzed out of the Championship last season and, already sitting five points behind 17th-placed Everton, risk being cut adrift in the relegation places. However, Vincent Kompany’s Clarets did win their last match on the road at Fulham and drew 1-1 at Brighton prior to that, so there’ll be hope that the Lancashire side can capitalise on Villa’s recent struggles.
ASTON VILLA (4-4-1-1): Emiliano Martinez; Ezri Konsa, Diego Carlos, Clement Lenglet, Alex Moreno; Leon Bailey, John McGinn, Douglas Luiz, Jacob Ramsey; Moussa Diaby; Ollie Watkins.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Filip Marschall, Pau Torres, Calum Chambers, Nicolo Zaniolo, Jhon Duran, Leander Dendoncker, Tim Iroegbunam, Sam Proctor.
BURNLEY (4-4-2): James Trafford; Vitinho, Dara O’Shea, Jordan Beyer, Charlie Taylor; Wilson Odobert, Sander Berge, Josh Brownhill, Johann Gudmundsson; Lyle Foster, Zeki Amdouni.
BURNLEY SUBS: Arijanet Muric, Jay Rodriguez, Connor Roberts, Nathan Redmond, Aaron Ramsey, Mike Tresor, Jacob Bruun Larsen, Hannes Delcroix, Michael Obafemi.
Unai Emery makes two changes from their 3-2 loss to Man Utd, with the injured Lucas Digne replaced at left-back by Alex Moreno. Moussa Diaby also returns to play in behind striker Ollie Watkins, displacing Leander Dendoncker in a midfield reshuffle despite the Belgian scoring Villa’s second in the first half at Old Trafford.
Veteran winger Johann Berg Gudmundsson comes into the midfield as Burnley’s sole change from their home loss to Liverpool on Boxing Day, replacing Mike Tresor on the left. Opposite flanker Wilson Odobert has netted in each of Burnley’s last two away games, and will be looking to provide plenty of support for Zeki Amdouni and Lyle Foster up front.
The teams head out onto the pitch at Villa Park, both looking to end their 2023 campaigns on a high note!
Diaby kicks the game off for the hosts, and we're up and running at Villa Park for the final time in 2023!
Forward come Villa at speed as Bailey dribbles down the right and into the box. His initial cross is blocked by Taylor, and a second attempt goes into the side-netting and behind for a corner.
Bailey's delivery is glanced away from the near post, but falls to Diaby on the other side of the box. He looks to volley goalwards, but gets his effort all wrong and blasts wide of the mark.
O'Shea's long ball down the right is chased hard by Foster as Martinez arrives on the scene, with the stranded Villa goalkeeper getting the vital touch that sends it out for a throw!
Following their 3-1 win at Turf Moor in August, Villa are looking to complete the league double over Burnley for the first time since all the way back in the 1925-26 season. They beat them 10-0 at Villa Park in that campaign!
Bailey cuts inside and hangs up a cross towards the far post with Moreno arriving late, but Gudmundsson's there to nod the ball clear and away from danger.
Villa manager Emery has won all four of his Premier League games against Burnley, with three of those matches finishing 3-1.
Odobert looks to advance into the final third for Burnley, with Foster and Amdouni making wide runs ahead of him, but he's dragged back and tripped by McGinn, winning his side a free-kick on halfway.
SAVED!!! A cross-field ball bounces awkwardly in front of the Burnley defence and is kept alive brilliantly by Moreno, who scoops it over O'Shea and into Watkins' path. The striker meets the pass with a well struck left-footed volley, but it's an easy one for Trafford to keep hold of as he makes the save!
Watkins drops deep to collect a pass as Villa try their best to break down Burnley's rigid defence, but neither he, Ramsey nor Luiz can make pick out that final ball and Burnley come away with possession.
Burnley defender Beyer has gone down in the box and will need to be replaced, with Belgian international Hannes Delcroix summoned from the bench to slot in at centre-back.
Villa win a corner to the right, but Bailey's whipped ball to the far post goes behind off Konsa. He's adamant it touched Brownhill last and says as much to the referee, but oversteps the mark and is shown a yellow card for dissent.
An ambitious back-pass from Gudmundsson is just inches away from being intercepted by Diaby, but Trafford's well out of his box to get there first and clear the danger.
Ramsey and Moreno drill successive crosses into Burnley's box from the left, but both are cleared by the visiting defence with Watkins ever the target man.
CHANCE!!! Douglas Luiz fizzes a Villa free-kick in from the left edge, with Carlos and Lenglet unable to get a touch on the goalbound ball before it's collected by Trafford!
After dealing easily with a Burnley corner, Villa fire the ball forward through Lenglet and Diaby brings it down on the edge of the box. He shrugs off Delcroix but not Taylor, who clatters into the French forward and concedes a free-kick right on the edge of the box which is more than worthy of a yellow card.
The Villa free-kick is eventually taken by Douglas Luiz, but his meek effort is hit straight into the wall, with Bailey's volley on the rebound meeting the same fate!
WIDE!!! Burnley go close! The visitors counter at pace through Foster, whose square ball from the right finds Odobert. He tees up Brownhill on the edge of the area, but the captain's low shot rolls agonisingly wide of the far post with Martinez all-but beaten!
SAVED!!! O'Shea's close-range effort is deflected into the path of Brownhill, who sizes up another shot from 18 yards and sends it straight into the gloves of Martinez!
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! Villa take the lead!!! Watkins chases down a wide pass and cuts inside before passing across the box. It rolls all the way through to Bailey, who sets himself before rifling into the top corner!! Trafford has no chance after a slight deflection off a team-mate in front of him and Villa lead 1-0 after a wave of Burnley pressure!
Watkins' incisive pass really shouldn't have made its way through to Bailey on the right, but the Jamaica forward made no mistake once he had that ball under control!
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! An immediate response from the visitors!! Gudmundsson swings a free-kick in from the left which an unmarked O'Shea climbs highest to get his head to. It's a brilliant flick-on too, and Amdouni closes in at the far post to volley home from close range!!! From 0-0 to 1-1 in a matter of minutes, and we've got a game on our hands here!
That was some effort from O'Shea, climbing high above the hosts defence and pulling off a cushioned header that was easier for Amdouni to score than miss!
CHANCE!!! Konsa threads a delightful throughball in behind the defence which both Diaby and Watkins are after, but so is Trafford and the Burnley keeper races off his line to collect it.
That's O'Shea's third assist of the season – the joint-most of any Burnley player despite being a centre-back!
Amdouni darts down the left and crosses towards Odobert from the byline, but the winger can't dispatch the chance and his glancing header is well off-target.
Villa have now scored 17 first-half goals in their 20 games so far this season, with only Manchester City (19) and Tottenham Hotspur (18) netting more of all Premier League teams.
BALL IN THE NET!!! The offside flag denies Burnley the perfect turnaround!! Amdouni and Foster combine with a pass on halfway, setting the South African free to stroll into the final third and slot coolly past Martinez. He's immediately called offside though, and after a slight delay, the VAR confirms the decision.
Ramsey's powerful shot is blocked behind for a Villa corner by Brownhill, and after an unconvincing Trafford punch the loose ball is hooked away from the near post by Taylor.
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! The Villans are back in front!!! Another ball down the right from Konsa for Watkins, who cuts it back from the byline. Ramsey misses it at the front post, but Diaby doesn't, arriving in the centre of the box to slot into the far corner!!! There's a VAR check for offside against Watkins which takes some time, but it's eventually given and Villa lead 2-1 here!
A second assist for Watkins on his 28th birthday, and the link-up between himself, Bailey and Diaby has been something to behold thus far!
Burnley's Berge is shown a yellow card by the referee, coming back to book the midfielder for an earlier challenge on Ramsey.
The lengthy VAR delay was to check if Watkins was offside from Konsa's ball forward before the Villa striker assisted Diaby, but the England international was eventually cleared and we'll resume play with the hosts back in the lead at 2-1.
That's three assists for the birthday boy Watkins in six Premier League appearances against Burnley, who concede for a league-high 19th time in the first half this season.
Injuries, goals and VAR delays amount to SEVEN added minutes of first-half stoppage time – will the goal rush continue right up to the whistle?
Diaby's far-post cross is brought down by Moreno, but it's via the left-back's hand and he's penalised by the referee.
SAVED!!! Vitinho slots a pass into Foster's path and the striker lets fly with a low shot towards the far corner, which Martinez gets down to and holds at the second time of asking!
McGinn turns away from two and looks to thread a pass in behind for Watkins, but it's overhit and bounces into Trafford's grasp.
Douglas Luiz barges into Berge as the pair contest a high ball, giving Burnley a free-kick in a challenge you'd argue the Brazilian is lucky to avoid a card for.
Foster takes on his opposite number Lenglet as he races down the left, going inside, then outside before winning Burnley a late corner.
HALF-TIME: ASTON VILLA 2-1 BURNLEY.
The hosts lead 2-1 as a fantastic first 45 minutes draw to a close, with Villa kick-starting a wild end to the half! A somewhat ropey and chance-sparse first 25 minutes were soon forgotten when Bailey hammered home a Watkins pass on 28 minutes. Barely 100 seconds later, the visitors drew level, winning a free-kick straight after the restart which O'Shea flicked on for Amdouni to volley in. The offside flag denied Foster's finish to put Burnley 2-1 up, and soon afterwards, Villa would find their second goal, Watkins again involved to tee up Diaby for a cool finish. We've seen three goals already and plenty of other chances for both sides, suggesting that the second half of this game could get even better.
Watkins has been Villa's main attacking outlet on his 28th birthday, and has done a flawless job so far. He's had one shot well saved by Trafford from four touches in the box, as well as completing five final-third passes. Two of those passes had laid on the goals for Bailey and Diaby respectively, with Watkins also proving difficult to dispossess. He's won three of his five duels so far, including two in the air, and will no doubt continue to stretch Burnley's defence as the hosts look to extend their advantage.
Burnley's equalising goalscorer Amdouni gets us back underway at Villa Park, with the visitors keen for a fast start after going behind twice in the first period.
Foster chases another O'Shea ball forward from deep and gets the run on Diego Carlos, but Martinez sprints out of his box to head the bouncing ball away from danger.
CHANCE!!! Foster races in behind the defence to get on the end of Berge's incisive throughball, but after cutting back onto his right foot, the striker hits the deck under minimal pressure from Lenglet and sees his protests waved away by the referee!
SAVED!!! Brownhill's scooped pass is chested down by Amdouni in the box, with the striker letting fly and sending a dipping effort into the gloves of Martinez!
Watkins goes down in the box after contact from Vitinho, but he too isn't convincing the referee and play-on is signalled by the official.
Burnley have been behind at half-time on 11 occasions so far this season and have gone on to lose all 11 of those matches.
Brownhill plays a smart pass wide for Vitinho to cross into the box, but Lenglet slides in to get there ahead of Amdouni and a Villa free-kick alleviates the threat.
CHANCE!!! Konsa and Diaby combine down the right as the forward drills a low cross into the middle, but Trafford gets down well to hold the ball before anyone in claret and blue can turn it goalwards!
Villa are winless in nine when hosting their final league game of a calendar year, losing five such encounters and last winning against Fulham in 2003.
HE'S OFF!!! Burnley's task just got a lot more difficult!!! Berge allows Douglas Luiz to get goal-side of him after collecting a throw-in from Taylor, and drags the Brazilian back by his shirt. There's not much contact, but certainly enough to impede the Villa midfielder, and the Norwegian is swiftly met with a second yellow card that leaves Burnley a man down for the rest of this game!
Aston Villa’s 15-game winning home run came to an end against Sheffield United last time out, but they’ve still won 16 games and earned 50 points at Villa Park in 2023. That's their most at home in a single calendar year in league competition since 1983 (18 wins, 57 points).
Burnley, needing to bolster their midfield following Berge's red card, make their second enforced change of the match as Amdouni is withdrawn for Aaron Ramsey. His elder brother Jacob is in the starting side for Villa!
CHANCE!!! Foster and Diego Carlos compete for a long ball down the right channel, with the Burnley striker eventually winning the race and stabbing the ball just wide of the target!!! He's appealing for a handball against the Brazilian though, and replays suggest he's well within his rights to do so! However, no punishment follows for the Villa centre-back.
Diego Carlos could well be a lucky, lucky man to have avoided further scrutiny for that apparent handball, but it's his centre-back partner Lenglet who does leave the field, replaced in Villa's back four by Pau Torres.
SAVED!!! Moreno does well to keep the ball alive on the byline and finds Jacob Ramsey ahead of him. His cut-back is met on the edge of the box by McGinn, whose first-time shot is well saved by the unsighted Trafford!
SAVED AGAIN!!! Burnley can't clear the ball far enough and Bailey clips it back into the box for Diaby to run onto. The Frenchman cuts inside and side-foots towards the far corner, but Trafford is there to make another last-ditch parry before Douglas Luiz curls the rebound wide!
OVER!!! Konsa escapes the defence and latches onto Bailey's throughball, cutting it back for Jacob Ramsey who arrives early and blazes over the top!
Neither McGinn nor Watkins can make anything out of a bouncing ball in Burnley's box, but Jacob Ramsey's on hand to pick up the scraps and win the hosts another corner.
Jacob Ramsey's cross from the byline is helped on by Watkins into the path of Diaby, who takes a touch to set himself before firing high and wide of the near post!
OVER!!! How has he missed from there?? Watkins collects a square ball from Jacob Ramsey but slips over before he can turn and shoot. He still manages to get it away for Diaby, but again the first-half goalscorer can only blaze over from close range!
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!! The 10 men of Burnley have equalised!!! Trafford's goal-kick is nodded on by Gudmundsson, and Foster speeds onto the loose ball, getting away from the Villa defence and finishing expertly with a low shot in at the near post!! Vila go close at one end, and Burnley make them pay at the other, locking us up at 2-2 with 20 minutes left on the clock!
Gudmunds­son's header on for Foster didn't look like it would carve out a chance, but the pace and positioning of the South Africa striker created something from nothing to level the scores!
As with his disallowed goal in the first half, VAR did want a look at Foster's starting position from that flick-on, but he made no mistake this time and it will stand!
Odobert's been unable to make it three goals in three straight away games for Burnley, but having seen his side equalise despite being down to 10 men, Vincent Kompany wisely brings on fresh legs in the form of Mike Tresor.
Gudmunds­son's header to set up Foster will be his last contribution of the game, as Connor Roberts replaces him out wide with just over 15 minutes to go here.
Denied a goal in the first half, Foster does get Burnley's second of the match eventually, netting his fourth of the season – the most of any player in the EFL Championship winners' squad.
OVER!!! Moreno takes on his marker and crosses for Watkins in the middle, but the Villa striker can't keep his header down and sends the ball looping over the bar!
BLOCKED!!! A free-kick on the left is taken short by Villa and Diaby pulls the ball back to McGinn on the edge of the box, but his first-time effort doesn't make its way through the crowded box and is deflected away!
SAVED!!! Jacob Ramsey finds Douglas Luiz in support and the Brazilian tries his luck from range, but his 25-yard shot is an easy one for Trafford to save and hold at his near post!
Diaby's been somewhat profligate in front of goal in this second half, and comes off now for Jhon Duran to potentially provide a late impact for the Villans.
The captains come together as McGinn catches a stray elbow from Brownhill while competing for a high ball. Play is halted for the Scot to receive treatment, but he's soon back to his feet.
PENALTY!!! This could be huge for Aston Villa!!! Bailey burns Taylor around the outside and looks for Duran in the box. The cut-back is intercepted by Aaron Ramsey, but he clips the Colombian when looking to launch a clearance and the referee points to the spot!! An instant impact from the substitute, but it's a nightmare for young Ramsey against his former club!
There's some pushing and shoving in the box between Roberts and Villa's Jacob Ramsey, and the latter is shown a yellow card as Douglas Luiz prepares to step up.
GOOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Douglas Luiz dispatches the penalty – just – taking a long run-up and seeing his effort bounce off the underside of the bar twice before nestling in the corner!!! Trafford guessed the right way but could do nothing about that, and Villa go 3-2 up with injury time just seconds away!
That's Douglas Luiz's sixth goal of the season, fourth successful penalty in a row, and Villa's 11th goal in the last 15 minutes of their second halves this season. Only Liverpool (15) and Luton (13) have scored more often in this period.
We're into NINE added minutes at Villa Park – hold on to your hats, because there's little to suggest the carnage we've seen so far has any chance of slowing down!
Leander Dendoncker enters the fray late for the Villans, replacing Bailey with a mind to keeping hold of their slender 3-2 lead.
Tresor cuts inside and curls a cross in towards the far post, but no-one in yellow can get near the ball and behind it goes for a goal-kick.
Martinez takes his time (and a bit more too) to take the goal-kick, being met by a yellow card from the referee after he's finally released it!
McGinn leaves a late foot on Brownhill after the Burnley captain has given the ball away, warranting a late, needless yellow card for the Villa skipper.
Delcroix gets forward for Burnley and lines up a cross into the area, but it's deflected on the way and headed into touch by Torres!
The ball breaks kindly for Villa and Watkins races into open pasture on the counter-attack, but he's stopped in his tracks by Vitinho sliding across to scythe the ball away.
FULL-TIME: ASTON VILLA 3-2 BURNLEY.
100 minutes of frantic, fantastic football come to a close, with that last-ditch penalty from Douglas Luiz handing all three points to Aston Villa! Burnley's task went from difficult to near-impossible after Berge was shown a second yellow card just 11 minutes into the second period, leaving the visitors a man down for the remainder of the game. They certainly rallied though, with Foster splitting the defence to race into the box and slot home a fantastic equaliser against the run of play. Villa pressed hard for a third goal throughout the half, testing the 10 men of Burnley and their goalkeeper Trafford with efforts from McGinn, Diaby, Watkins and Luiz, and the latter was the beneficiary when Duran went down in the box, former Villa midfielder Aaron Ramsey the man penalised. Despite twice hitting the bar, Luiz found the back of the net from 12 yards, and that was enough to finally break Burnley's resistance and secure a 3-2 win. Villa's two-game winless run is halted as they end 2023 in second, level on points with Liverpool at the Premier League's summit, while Burnley remain second from bottom, five points from safety and in need of a positive start to 2024.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Crystal Palace and Brentford at Selhurst Park.
Palace are going through a tough run of form in the Premier League and are winless in their last eight outings, with their previous victory coming against Burnley at the start of November. The Eagles looked to be moving in the right direction, drawing back-to-back games against Manchester City and Brighton before their trip to Chelsea. However, Noni Madueke struck a late winner from the penalty spot after Michael Olise cancelled out Mykhailo Mudryk’s opener. The loss against the Blues was their ninth of the campaign, with manager Roy Hodgson coming under increased pressure in his second stint in charge. Palace have dropped to 15th during their poor run and are now only three points ahead of 18th-placed Luton Town in the relegation zone.
Brentford have been a model of consistency since coming into the Premier League for the first time in the 2021-22 season. However, Thomas Frank’s men are having a difficult spell after losing their last four matches. The Bees’ previous defeat was the worst in their run, with Wolves thumping them 4-1 at the Gtech Community Stadium. Mario Lemina opened the scoring for the away side before Hwang Hee-chan doubled their advantage 12 seconds after the hosts restarted play. Yoane Wissa got one back moments later, but a second for Hwang and a goal from Ricner Bellegarde helped Wolves to a comprehensive victory. Brentford have now lost six of their last seven and will be looking to make sure they avoid a battle against relegation. They are just four points above the drop zone and have Tottenham, Manchester City, and Liverpool in their first five Premier League games in 2024.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-3-3): Dean Henderson; Nathaniel Clyne, Joachim Andersen, Marc Guehi, Tyrick Mitchell; Jefferson Lerma, Chris Richards, Eberechi Eze; Michael Olise, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Jordan Ayew.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: James Tomkins, Matheus Franca, Jeffrey Schlupp, Will Hughes, Odsonne Edouard, Naouirou Ahamada, Remi Matthews, Jairo Riedewald, David Ozoh.
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Mark Flekken; Zanka, Nathan Collins, Ethan Pinnock; Mads Roerslev, Mathias Jensen, Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt, Saman Ghoddos; Keane Lewis-Potter, Yoane Wissa.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Neal Maupay, Frank Onyeka, Thomas Strakosha, Mikkel Damsgaard, Myles Peart-Harris, Yehor Yarmoliuk, Michael Olakigbe, Ethan Brierley, Valintino Adedokun.
Hodgson names the same team that started Palace’s 2-1 defeat against Chelsea in their last outing. Edouard leads the Eagles’ scoring charts with six goals in the Premier League and is back on the bench after missing the previous three matches through injury. Many Eagles fans have also been calling for Franca to start, but he is among the substitutes again.
Brentford make two alterations to the side that lost 4-1 to Wolves in their last match. Jensen came off the bench in the Bees’ previous outing after missing five games through an injury but starts today. He replaces Yarmoliuk in the midfield. Frank also decides to add an extra defender to the side, with Zanka coming in for Maupay, who is on the bench.
All five Premier League meetings between Palace and Brentford have been drawn – it’s the only fixture in the competition’s history to see the first five meetings end level. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Palace get this Premier League clash under way. Olise and Eze get the ball rolling.
GOALLLL! LEWIS-POTTER SCORES! 1-0 BRENTFORD! What a start for the Bees! Jensen starts the move with a clever backheel down the right to Roerslev. He sends a curling cross into the middle of the box to Lewis-Potter, who pokes it in from close range. There is a very long VAR check for offside against the visitors' youthful forward, but it will stand.
Roerslev bursts down the right with speed and whips an inviting first-time cross into the middle of the box. He spots the run of Lewis-Potter, who is clinical with the finish.
The VAR check took over three minutes to allow Lewis-Potter's goal, but there is a loud cheer from the away end when the announcement was made that it would stand.
It is a horrible start for Palace. They have won just one of their last nine Premier League London derbies at home (drawing two and losing six), beating West Ham 4-3 in April. Their four goals in that match accounts for 57 per cent of their total scored across these nine games.
Very early frustrations from some of the Palace players. Ayew and Olise give fouls away in Brentford's half in quick succession.
Palace play some quick passes down the left before Mitchell sets it back to Andersen. He goes direct with a ball down the middle, but it is too far away from Mateta and Brentford have it back.
Eze uses some good footwork to shift the ball onto his left foot outside the box before unleashing a shot. His goal-bound effort deflects behind off Pinnock. He then sends the following corner straight into the gloves of Flekken.
Mitchell is used to getting up the pitch to contribute to Palace's attack from left-back, but he will have to be careful today. Roerslev is getting forward whenever possible and already has an assist to his name.
GOALLL! OLISE SCORES! 1-1! Palace are level! Ayew switches the play over to the right towards Olise, who beats Ghoddos before putting a cross into the box. He puts too much on it, but Ayew rescues it and puts the ball back into a dangerous area. Olise darts in at the back post and volleys across Flekken to score.
The unselfish Ayew does brilliantly to retrieve the ball on the left before finding Olise with an excellent cross. The Palace winger gets ahead of his marker and scores with the outside of his boot.
CHANCE! Palance have all the momentum at the moment. Mateta does well in possession before sliding a pass across to Lerma. He takes a touch out of his feet and takes a shot from outside the box, but it goes straight into Flekken's gloves.
SAVE! Brentford almost take the lead for a second time. Jensen finds Roerslev, who gets beyond Mitchell on the right. He sends an inviting cross towards Lewis-Potter, with the Englishman blasting a low effort straight at Henderson, who collects it on the second attempt.
Jensen has been heavily involved on his return to the Brentford side. This time the midfielder gains possession on the right after some good work from Wissa, but his curling cross is poor.
Jensen clips a cross from the right over to Ghoddos, who knocks a header across the box to Norgaard. He tries to get a shot away but cannot make contact with the ball on the stretch.
Eze and Clyne combine on the right with six passes, playing it between each other waiting for an opening. They are then forced back. There is some frustration in the middle of the box as Mateta was ready for a cross.
Olise is trying to make things happen for Palace. He switches the play over to Ayew, who plays a quick one-two with Mitchell on the left. The forward then looks for Mateta with a cross, but the striker can only flick it back to Flekken.
CHANCE! Jensen's corner is cleared away with ease by Olise, but Brentford still have possession. Ghoddos whips a cross onto the head of Collins, who directs his effort across the goal and wide.
There is a lot of energy around Selhurst Park. The Eagles press well, with Olise forcing Collins to slice a clearance straight off the pitch. Collins will be looking to have a better start to this game after making two errors leading to goals against his former side Wolves.
PENALTY SHOUT! Lerma gets onto the end of a cross from the right and heads it down to Ayew. He gets there first, with Zanka making contact with the striker. He goes down, but nothing is given. Zanka is furious with the Palace attacker.
Each of the last three Premier League games between Palace and Brentford have finished 1-1. It is unlikely that this meeting will end the same way, with chances at either end of the pitch.
Eze and Olise combine before the latter lays a pass down the wing to Clyne. The right-back lofts a cross into the box, but Zanka gets there before Ayew and heads it away. The Eagles will be hoping that Mateta will be able to challenge for it in the middle as he was well away from the ball on this occasion.
Mateta holds up a throw-in from Clyne and chips a pass back to Olise on the right. He slows down the play before looking to send a cross into the box, but it deflects off a Brentford defender and straight to Flekken.
Jensen wins a free-kick around the halfway line and takes it quickly, sending a pass down the right to Lewis-Potter, who is quick to react. He then whips a cross in looking for a team-mate, but it is poor and Henderson punches the ball away.
GOALLL! EZE SCORES! 2-1 PALACE! The Eagles come back from behind to lead! Mitchell has possession on the left and sends a pass into Mateta. He cannot control it, but it goes through to Eze, who gets past Pinnock and slides his shot across the goal and into the bottom right corner.
Mitchell gets the assist to his name, but he wasn't even looking for Eze. The ball rolls under the foot of Mateta and goes to Eze, who finishes with composure.
Janelt is down after a tough challenge from Clyne. Palace put the ball off the pitch to allow the Brentford man to have treatment.
Janelt is back on the pitch and will be able to continue. The break allowed both teams to grab some refreshments before the final few minutes of the half. There should be plenty of additional time.
Lewis-Potter appears on the left and lifts a cross over to the right to Roerslev. He gets to the byline and looks to direct a pass back into the middle of the box, but it is poor and Henderson claims.
CLOSE! Brentford almost score a calamitous own goal. Pinnock sends a heavy pass back to Flekken, who rushes across his goal to slide the ball behind. It might have been going wide, but the goalkeeper didn't want to take a chance.
There will be six minutes of additional time.
Ghoddos slips and goes through Olise. He goes into the book and will miss Brentford's next match against Nottingham Forest.
Henderson launches a long ball forward to Eze, who touches it down well inside Brentford's half but slips. The Bees have it back momentarily before Mateta works hard to regain the ball. He has scored against Liverpool and Manchester City this campaign, but his work off the ball is equally appreciated by Eagles fans.
Palace spring a quick counter, with Mateta heading the ball back to Ayew on the halfway line. He sprints forward and could return possession to the striker but looks to play it across to Olise. It looks like has has a simple shooting chance. However, Jensen gets back to make an important interception.
HALF-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 2-1 BRENTFORD
Palace come from behind to lead Brentford 2-1 at half-time. The Bees started quickly and opened the scoring inside two minutes. Jensen found Roerslev with a clever flick on the right, with the 24-year-old sending a first-time cross towards Lewis-Potter. He got ahead of Clyne and crashed his effort into the net. There was a three-minute VAR check for offside, but the goal stood. The Eagles then responded with a goal through Olise. Ayew's inviting cross from the left found the Frenchman, who finished well with the outside of his boot at the far post. Lewis-Potter then drilled a low strike from inside the box straight at Henderson before Palace took the lead. Mitchell had the ball on the left and slid a pass inside to Eze, who got past Pinnock and finished with a clever effort into the bottom right corner.
Palace have the lead at the break despite only creating an xG (expected goals) of 0.55 from their five shots. They have been clinical and have scored from both of their big chances. Olise has been brilliant on the right, but Eze has been the difference-maker. He has 39 touches and has completed all of his 23 passes. As for Brentford, they only had three shots after Lewis-Potter's early opener. The Bees had an opportunity to pile the pressure on a Palace side that is winless in eight outings but couldn't retain their momentum and let control slip away. Wissa needs to get involved more often as he has only had 11 touches.
Brentford get the ball rolling again. They must score to avoid a fifth consecutive loss in the Premier League.
Palace are unbeaten in their last seven Premier League matches when leading at half-time (winning six and drawing one) dating back to August 27 2022 against Manchester City (losing 4-2). They have started well, with Olise getting into the box before having a shot blocked.
Olise has a corner on the left and he curls an inswinging cross into the box. Lerma gets there and flicks his header across the goal and wide. The midfielder got there before Andersen, who was in a better position to get an effort away.
Olise turns in possession on the right and rolls a pass into Eze. He then whips a cross into the middle towards Mateta, but Flekken reads the danger and makes an early run off his line to punch it away.
Mateta uses his physical strength to hold off several Brentford defenders before winning a corner on the left. However, Eze's cross is poor and the attack comes to nothing.
SAVE! Brentford have a chance to equalise. Wissa plays a pass into Lewis-Potter, who tries to get through a crowd of Palace defenders on the edge of the box before getting tackled. The ball rolls back to Norgaard, who strikes a tame effort towards the bottom-right corner. Henderson gets down to make an easy save.
Mateta drifts over to the left to stretch Brentford's defence. He receives a pass from Mitchell before completing a one-two with the left-back, but his low cross is poor and Norgaard clears it away.
Brentford need a goal, but they are being forced to defend. Lewis-Potter and Wissa are on the edge of their own box to help their side. The Eagles switch the ball over to the left, and Ayew attempts to send an inswinging cross into the box with his right foot, but it goes into Flekken's gloves.
GOALLL! OLISE SCORES AGAIN! 3-1 PALACE! Guehi has possession on the left just past the halfway line, and he sends a pass into Olise. He drives inside to get past Collins and rolls a low shot from inside the box into the bottom-left corner.
Guehi is not put under any pressure by Brentford and is allowed to stroll forward with possession. He spots the run of Olise, who bursts across the edge of the box and finishes into the bottom-left corner.
CHANCE! Brentford look to respond almost immediately after going two goals behind. Ghoddos has the ball on his right foot and looks for the top-right corner with a curling strike from distance, but Henderson pushes it away.
Palace won their final league game in both 2021 (3-0 v Norwich City) and 2022 (2-0 v Bournemouth), having failed to win their last league game in any of the nine previous calendar years (drawing seven and losing two). They look comfortable in this game.
Jensen's first start in six games comes to an end. He is replaced by Maupay, who is jeered by the home fans due to his previous association with rivals Brighton.
Roerslev got an assist to his name inside two minutes and was causing a lot of problems down the right in the first half, but is now coming off. Onyeka takes his place.
Nothing is going right for Brentford at the moment. Flekken is put under pressure by the Palace attack and sends a clearance straight to Clyne. The Eagles burst forward, but the attack ends when Mateta's flick inside the box is intercepted.
Brentford make their third change. It is a straight swap in the midfield with captain Norgaard coming off Damsgaard.
WIDE! Mateta bursts through the middle of the pitch and has options on either side. He finds Olise, who darts inside from the right before curling a left-footed effort well wide of the post from outside the box. Ayew wanted it and is showing his frustrations.
Palace are leading comfortably and will be happy with their performance. However, their corners have been disappointing, with all six coming to nothing. This time Olise's inswinging cross from the right is headed away with ease at the front post.
Brentford have lost eight of their last 13 Premier League away games (winning four and drawing one), including each of the previous three in a row. However, all four of their victories on the road in this run have come in London derbies. They will need a quick comeback if they want anything out of this fixture as they have had just two shots in the second half.
SAVE! Eze has the chance to put the game beyond any doubt. Olise has possession on the right and plays a clever one-two with Mateta in a tight space. He finds Eze with a low cross, but his strike from the middle of the box goes straight at Flekken, who pushes it away.
Zanka goes into the back of Ayew and gives away a free-kick inside Palace's half. He drops to his knees in disbelief that a foul has been given against him. A slight overreaction from the Brentford defender.
BAR AND OVER! Brentford go close to halving the deficit. Maupay is allowed to have a shot from the edge of the box, with the striker unleashing a powerful effort that rebounds off the bar. The Bees keep the attack alive through Janelt, who curls a perfect cross into the middle, but Wissa shoots over from close range. He got ahead of his marker but couldn't keep his attempt on target.
Palace are two goals ahead but haven't made a change. Hodgson is looking to end the Eagles' eight-game winless run and has decided to trust the players on the pitch to lead them to victory.
Brentford make their final two changes. The first is a straight swap in the midfield, with Yarmoliuk coming in for Janelt.
Lewis-Potter scored inside two minutes but is now coming off after a quiet half in the attack. Olakigbe is given the chance to make an impression.
CHANCE! Brentford have several corners in quick succession. The Bees' best opportunity comes to Wissa, who runs free at the far post after a cross from the right, but he misreads the direction of the ball, and it goes over his head.
Yarmoliuk receives possession on the edge of Palace's box and sends a pass down the left with the outside of his foot. Ghoddos is there and he switches the ball onto his right boot before curling a cross in, but it goes straight to Henderson. It was easy for the goalkeeper as nobody made a run to get onto the end of it.
Palace make two changes to slow down the game. Eze scored their second goal and is now coming off for Hughes.
Palace striker Mateta hasn't had a shot but has been an important figure up front for the Eagles and has held up the ball well. He is now coming off for Franca.
Ayew does brilliantly to rush down the left and win a free-kick off Yarmoliuk, who trips him next to the corner flag. Brentford have had a dominant spell, so the Eagles will take their time with this.
Olise lifts a deep free-kick from the left into the box. It goes through to Andersen, who attacks it well but sends his downward header just wide of the post.
SAVE! Henderson makes another strong stop. Olakigbe has looked lively since coming on. He gets past his marker and blasts a low cross into the box from the right. It hits Clyne and almost loops into the top-left corner, but the goalkeeper claws it away.
There will be four minutes of additional time.
Ayew slowly walks off the pitch after a selfless performance for Palace. He won three fouls and made two key passes. Schlupp is given the last couple of minutes off the bench.
Lerma bursts towards the edge of the box and slides a pass down the right to Olise. He tries to find space to strike for his hat-trick but is forced to the byline. The Palace winger then lashes a low cross into the middle that is cleared behind by Pinnock.
FULL-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 3-1 BRENTFORD
Palace's eight-game winless run in the Premier League ended with a 3-1 victory over Brentford at Selhurst Park. The Bees had won their last four away London derbies and took the lead inside two minutes. Jensen flicked the ball down the right to Roerslev, who curled in an accurate first-time cross. Lewis-Potter was alert in the middle and got ahead of Clyne to crash in his strike from close range. However, they couldn’t build momentum, and the Eagles came from behind in the first half. Olise finished off Ayew’s curling cross from the right with the outside of his boot before Eze gave Hodgson’s men the lead. He got on the end of a pass inside from Mitchell, rolling past Pinnock before finishing into the bottom-right corner. Olise was lively and scored his second after the restart. He rushed inside from the left, beating Collins before slotting his low effort from inside the box into the bottom-left corner. Brentford went close to getting one back, but Maupay crashed the bar with a shot from range. Next up, Palace host Everton in the third round of the FA Cup. As for Brentford, they welcome Wolves. That’s all, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Fulham and Arsenal at Craven Cottage!
Back-to-back 5-0 wins earlier this month took Fulham up the table in some style; however, Marco Silva's side have now lost their last three top-flight matches without scoring, conceding eight goals in the process. As a result, they occupy 14th place on 21 points. Ahead of today's game, the Cottagers have been beaten five times in their last seven Premier League home fixtures against fellow London opposition, failing to score across all five defeats. Following a 2-2 draw with Arsenal in August, they are also still seeking their first league win over the Gunners since January 2012.
Losing 2-0 at home to West Ham last week ended Arsenal's 10-game unbeaten home run and leaves them fourth, two points behind both leaders Liverpool and second-placed Aston Villa; level with reigning champions Manchester City. At the halfway point of their league campaign, Mikel Arteta's men have accrued 10 fewer points than at this stage of last season. The Gunners have, though, won each of their last five Premier League away games against today's hosts, scoring at least three goals in each of the last four.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Tosin Adarabioyo, Calvin Bassey, Antonee Robinson; Joao Palhinha, Tom Cairney; Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Alex Iwobi, Willian; Raul Jimenez.
SUBS: Marek Rodak, Kenny Tete, Sasa Lukic, Issa Diop, Fode Ballo-Toure, Rodrigo Muniz, Harrison Reed, Andreas Pereira, Harry Wilson.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, Gabriel Magalhaes, William Saliba, Jakub Kiwior; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Kai Havertz; Bukayo Saka, Eddie Nketiah, Gabriel Martinelli.
SUBS: Aaron Ramsdale, Cedric Soares, Jorginho, Leandro Trossard, Mohamed Elneny, Reiss Nelson, Gabriel Jesus, Emile Smith Rowe, Takehiro Tomiyasu.
Marco Silva makes three changes to the Fulham XI that started last week's 3-0 loss to Bournemouth: Raul Jimenez returns following suspension, ex-Arsenal winger Willian is back after a hamstring problem, while Tete makes way for Castagne at right-back. Adama Traore and Tim Ream remain sidelined by injury.
Arsenal also opt for a trio of changes: most notably, Gabriel Jesus drops to the bench and Nketiah starts up front. Havertz is recalled after serving a ban, replacing Trossard in midfield. Oleksandr Zinchenko sustained a calf injury against West Ham, so Kiwior fills in at left back. Takehiro Tomiyasu, Thomas Partey, Fabio Vieira and Jurrien Timber are all unavailable.
The players are all out on the pitch, and kick-off in this New Year's Eve contest is now just moments away!
Arsenal kick off, and we are under way at Craven Cottage!
CLOSE! The Gunners almost strike first! After shaking off the attention of Robinson on the right side of Fulham's area, Arsenal skipper Odegaard opens up space to shoot from inside the box. However, his effort is lashed just wide of the left-hand post!
SAKA STRIKES EARLY ON! A move begun by Raya sees Arsenal sweep upfield at speed, and after Martinelli cuts inside from the right and has a shot saved by Leno, the former Gunners goalkeeper watches on as Saka turns the rebound home from close range! That's no more than the visitors deserve for shooting out of the traps so quickly: 1-0 to Arsenal!
That's nine goals Fulham have conceded since last scoring themselves, and Arsenal have been quick to punish them today. The Gunners have a record of 11 wins and two draws when scoring first in the Premier League so far this season - can the Cottagers come back into this one, though?
A typically tigerish tackle by yellow-card magnet Joao Palhinha sees Havertz upended in midfield, but the referee does not merit it worthy of any further attention. Arsenal are trying to retain possession now, keeping Fulham subdued.
Fulham are looking for their first league win over Arsenal for nearly 12 years, having been outscored 29-10 during their winless streak. Today's encounter appears to be going the same way - but there's plenty of time remaining to salvage something from this game.
Fulham have actually had marginally more of the ball than their visitors so far, but they've yet to create any openings in Arsenal's rearguard, which has proven less resilient this season.
SAVE! A first-time finish from Jimenez sends Raya scrambling across to make a sharp save, after Robinson delivers a low cross from the left flank towards his team-mate. That's Fulham's first real chance, but they still trail 1-0.
Castagne reaches the right byline, but his stood-up cross is too high for Willian in the centre, and Arsenal's towering back four comfortably manage to get the ball away from any danger.
JUST WIDE! Fulham are working their way back into this! Two ex-Arsenal players combine, as Iwobi's cross from the right somehow evades several bodies in the box before landing at the feet of Willian. The winger then curls a shot from the left side of the box only a foot or two wide of the right-hand upright!
On the edge of Arsenal's area, Willian and then Iwobi have powerful shots charged down, and the latter ultimately bounces wide for a corner-kick to the Cottagers. The home side are showing some fight now - can they pull themselves level, though?
Play is brought to a halt inside Fulham's half, as Raya sits down on the turf and indicates he needs some medical attention. Both coaches use the chance to pass on some instructions, while the players take on drinks.
It seems that Raya required help to replace a contact lens, so he's fine to continue in goal; Ramsdale's warm-up is called off. The game gets back under way with a drop-ball.
Fulham have failed to win any of their last 23 Premier League matches after conceding first, losing no less than 20 - including all of the last six. That's quite some streak to end today, but they've started to show signs that they can come back into it before the break.
It's all Fulham at the moment, albeit mostly in midfield. From the touchline, Arteta urges his men to push forward a few yards - they're becoming a little too passive for his liking.
FULHAM PULL LEVEL! It's 1-1 at Craven Cottage! Arriving at the back post, Jimenez confirms his worth to Fulham by slotting Cairney's low cross past Raya! On his return from suspension, the Mexican striker bags his fourth goal in as many games! Some excellent work by the Cottagers' captain created the chance, and Jimenez was clinical!
Bursting down the left and delivering a dangerous low ball along the six-yard box, Cairney picks out Jimenez to score Fulham's first goal of the game.
It had been coming: Fulham have attempted the last six shots in this game, as Arsenal's last attempt was taken by Saka in the fifth minute. The Gunners must rouse themselves now, as the tide has totally turned.
After Saka nods back a hanging Martinelli cross deep inside the area, Odegaard can't get a clean shot away, then Nketiah is crowded out by Bassey on the brink of Fulham's six-yard box.
It's fascinatingly poised now, as Arsenal are struggling to find any rhythm and their hosts have grown in confidence throughout this first half. Fulham are stroking the ball around in midfield.
Out on the right flank, Saka teases Robinson and then beats his marker with a quick turn. However, his delivery into the box leaves a lot to be desired, and Fulham comfortably clear the ball away.
Martinelli strikes a half-volley from 20 yards towards the target, but De Cordova-Reid blocks it out; then, Jimenez shepherds the ball out for a goal-kick under the close attention of Saka.
So far, Nketiah's selection has not paid off for Arteta, who took the decision to rest first-choice striker Gabriel Jesus. The former has had very little of the ball to feed on during this first half.
CLOSE! Martinelli just misses out on putting Arsenal back in front! Rice and Odegaard combine on the right side of the box, before the Brazilian winger guides a first-time finish just inches wide of the left-hand post! It was a fine move by the Gunners, but they'll get no reward!
Defining 'ambition', Tosin steps on to a loose ball almost 30 yards out from goal and tries his luck. Perhaps predictably, it trickles weakly wide of the left-hand post by some distance - that was a waste.
In the first of at least four minutes added on for stoppages, Arsenal try to impose some more pressure on their hosts, but to no avail. If anything, Fulham seem to be more potent on the counter.
A rare chance for Nketiah in a promising position ends with the Arsenal striker lashing a low shot wide of the near post from the right-hand side of Fulham's area. Leno had it covered in any case.
Sensing time is running out before the referee's whistle, Rice thumps a 25-yard effort well over the crossbar, drawing delighted cheers from the Fulham fans. It'll be all-square at the break.
HALF-TIME: FULHAM 1-1 ARSENAL
A relatively even first half ends level at Craven Cottage, where Fulham fought back from conceding an early goal to draw level at 1-1 just before the half-hour mark. Arsenal's early momentum was not maintained, and the visitors found it tough to carve out clear chances following Saka's fifth-minute strike from close range. Their hosts, meanwhile, can be content with showing real spirit, having just lost three straight games without scoring, and Jimenez coolly converted Cairney's cross to deservedly restore parity. There's all to play for after the break, when a win for Arsenal would put them top of the Premier League table.
Arsenal may have had 68 per cent possession over the final 15 minutes of the first half, when they started to threaten Fulham a little more often, but their response to conceding has not been totally convincing. Will Arteta act decisively, making some personnel changes? Meanwhile, Marco Silva will surely ask for more of the same from his team, who have improved significantly from their dismal showing at Bournemouth.
Arteta does make a substitution, although perhaps not an expected one: a half-time change at left-back sees Tomiyasu sent on for Kiwior.
Fulham kick off, and we are back under way in London!
Iwobi has a shot charged down from the edge of Arsenal's area, as Fulham push on in search of a second goal. Their confidence has apparently been restored by a good first-half performance, and they look a little more like the side that twice won 5-0 earlier this month.
Willian sends over an outswinging corner-kick from the right, but Tomiyasu heads it clear and sets Arsenal up for a quick counter-attack. Back inside his own box, Castagne has to sprint across to slide in and make an important covering tackle.
Fulham have won their final league game in five of the last eight calendar years, with their only defeat coming against Sheffield United in the Championship two years ago. They beat Southampton 2-1 on New Year’s Eve last season, and there's every chance they can continue that trend today.
Arsenal enjoy a spell of bossing the ball in midfield, as Fulham retreat a little. However, the Gunners can't make much progress, as their well-drilled hosts stand firm.
After De Cordova-Reid sends a raking ball from the right towards Jimenez in the centre, with Arsenal looking very exposed at the back, Saliba steps in with a crucial intervention and snaffles possession away from Fulham's opening goalscorer.
Cairney releases Willian on the right, but the latter's mishit cross is headed behind for another Fulham corner by Tomiyasu. The home side have had all three corner-kicks taken so far today.
FULHAM LEAD! Taking advantage of a period of pinball inside Arsenal's area, De Cordova-Reid pounces from six yards out to poke the ball into the net: the Cottagers go 2-1 up! After Rice fails to clear with a header following Willian's corner, the ball bounces around before landing at De Cordova-Reid's feet - he makes no mistake!
De Cordova-Reid's fourth Premier League goal of the season equals his tally for all of last term - and what an important one it could prove to be! Can ailing Arsenal work their way back into this one? If they want to finish 2023 top of the pile, they must.
Having created a half-chance for himself, Saka shoots over with a rather wild attempt from the right side of the area. Still, there's plenty of time for Arsenal to grab an equaliser.
For felling Saka with a late tackle, around 25 yards from Fulham's goal, Cairney becomes the first player booked by the referee today.
From less than 10 yards outside the box, Odegaard steps up to a good set-piece opportunity but sends his free-kick well over the crossbar - that was not his best effort.
Arteta reacts to his side falling behind by making a couple of changes: first, Martinelli makes way for Trossard.
A potential change of shape is indicated by another striker arriving to support Nketiah: Gabriel Jesus comes on for a full-back, White.
Tosin does well to cut out some danger just by the right side of Fulham's area, opting to send the ball straight into touch rather than take any risks. The hosts have something to hold onto, with just over 20 minutes of the 90 remaining.
SPECTACULAR STOP! Keeping his team in it, Raya flings himself up to the left, tipping away a fierce strike from Cairney! The ball broke to Fulham's captain after Jimenez attempted an ambitious rabona, and it was quite some hit! Great stuff all round!
Marco Silva sends on some fresh legs, as he seeks to preserve his side's slim lead. Iwobi is replaced by Andreas Pereira in midfield.
Arsenal haven't lost a Premier League game in which they scored during the first five minutes since December 2016, versus Man City. They are now just minutes away from suffering such a fate today.
The Gunners' frustration grows, as the rain begins to lash down heavily in London. They simply cannot break down their hosts' stubborn resistance, looking short of ideas in the final third.
Having delayed the re-start of play by walking away from the ball, Bassey is booked for time-wasting.
Another attacking change for Arsenal sees the ineffective Havertz withdrawn and Nelson sent on in his place.
Deep inside his own box, Castagne has to head the ball away from danger after Rice hangs up a dangerous cross from the right. That'll be Arsenal's first corner of the whole game.
Wilson is now introduced by Marco Silva, with potential matchwinner De Cordova-Reid making way.
Diop is also sent on to provide more defensive cover for Fulham. Willian trudges off.
CLOSE! Trossard fires over a threatening cross from the left, but Gabriel can't quite make contact at the back post! That would've been the Brazilian's fourth goal in five games against Fulham - but not quite!
After Joao Palhinha makes a superb tackle to deny Saka at one end, Fulham win a free-kick midway through their visitors' half - and they're understandably in no hurry to take it. The clock ticks down towards the final whistle.
Jimenez picks up a loose ball on the left byline, then his low shot is blocked behind by Gabriel. Fulham can't make anything of the corner-kick, though.
Narrowly avoiding a red card, Saliba instead picks up a booking for clearly hauling back Wilson just outside his own area. There were some covering colleagues, which bailed him out of facing more serious consequences.
OFF THE BAR! Fulham rattle the woodwork! Andreas Pereira takes a short run-up to a 20-yard free-kick, then curls his attempt against the crossbar, with Raya well beaten! That was a real beauty, but Arsenal escape! It stays 2-1 at Craven Cottage!
Five minutes of stoppage time have been indicated by the officials, as Fulham sit back and attempt to preserve maximum points. Saka curls a timid effort straight at Leno from the right - it's certainly not been his day so far.
Having ignored the referee's whistle, Jimenez is shown a late yellow card for time-wasting.
Taking the warm applause of the home fans, Fulham skipper Cairney is replaced by Reed for the final few moments.
Saka sends over a corner from the right, then is presented with a second chance after Fulham head it away. However, Arsenal's attack is ended when Odegaard balloons the ball over the crossbar with a cross towards the back post - that sums it all up for the Gunners.
For delaying the restart from a goal kick, Leno is the latest Fulham player booked for timewasting.
FULL-TIME: FULHAM 2-1 ARSENAL
Rewarded for resilience and making the most of their chances, Fulham end their losing streak and return to winning ways in their final fixture of 2023; meanwhile, back-to-back defeats leave Arsenal sitting fourth in the Premier League table, when victory at Craven Cottage would have put them top at the turn of the year. The Gunners scored early on through Saka and had most of the ball, but their hosts proved more potent in the final third - Jimenez levelled before the break; De Cordova-Reid then netted from close in - and are merited 2-1 winners. While the Cottagers can enjoy the rest of New Year's Eve, Arteta's men must ponder what has gone wrong in a dismal December. Arsenal lose a top-flight match after opening the scoring for the first time since January 2022, and after 48 games without defeat, that run has now ended. They will host Liverpool in the FA Cup third round next week, while Fulham tackle Championship strugglers Rotherham. That's all from today's live coverage, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the first Premier League fixture of 2024 as Liverpool face Newcastle United at Anfield!
Liverpool ended 2023 top of the Premier League table, and they have the chance to start 2024 by pulling three points clear of their title rivals after enjoying a productive festive period! Jurgen Klopp's team have seen Arsenal – who they drew with just before Christmas – lose back-to-back games against West Ham and Fulham, while second-placed Aston Villa also dropped points across the festive season. As a result, the Reds can move three points clear at the summit at Anfield, where they have a fearsome record, only losing one of their last 51 home league games.
Newcastle United, meanwhile, are looking to halt a miserable run of form which has seen them drop to ninth in the table and led to suggestions that boss Eddie Howe could soon come under pressure from the club's ambitious owners. The Magpies have lost four of their last five league games, going down to Luton Town and Nottingham Forest during a miserable festive season, while only Sheffield United (two) have earned fewer away points in the Premier League this campaign than Newcastle (five).
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Alisson Becker; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil van Dijk, Joe Gomez; Dominik Szoboszlai, Wataru Endo, Curtis Jones; Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez, Luis Diaz.
LIVERPOOL SUBS: Alexis Mac Allister, Cody Gakpo, Harvey Elliott, Diogo Jota, Ryan Gravenberch, James McConnell, Caoimhin Kelleher, Jarell Quansah, Conor Bradley.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Martin Dubravka; Tino Livramento, Fabian Schar, Sven Botman, Dan Burn; Lewis Miley, Bruno Guimaraes, Sean Longstaff; Anthony Gordon, Alexander Isak, Joelinton.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Paul Dummett, Jamaal Lascelles, Matt Ritchie, Emil Krafth, Loris Karius, Lewis Hall, Miguel Almiron, Mark Gillespie, Alex Murphy.
Klopp makes four changes to the Liverpool side which won at Turf Moor on Boxing Day, with Konate returning to the heart of the Reds' defence in place of Quansah, while Szoboszlai and Jones come in for Elliott and Gravenberch in midfield. Diaz replaces Gakpo in attack, likely allowing Nunez to start through the middle, while Mac Allister is back among the substitutes after missing six games due to a nasty cut to his knee.
Howe, meanwhile, makes two changes to the side beaten by Forest last time out. Kieran Trippier misses out through injury as Livramento takes his place at right-back, while Joelinton is preferred to out-of-form wideman Almiron. The Magpies' selection problems continue to bite with Callum Wilson ruled out due to a calf issue, joining Nick Pope, Jacob Murphy, Harvey Barnes, Joe Willock, Elliot Anderson and Matt Target in the treatment room.
Liverpool have failed to win their first league game in any of the last three calendar years (one draw, two defeats), going down 3-1 at Brentford in 2023. Will they make a positive start to 2024 as they attempt to pull clear at the summit? The players are out – we're about to find out!
After a typically passionate rendition of You'll Never Walk Alone rings around Anfield, we're under way for the first time in the Premier League this year! Nunez gets the ball rolling for Liverpool.
Liverpool are on the front foot immediately! Salah darts infield from the right to feed Endo, who plays a pass into Szoboszlai inside a crowded penalty area. The Hungarian looks to shoot on his left foot, but it's blocked at close quarters.
CLOSE! Liverpool continue to pen Newcastle back as Diaz crosses from the left side of the box. It takes a deflection and is helped into the air by Burn, but only drops for Alexander-Arnold, who lashes goalward. His left-footed strike takes a ricochet off Botman and drops just wide of the bottom-left corner!
Liverpool fail to make anything of the game's first corner, but they keep the pressure on as Gordon trips Jones just outside the box in a crossing position. Alexander-Arnold's set-piece delivery is cleared, then Livramento finally eases the pressure by winning a free-kick for his team.
This has been a really positive start from Liverpool, who clearly smell blood against their out-of-form and injury-hit opponents. The Reds win another free-kick on the left flank, but Szoboszlai's delivery is too close to Dubravka.
Liverpool have won their last five Premier League games against Newcastle and are unbeaten in 14 against them since a 2-0 loss in December 2015 (10 wins, four draws).
That's better from Newcastle as Gordon darts through midfield before being scythed down by Gomez, who is again deputising at left-back. He avoids the game's first booking, though, and the Magpies fail to make anything of their deep free-kick.
Chance! Liverpool play themselves into trouble as Newcastle steal possession high up the pitch from an Alisson goal-kick. Isak works it right to Miley as Gordon's run takes a defender away… but Gomez gets across to block his shot behind for a corner.
That's so poor. Longstaff sends an awful corner directly behind. Newcastle need to make the most of any set-piece chances in what is likely to be a frantic contest.
Now Livramento concedes a corner with a lunging challenge on the rampaging Gomez. We've not had time to breathe yet – it's been a high-octane start with both teams looking to press high and create openings.
GREAT SAVE! Dubravka comes through the crowd to punch the corner away, but Newcastle quickly concede possession again and Alexander-Arnold fires a great pass into Nunez. The Uruguayan exchanges passes with Salah on the right side of the box before flicking goalwards, and Dubvraka gets down to tip it away. It comes out to Jones, but his strike on the rebound is charged down!
This is Liverpool's final game before Salah joins up with the Egypt squad for the Africa Cup of Nations. He has looked lively early on and almost created the opener there, though the VAR may have taken a look at it for offside, had Nunez converted.
Salah's next Premier League goal will be his 150th for Liverpool, making him the fifth player to reach the milestone with a single club in the competition, after Harry Kane for Tottenham, Sergio Aguero for Manchester City, Wayne Rooney for Manchester United and Thierry Henry for Arsenal. He's scored in five of his six appearances against Newcastle at Anfield in the competition. Can they keep him quiet this time?
Guimaraes is caught out by Endo in midfield, with the Japan international beating his opponent to a loose ball before inviting a foul. Alexander-Arnold is over the dead ball 35 yards from goal, though it's in an awkward area, slightly right-of-centre.
Over! Alexander-Arnold swings the free-kick in for Nunez, who sends his header over the top from 12 yards out. Dubravka had that one covered.
GOAL, BUT WAIT, THE FLAG IS UP! Anfield erupts as Diaz converts for what appears to be the opening goal, but the linesman's flag cuts the celebrations short! Jones slides a neat ball in behind for Nunez, who unselfishly offloads to his left for Diaz to side-foot home, but offside is the on-field decision. It looks mightily close, though… the VAR will check this!
NO GOAL! The VAR check is over and the on-pitch decision stands! Nunez was just ahead of Burn as he darted onto Jones' throughball, and it remains goalless!
PENALTY TO LIVERPOOL! After being denied the opening goal, Diaz wins a spot-kick for Liverpool! The Colombian takes a pass in his stride and skips beyond Botman, who lunges in desperately as the Colombian faces up to Dubravka. The winger goes down and Anthony Taylor points to the spot! Again, the VAR will check this decision, as Diaz's fall looked a little delayed.
The VAR check is over and the penalty stands! Botman caught Diaz from behind, and Salah has a chance to open the scoring from 12 yards!
Penalty Miss Mohamed Salah Hamed Mahrous Ghaly
Penalty Save Martin Dúbravka
SAVED! DUBRAVKA DENIES SALAH! Wow! Salah blasts the kick to Dubravka's left as he looks for his 150th Premier League goal for Liverpool, but the Newcastle goalkeeper springs across to push it away! Alexander-Arnold looks certain to convert from the rebound… but he sends an awful volley spiralling over the crossbar! What a left-off for the visitors!
Liverpool continue to press for the opener as Jones shoots from range, but it's straight at Dubravka. The Newcastle 'keeper will be absolutely delighted at stopping Salah's penalty – the kick was much to close to him, but he needed to get a strong hand to it!
Good defending! Diaz slips a clever pass infield as Jones makes the run towards the edge of the six-yard box before shooting, but Miley tracks him all the way to deflect it behind for a corner. It's still all Liverpool.
Block! Szoboszlai lifts the corner to Alexander-Arnold on the edge of the box, but he's unable to shoot after chesting the ball down, instead lifting it back into the area. Van Dijk hits it on the turn, and it's deflected behind for another set-piece. This one comes to nothing.
Guimaraes is the first player to see yellow following a late lunge on Endo in midfield. He's now just two bookings away from receiving a two-match ban.
Alexander-Arnold crosses from the latest Liverpool set-piece, and Van Dijk heads against the arm of Joelinton. The VAR takes a quick look at the incident, but his arm was in a completely natural position. No penalty.
Offside! Newcastle manage their first break in a long time as Isak tries to play Gordon in, only for Alisson to reach the loose ball first. However, his weak clearance puts Liverpool back under pressure and Longstaff slips a pass in behind for Isak to shoot… but the flag goes up as Konate makes the block.
Incredibly, Liverpool have had 14 shots to Newcastle's one so far, amassing 1.97 expected goals (xG) by the 32-minute mark. The Reds have been utterly dominant, but they have nothing to show for it after Salah's spot-kick was saved by Dubravka.
Longstaff raids forward again as Newcastle enjoy a better spell. He slips a pass through for Miley, but Van Dijk tracks the youngster well and Alisson is able to clear away.
Only Steven Gerrard (nine) and Michael Owen (seven) have failed to convert more Premier League penalties for Liverpool than Salah (six), who has now failed to convert four of his last nine in the competition.
STUNNING DOUBLE SAVE! How are Liverpool not ahead? Nunez chases Botman and latches onto a loose touch from the Newcastle defender to bear down on Dubravka's goal. The Uruguayan should make it 1-0, but his side-footed attempt is smothered by the Newcastle goalkeeper. Liverpool keep it alive and Nunez gets another chance to strike from the edge of the box, and Dubravka beats this one away as well!
THE BALL IS IN THE NET, BUT IT WON'T COUNT! Newcastle counterattack at devastating speed as Joelinton breaks the lines with a pass into Isak. He works it wide for Gordon to cross from the right, and stand-in captain Burn arrives to power his header past Alisson! The away end erupts, but their joy is cut short by another offside flag! This one will be checked, it was very, very close!
OFFSIDE – NO GOAL! Both teams have had a goal chalked off for offside now! The VAR takes a long look at the incident before concluding that Isak was just leaning ahead of Konate as he received Joelinton's pass! Somehow, it's still 0-0!
OFF THE WOODWORK! INCREDIBLE! Alexander-Arnold goes so, so close to scoring one of the great Premier League goals. Receiving a crossfield pass right on the byline, outside the box, he hits a brilliant volley which dips over Dubravka but just clips the underside of the bar before flying to safety. That was Marco van Basten-esque!
Joelinton somehow escapes a booking for the most cynical pull of a shirt you'll ever see, sending Szoboszlai down. Liverpool get the advantage as the attack develops and the Hungarian gets up to see a long-range shot blocked by Schar.
Van Dijk isn't happy with Alexander-Arnold, who just switches off and almost allows Isak to break in behind. The Dutchman recovers to make a vital challenge on the Newcastle striker before giving his team-mate a piece of his mind.
The home fans are not happy with the referee as he declines to award a free-kick as Diaz goes down on the edge of the box. To compound their fury, the Colombian is booked for dissent.
We're into five minutes of stoppage time at Anfield, where the first 45 minutes have absolutely flown by!
Now Miley is booked for a lunge on Salah, winning the ball but catching his opponent on the follow-through. The rain has been driving down for some time now, and the wet pitch worked against the 17-year-old there.
Klopp is not happy with the officiating of this game, giving the fourth official a piece of his mind as Konate becomes the latest Liverpool player to be fouled. Newcastle have grown into this contest in the last 15 minutes or so, and they've frustrated Liverpool by breaking up the game with tactical fouls.
Unlucky! Now Diaz teases a ball over the Newcastle backline, looking for Szoboszlai. It's the right idea, but he's just eased out of it by Botman and Dubravka can scoop up the loose ball.
Alexander-Arnold is booked for dissent after Gomez fouls Gordon. Liverpool need to keep their heads here, they've lost control of a game they were totally dominating.
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 0-0 NEWCASTLE UNITED.
Anthony Taylor is jeered by the home fans as he brings a tempestuous, chance-ridden half of football to an end. Somehow, it's still goalless between Liverpool and Newcastle at Anfield. The Reds were utterly dominant for the first half-hour, missing a golden opportunity to go ahead in the 23rd minute as Dubravka kept out Salah's penalty and Alexander-Arnold blazed over from the rebound. Through Nunez and Burn, both teams have seen goals chalked off for offside, while Alexander-Arnold hit the underside of the crossbar with a quite ridiculous volley from a tight angle. Klopp's team began to lose their heads as the half-time whistle approached, though, picking up a series of needless bookings as Newcastle scrapped their way back into the contest. Is more of the same to follow after the break? We certainly hope so!
The half-time statistics paint a picture of Liverpool dominance. They have managed 18 shots to Newcastle's one, creating 2.57 xG to the visitors' 0.06, also racking up 29 touches in the area to the Magpies' five. Howe's men are still level, though, and Burn's disallowed goal was a warning for the hosts – this game remains in the balance!
Newcastle get the second half under way at Anfield! Will the second half live up to the entertainment on offer in the first 45 minutes?
Liverpool attempted 18 shots in the first half. Only once on record (since 2003-04) have they had more in the opening 45 minutes of a Premier League match without scoring (20 versus Leicester City in December 2015).
Endo feeds Nunez on the edge of the area as Liverpool look for a bright start to the second half, but the Uruguayan loses his footing following a poor touch. He decided the reverse fixture by scoring two late goals as a substitute in August, but he has been guilty of missing several good chances in this game.
GOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAL! LIVERPOOL FINALLY BREAK THROUGH, SALAH WITH THE GOAL! The hosts go from back to front with a flowing move, Nunez flicking a long ball down for Szoboszlai, who feeds it wide for Diaz. The winger picks out Nunez with a lovely pass across the box, and the Uruguayan finally shows the necessary composure in front of goal, squaring for Salah to convert!
Nunez has made some poor decisions in this match, but he waited for Salah to arrive alongside him before putting the chance on a plate. Salah couldn't miss!
INCREDIBLE SAVE! Liverpool come forward again with Salah seeing a low shot pushed away by Dubravka. The Reds keep the attack alive as Diaz chips another pass into the path of the Egyptian, who looks to turn provider for Nunez. The cross into the six-yard box is excellent, but the Uruguayan's sliding finish is smothered by Dubravka! He's keeping Newcastle in the game!
DUBRAVKA DENIES NUNEZ AGAIN! A great ball over the top finds Nunez racing into the area, and he lashes goalwards on the volley. His shot is bound for the top-left corner, but Dubravka springs to his right to push it away!
Howe makes the game's first substitution, bringing on Almiron for Miley, who was booked in the first half.
Gordon took advantage of Liverpool's high line with a well-weighted pass, slipping Isak in behind to finish!
GOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALL! ISAK LEVELS OUT OF NOWHERE! The Kop is stunned into silence as Newcastle hit back! Gordon picks up possession on the left-hand side before threading a throughball between Konate and Van Dijk, who steps up but times his movement incorrectly. Isak bears down on Alisson and produces a lovely finish with the outside of his boot, prodding into the bottom-right corner! Another twist in this incredible game!
Van Dijk commits a cheap foul on Gordon as Liverpool's frustrations threaten to get the better of them. Alisson claims the cross from the resulting right-wing set-piece with ease, though.
Isak's equaliser came from Newcastle's second shot of the match, and their first since the eighth minute! Liverpool have let their visitors off time and again, and they have been punished!
The rain is still driving down as Jones sends in a shot from the edge of the box. It takes a big deflection off a striped shirt and almost drops for Salah, but Newcastle scramble it away. Liverpool then come again through Diaz, but there's nobody attacking his low cross from the left! The pace of this game has been absolutely relentless.
Dubravka again! Liverpool are firmly in the ascendency now with Newcastle penned back in their own box. Diaz tiptoes his away to the D before striking with power, and the visiting goalkeeper beats yet another effort away. It was close to him, but it needed saving!
NUNEZ HEADS WIDE! Salah lays it off for Endo to tease a cross in from the right corner of the area. Nunez gets across his man and wins the header, but he glances it just wide of Dubravka's right-hand post! The goalkeeper was beaten that time!
Klopp has seen enough, with three Liverpool substitutes ready to enter the action. Szoboszlai is moving somewhat awkwardly as Gravenberch takes his place.
Perhaps most surprisingly, Nunez trudges off! He has missed some golden chances, but he's been involved in everything and caused Newcastle no end of problems. Gakpo takes his place.
MORE CHANCES! Salah sets a curling effort out towards the far corner, forcing Dubravka to claw it away. Jones is rushing in to meet the rebound with a firm volley, and Schar has to get back on his goal line to clear! The Liverpool pressure is relentless!
Jota is brought on for Diaz, who won Liverpool's first-half penalty and has been lively throughout.
Now Joelinton goes into the book for a clumsy challenge on Konate. Klopp is in the fourth official's ear, reminding him that Joelinton should have seen yellow in the first half!
Endo is booked for a late lunge in midfield.
Now Salah scampers to the byline to win a corner for Liverpool. They have had 26 shots and amassed a massive 4.25 xG in this match, but it's still level!
ANOTHER SAVE! Alexander-Arnold's corner isn't dealt with and the ball drops for Gakpo near the penalty spot. He takes a touch before driving goalwards, but Dubravka gets down to make the save, and Gravenberch's follow-up is over! The Newcastle goalkeeper is having an incredible game.
Newcastle, of course, have suffered late heartache twice in recent memory against Liverpool. Fabio Carvalho scored a 98th-minute winner for the Reds in this exact fixture last August, while they lost by the same scoreline when the teams last met at St James Park in August 2023, Nunez netting two late goals off the bench as Klopp's men triumphed on Tyneside with 10 men. Does a similar fate await them here? They are hanging on for dear life!
Newcastle have won their first league game in just one of the last 11 calendar years (three draws, seven losses), winning 1-0 at Stoke City in 2018. However, they've never lost against Liverpool on New Year's Day in three previous meetings, drawing 0-0 in 1913 before winning 9-2 in 1934 and 1-0 in 2003. Can they hold out to maintain that record?
Danger! Newcastle get the ball out to Gordon with players flooding forward in support. He floats a pass in behind for Longstaff, who goes down under pressure from Endo, but the referee shakes his head – there was nothing doing there.
GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAALLLLL! JONES RESTORES LIVERPOOL'S LEAD! Salah is heavily involved once again, reaching the corner of the Newcastle box before sliding a delightful pass in behind for Jota. The substitute could pull the trigger from six yards out, but he unselfishly squares it for Jones to tap in from close range – Dubravka could do nothing about that one! 2-1!
Jota gets an assist off the bench, teeing up Jones to convert after reaching Salah's throughball on the corner of the six-yard box.
Mac Allister makes his return from injury for Liverpool, getting a warm reception as he replaces Endo, who was on yellow card.
WILD FINISH! Liverpool are caught napping at the back as Newcastle substitute Almiron breaks in behind down the right. He checks back onto his left foot and has players in support, but he lashes a wild effort high into the Kop!
GOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAALLLLL! GAKPO MAKES IT 3-1! Salah turns creator as Liverpool surely kill off the contest! The Egyptian plays a delicious cross into the six-yard box with the outside of his left boot, and though Gakpo doesn't get a clean contact on the ball, he does enough to wrongfoot Dubravka and bundle it into the bottom-right corner. Now the scoreline is starting to reflect Liverpool's dominance!
Salah missed a penalty in the first half, but he has more than made up for that since the break! He now has a goal and an assist to his name!
There was a VAR check on the goal with Gakpo seemingly close to being offside, but Botman was playing him on! The goal stands!
GOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLL! NEWCASTLE ARE BACK IN IT! This remarkable game takes another twist as Botman brings Newcastle back within one goal! The Magpies win a corner on the right, which Longstaff delivers towards the edge of the six-yard box. Liverpool's marking is slack as Botman finds the bottom-left corner with a combination of his head and shoulder. 3-2 with nine minutes to play!
Longstaff gets the assist with a fine set-piece delivery, finding Botman steaming in just six yards out!
Howe is making two changes here. Lascelles replaces Joelinton after the Brazilian picked up a yellow card.
Hall is also on, with Burn withdrawn.
ANOTHER PENALTY TO LIVERPOOL! Jota darts onto a pass in behind and rounds Dubravka near the penalty spot. There's contact as the Newcastle goalkeeper tries to smother the ball, but Jota manages to keep his footing for two steps before hitting the deck with the goal gaping. It looks somewhat suspect, but the referee points to the spot!
Dubravka is booked for the foul as Salah prepares to take his second penalty of the game. The Newcastle goalkeeper looks to have been hard done by after a brilliant showing between the sticks.
GOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLL! SALAH CONVERTS THIS TIME! Dubravka dives to his left and Salah strokes his kick the opposite way, finding the bottom-left corner to make it 4-2! Surely Liverpool have now done enough to win this crazy game?!
Liverpool have now amassed an incredible figure of 6.77 xG in this match! Their second penalty may have been debatable, but they clearly deserve to take the three points.
Longstaff goes into the book after catching Jota's knee on halfway. The game now looks to be gone for Newcastle, and their frustration was evident in that challenge.
Salah is the first player to score, assist, miss a penalty and score a penalty in a Premier League game since Wayne Rooney for Everton against Swansea City in February 2017.
We will have SEVEN minutes of stoppage time at Anfield! Surely there are no further twists to come?
Newcastle's winless run in Premier League action at Anfield is about to reach 28 games. Everton, with an ongoing run against Chelsea, are the only other team to endure a winless away streak of that length against any opponent in the competition.
Chance for 5-2! Salah has Jota in support as he bursts into the box on the right-hand side, but he looks to sign off with a hat-trick ahead of his trip to the Africa Cup of Nations, ignoring his team-mate and cutting inside to shoot. Botman blocks his strike, then Jota sees the follow-up deflected behind.
Nothing comes of Liverpool's corner, but the Reds are back in possession and can stroke it around patiently, with Newcastle a beaten team.
Liverpool's xG figure for this match now stands at a massive 7.27, compared to 0.59 for Newcastle. That is the highest figure ever recorded in a Premier League game, and the Reds are about to move three points clear at the top of the table!
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 4-2 NEWCASTLE UNITED.
The full-time whistle brings this absolute thriller to a close, with Liverpool going three points clear at the Premier League summit with a 4-2 win over Newcastle United! After a chaotic first half somehow ended without a goal, the game continued in the same manner in the second period, Salah scoring the opener before Isak levelled on the break, completely against the run of play. Klopp's team continued to dominate, ultimately racking up 34 shots and 7.27 xG, and goals from Jones and Gakpo looked to have sealed the three points, only for Botman to drag Newcastle back to 3-2 with nine minutes left. However, Salah – who saw a penalty saved in the first half – converted a second spot-kick with four minutes remaining, bowing out with a brace ahead of his trip to the Africa Cup of Nations and finally killing off Howe's visitors. Both teams are in FA Cup action later this week, with Liverpool visiting Arsenal for a heavyweight clash on Sunday after Newcastle – who have now lost five of their last six league games – go to Sunderland for Saturday's Tyne–Wear derby! We hope you've enjoyed our live coverage of this absorbing contest. Until next time, it's goodbye from us!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Luton Town and Chelsea at Kenilworth Road.
Rob Edwards’ side have started to turn things around after a difficult opening few months of the season. Luton have won their last two Premier League games, as many as they did in their first 16 this campaign. They last won three consecutive top-flight matches in December 1991, the third game of which was against today’s opponents Chelsea. A win for the Hatters could see them climb out of the relegation zone and up to 15th place in the Premier League table, at least temporarily, with other sides playing later in the weekend.
Chelsea will be hoping to put an end to their disappointing run of form away from home having lost each of their last four Premier League away games, their longest losing run on the road since a run of five between October and December 2000. The Blues picked up a 2-1 win over Crystal Palace in the week through a last-minute penalty from Noni Madueke, which may have papered over the cracks of what was a lacklustre performance against a struggling side. A victory wouldn’t do a lot for Mauricio Pochettino’s side in terms of their league position, but it will be a huge confidence boost for the west London outfit to gain some momentum.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-2-1): Thomas Kaminski; Amari'i Bell, Gabriel Osho, Teden Mengi; Alfie Doughty, Ross Barkley, Albert Sambi Lokonga, Issa Kabore; Jacob Brown, Andros Townsend; Elijah Adebayo.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: Mads Andersen, Chiedozie Ogbene, Carlton Morris, Cauley Woodrow, Tahith Chong, Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu, Jordan Clark, Tim Krul, Ryan Giles.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Djordje Petrovic; Levi Colwill, Thiago Silva, Axel Disasi, Malo Gusto; Moises Caicedo, Conor Gallagher; Nicolas Jackson, Cole Palmer, Noni Madueke; Armando Broja.
CHELSEA SUBS: Raheem Sterling, Enzo Fernandez, Mykhailo Mudryk, Marcus Bettinelli, Christopher Nkunku, Ian Maatsen, Alfie Gilchrist, Lucas Bergstrom, Alex Matos.
Edwards has made one change from his team’s 3-2 victory away to Sheffield United on Boxing Day. The Luton manager has looked to reward the majority of his starting XI for their efforts at Bramall Lane, but there is a change in one of the wing-back positions, with Kabore coming into the side and Giles dropping to the bench.
Meanwhile, Pochettino has made four alterations from Chelsea’s victory over Roy Hodgson’s Palace. At the back, veteran defender Thiago Silva comes in for Benoit Badiashile, who misses out through injury. The Argentine manager has also reshuffled his attack, with Maatsen, Nkunku, and Mudryk out of the starting XI and onto the bench. Broja, Palmer, and Madueke come in.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
Lokonga gets the game under way for Luton at Kenilworth Road!
Madueke makes an early foul on Brown and Luton have an opportunity from a free-kick deep inside the Chelsea half. Doughty is standing over it and he looks to deliver towards the middle, but it's headed away by Disasi and Pochettino's side are able to clear the danger comfortably.
Chance! Madueke bursts down the right-hand side, looking to take on Doughty. He gets to the byline and cuts inside before finding Gallagher in the middle. The Chelsea midfielder strikes it towards the bottom corner, but Kaminski makes a smart stop with his feet. An early opportunity for the Blues, but it was saved well by the Luton goalkeeper.
Adebayo drifts out wide and receives the ball before standing up Gusto. He takes on the Chelsea defender and finds Brown inside the penalty area, but he can't quite get it under control and it rolls to Petrovic who can gather. It's been end-to-end stuff so far from the two teams at Kenilworth Road.
Chelsea are looking to play out from the back, but Luton aren't making it easy for the away side. Edwards' men are pressing high up the pitch, looking to win the ball back in advanced areas. The Kenilworth Road crowd are getting behind their players at every opportunity.
GOOOAAAAALLL!!! 1-0 CHELSEA!! The Blues broke down the left-hand side with Jackson who looked to catch Kaminski out at the near post, but the Luton goalkeeper made a smart save. The rebound fell to Bell who laid the ball into the path of Kabore, but his sloppy pass fell straight to Palmer, who drilled a strike into the far corner to open the scoring. Edwards will be incredibly disappointed to have conceded in that manner, but Pochettino won't care!
It was a bright start from Luton who had the crowd on their side, but Chelsea showed the quality they have in their squad to pounce on a mistake from Edwards' men. The Hatters were sloppy at the back and Palmer made no mistake with a superb strike from just inside the box, leaving Kaminski with no chance.
Brown pounces on a loose ball deep inside the Chelsea half and drives towards the box, but Palmer brings him down just outside of the penalty area and Luton have a free-kick. Barkley and Doughty are standing over it. Barkley takes aim towards the far corner... but it's just over the bar and out for a goal-kick.
Broja steals the ball from Adebayo and carries it into the box on the left, before beating his marker and getting to the byline. He drills a delivery across the face of goal, but none of the Chelsea forwards have gambled and it evades everyone, allowing Luton to clear the ball from danger.
It's a half-chance for Luton. Kabore delivers into the penalty area and Silva looks to clear, but his header only flies up in the air towards Adebayo. He rises above his marker and heads towards goal, but he can't get enough power in the shot and Petrovic is there to regain possession.
Broja is down and looks in some discomfort. The medical team have rushed on to give him treatment. The Chelsea forward appears to be in a lot of pain, and Pochettino has sent some players out to warm up just in case. After a short delay, he returns to action, but he's moving gingerly in attack.
Luton have another opportunity from a free-kick after Gusto upended Brown on the left-hand side. Doughty will look to deliver into the box once again. He whips it towards the back post, but Broja is there to header away. The Hatters regain possession, but they can't quite find a breakthrough.
Brown goes into the book for a late challenge on Gallagher, and Chelsea have a free-kick.
Luton will now have a chance from a corner after Brown burst down the left-hand side. His cross deflected behind for a corner after Gallagher had made an effort to stop the delivery. The Chelsea midfielder is now down injured holding his leg and the medical team are on the pitch. After a short delay, he's back up on his feet and Doughty will take the corner, but his effort is cleared.
It's been a fairly even game so far, with Luton seeing plenty of the ball since going behind. The Hatters have managed 49.8 per cent of the possession since the game got under way and they've been the side controlling the tempo since Chelsea opened the scoring through Palmer earlier in the half.
Although Luton have grown into the game, they do have Kaminski to thank that it's only 1-0. Chelsea have had five shots so far with all of them being on target, but the Hatters' goalkeeper has been solid between the sticks and couldn't do anything about Palmer's excellent strike into the far corner.
GOOOAAAAALLL!! 2-0 CHELSEA!! The Blues beat the press of Luton and Palmer is found in space in the middle of the pitch by Colwill. The attacking midfielder shifts the ball out wide to Madueke. The tricky winger tries to get it onto his stronger foot, but he shifts it onto his right and fires a strike which creeps in at the near post. It’s a superb finish from Madueke, who scores his second goal in as many games.
Palmer stayed patient in the middle waiting for the ball, creating space for himself. He wasted no time finding Madueke on the right-hand side, allowing him to get one-on-one with his marker.
Edwards will be disappointed with how his side have conceded twice, considering their performance so far. However, they've been sloppy at the back and haven't shown enough threat in the final third, so there's no doubt Chelsea are good value for their lead. The Hatters now have a mountain to climb.
Luton have a free-kick on the right-hand side and Barkley looks to deliver, but it's headed behind for a corner. Doughty comes over to take and he whips it towards the far post. There's a scramble in the box but the ball falls to Brown who strikes it, but it's deflected behind for another corner.
VAR is checking for a penalty for Luton. The referee has delayed the restart and it's being looked at. Colwill and Adebayo were wrestling at the back post with both players going to the ground. After a short delay, the referee waves play on. NO PENALTY!
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of five minutes of added time at the end of the first half.
Barkley times his run well beyond the Chelsea defence and receives the ball on the left, just inside the penalty area. He works it onto his left foot and drills a cross low and hard into the danger zone, but it rebounds off a defender and the ball is cleared.
HALF-TIME: LUTON TOWN 0-2 CHELSEA
Chelsea go into the break with a 2-0 lead over Luton at Kenilworth Road. The Blues opened the scoring through Palmer who pounced inside the box to capitalise on a mistake from Kabore, firing into the back of the net. The Hatters reacted well to going a goal behind and were looking dangerous in the Chelsea half, but they struggled to create many chances. Pochettino's side then doubled their lead as Palmer found Madueke inside the box, and the young winger rifled a shot into the roof of the net beyond Kaminski. Edwards' men have a mountain to climb in the second half.
Luton are yet to test Petrovic between the sticks for Chelsea. The Hatters have created 0.31 expected goals (xG), but none of their shots have been on target so far. Kaminski has been busy for Edwards' side in goal, with the away team managing six shots on target in the first half, with two of them finding the back of the net. It wouldn't be a surprise to see an early change from Luton in the second half with the home team chasing the game. Could we see Morris, Chong, or Ogbene soon?
Edwards makes a change at the break with Chong coming off the bench, replacing Kabore.
Brown is also taken off after being booked in the first half, with Ogbene the player to enter the fray in his place.
Palmer gets the second half under way for Chelsea at Kenilworth Road!
Madueke finds the overlapping run of Gusto and he bursts down the right-hand side, carrying the ball into the box. He edges closer to the goal unmarked and looks to pull it back to one of his team-mates, but he doesn't make the right pass and Luton are able to counter-attack through Chong.
Madueke and Gusto work the ball well down the right side once again and it eventually comes to Gallagher. The Chelsea midfielder attempts to deliver into the box, but his cross is deflected behind for a corner. It's played short and Palmer is picked out just outside the area, but his shot from range doesn't find the intended target and it's out for a goal-kick.
Luton have started brightly in the second half and they now have a corner after some good work from Ogbene on the right. It's Doughty to take and he delivers into the penalty area, but Petrovic comes off his line and claims the cross with relative ease. Edwards is demanding more from his players.
The Hatters have limited Chelsea in terms of their attacking play in the second half, with Pochettino's side only having one touch inside the Luton box. However, the Blues appear happy to let Luton have the ball, frustrating them and forcing them to try and break Chelsea's defence down.
The Luton supporters aren't happy, with Chelsea goalkeeper Petrovic taking his time with every single goal-kick. It wouldn't be a surprise if the referee has a word with him if it happens again. The Blues are already wasting as much time as possible as they look to end their winless run on the road.
There's activity on both benches with Pochettino and Edwards set to make some changes. Luton know they need to find a goal quickly if they want to get a result today, and it looks like Morris could be one of the players to enter the fray in the next few minutes.
Pochettino makes a change in attack, with Broja the player to make way after struggling to get going in today's game. Nkunku comes off the bench to replace him.
Edwards makes an attacking alteration as Luton search for a way back in the game. Morris comes on for Townsend.
Mengi makes a strong challenge on Jackson near the halfway line, and it's his second foul in quick succession. Pochettino isn't happy as the referee fails to book the Luton defender. Jackson looked to be in some discomfort, but he's back on his feet and Chelsea have a free-kick.
What a chance! Barkley dances through challenges in the middle and lays the ball into the path of Chong on the left. He gets it out of his feet and fires a delivery across goal, but Adebayo doesn't anticipate it and it goes behind for a goal-kick. If the Luton striker reacted quicker, he would have been able to tap into an empty net!
Jackson turned superbly in the middle of the park and his pass into the path of Palmer was inch-perfect.
GOAAAALLLLL!! 3-0 CHELSEA! Palmer scores again! Chelsea have a free-kick and it’s fired into Jackson who turns well. He spots the run of Palmer who has burst beyond the Luton defence. The attacking midfielder rolls the ball past Kaminski before dummying onto his left, and he taps into an empty net. It’s a superb goal from the former Manchester City man, who showed great composure and skill to get past Kaminski.
Edwards will be disappointed to have conceded from a rare attack from Chelsea, but it's exactly what Pochettino would have wanted. The Blues sat back and hit Luton on the counter-attack, and it's worked a treat in the second half.
GOOOAAAAAL!! The ball finds Doughty on the left-hand side and he gets it out of his feet, before whipping towards the front post. Adebayo bursts in front of his marker and powers a header beyond Petrovic. But wait... VAR is checking it. Doughty could be offside... and he is! NO GOAL!
Mengi eventually goes into the book, this time for a foul on Colwill.
Luton now have their first shot on target. Ogbene receives the ball out wide and looks to cut onto his left foot. He lays a pass into the path of Barkley just outside the box. He takes aim and strikes towards goal, but it's saved comfortably by Petrovic between the sticks for Chelsea.
GOAAAALLLL!! 3-1! Luton pull one back. The Hatters have a corner with Doughty set to take. He whips a delivery towards the front post, and Barkley has escaped his marker. The English midfielder has a free header, and he glances it into the far corner. It's sloppy defending from Chelsea, but Luton now believe they are back in it!
Doughty's delivery into the box was perfectly on the head of Barkley. He's been a real threat for Luton on the left-hand side in today's game.
Pochettino makes a change as Chelsea look to hold onto their lead. Fernandez comes on in place of Madueke.
So close! Gallagher makes a strong challenge on Chong inside the Chelsea half, and Luton will have another opportunity from a set-piece. Doughty is standing over it once again, and he delivers towards the back post. Morris comes flying in and sends a bullet header towards goal, but Petrovic tips it onto the bar! What a save!
GOOOAAAALLLL!!! 3-2!! Luton have another! Morris finds Ogbene with a clever pass and he clips a delivery to the back post. Doughty has burst forward from wing-back and heads towards goal, but Petrovic palms it away. However, it's only as far as Adebayo, who pounces inside the box to fire home! It’s going to be a nervous end to the game for Chelsea!
Disasi goes into the book for dissent after Luton had scored their second.
Chong finds Doughty who has been superb for Luton, and he looks to deliver into the box, but the ball is cleared. It eventually comes to Chong inside the Chelsea penalty area, and he fires a cross low and hard into the middle, but Silva is there to hoof it away. The Hatters are pushing to find an equaliser!
Palmer, who has scored twice and provided an assist for Chelsea, is replaced by youngster Gilchrist.
There isn't long left for Luton to secure themselves a dramatic point. A few moments ago, the fourth official indicated that there will be a minimum of six minutes of added time at the end of the game. Edwards' side aren't giving up and Chelsea are hanging on!
Gusto goes into the book for delaying the restart when Chelsea had a throw-in.
One final roll of the dice from Edwards as he brings on Woodrow for Lokonga in the final few minutes of the game.
FULL-TIME: LUTON TOWN 2-3 CHELSEA
Chelsea secure the three points at Luton, coming away with a 3-2 victory. It was looking like a comfortable day for the Blues after they had opened the scoring through Palmer in the first half, followed by Madueke firing home later before half-time. The Hatters were pushing but failed to have a shot on target in the opening 45 minutes. After the break, Palmer struck once again to give Pochettino's side a 3-0 lead, and the win looked as though it was sealed. However, Barkley found the back of the net with just 10 minutes of normal time remaining. Edwards' men threw everything at it, and Adebayo made it 3-2 in the final few minutes. Despite their best efforts, Luton couldn't find an equaliser, and Chelsea end their winless run of four games away from home. Up next for the Hatters is a home tie in the FA Cup against Bolton Wanderers, while Chelsea host Preston in the same competition. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Manchester City and Sheffield United at the Etihad Stadium!
City's return to Premier League action following their Club World Cup success saw them return to winning ways in the league as they came from behind to beat Everton 3-1 on Wednesday. They're currently unbeaten in their last six outings in all competitions (W5 D1), and another win here would move them to just two points behind current leaders Liverpool. They've struggled at home in the Premier League recently, giving up leads in each of their last three games at the Eithad to draw with Liverpool, Tottenham and Crystal Palace, which is something Pep Guardiola will want to avoid happening again today.
Since Chris Wilder came back to the club, United have managed to improve defensively, but they're still struggling to get points on the board. They've won just one of their five games since he took charge (a 1-0 victory at home over Brentford), drawing one and losing three of the other four - one of those defeats came in midweek as they gave up a lead against Luton Town, scoring two own goals to help the Hatters win 3-2. The Blades currently sit seven points from safety, but history isn't on their side to close that gap as they've never beaten City in the Premier League (D3 L8).
MANCHESTER CITY STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Manuel Akanji, Nathan Ake, Josko Gvardiol; Mateo Kovacic, Rodri; Bernardo Silva, Phil Foden, Jack Grealish; Julian Alvarez.
MANCHESTER CITY SUBS: Oscar Bobb, Kalvin Phillips, Ruben Dias, Sergio Gomez, Micah Hamilton, Matheus Nunes, Rico Lewis, Kevin De Bruyne, Stefan Ortega.
SHEFFIELD UNITED STARTING XI (3-4-2-1): Wes Foderingham; George Baldock, Jack Robinson, Auston Trusty; Jayden Bogle, Vinicius Souza, Oliver Norwood, Luke Thomas; Anis Ben Slimane, Andre Brooks; William Osula.
SHEFFIELD UNITED SUBS: Ben Osborn, Benie Troare, Yasser Larouci, Rhian Brewster, Adam Davies, Femi Seriki, Oliver McBurnie, Cameron Archer, Rhys Norrington-Davies.
Guardiola makes just two changes to the side that beat Everton in midweek. Gvardiol and Kovacic are both brought in, with the former's inclusion meaning Ake will move to centre-back. Nunes is on the bench, while John Stones is out with an ankle injury. They are boosted by the return of De Bruyne among the substitutes after a hamstring injury, with Dias also included after illness.
Wilder makes five changes from their defeat at Luton last time out, which also sees the Blades swap to a back three. Bogle is back from a ban to start, with Norwood, Thomas, Ben Slimane and Osula also coming in. McBurnie and Archer drop to the bench. Anel Ahmedhodzic and Gustavo Hamer are both suspended for an accumulation of yellow cards, while James McAtee is ineligible against his parent club.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Osula gets the game under way for United!
WIDE! It's City with all of the early possession here, and they find a way through down the left. Gvardiol clips it forward to Foden, who cushions it down for Alvarez, but he fizzes his first-time shot wide of the far post.
CHANCE! Kovacic's loose pass gifts the ball to Sheff United and Ben Slimane picks out Norwood's run down the right. He whips a cross in which has Ederson scrambling - the keeper ends up behind his line, but manages to hold the ball out to prevent a shock goal.
Again, City get a little sloppy in midfield and Osula has a chance to run at the defence. He makes a weaving run past three players, but Walker reads it well when the forward tries to spread it out to Brooks.
The Blades have never scored in five Premier League away games against City - only Birmingham City (seven against Manchester United) have visited a side more without ever scoring in the competition.
City are patiently trying to open up some space in behind, and it looks like Ake has cracked it as he makes a driving run through the middle before sliding in Foden. Instead of turning to goal, he looks for the Dutchman again, but only picks out Robinson.
Grealish has options ahead of him in the box, but can't pick out Foden or Alvarez with his reverse pass. Baldock hooks it clear and it almost turns out to be a good pass for Bogle, but Ake gets back in time to stop him from reaching it.
RODRI SCORES! Foden is bundled off the ball by Souza in midfield, but the Brazilian can't keep control of it as it bobbles up to Rodri. He takes it in stride with the space opening up in front of him before he drills a low shot into the bottom-left corner from just outside the box. 1-0 City!
It was more of an inadvertent pass from Foden than anything else as he was being fouled by Souza, but his touch was enough to help it to Rodri.
CHANCE! City aren't ready to let up the pressure despite breaking the deadlock, and Silva spins away from Thomas down the right to lift in a great cross. Alvarez meets it, but his header loops wide of the far top corner.
United are struggling to get a touch on the ball at the moment, so are dropping deeper into their own box to make life harder for City. Grealish and Kovacic both try to play it into the area, but they can't pick out a blue shirt.
Gvardiol makes a good run forward this time before switching it out to Grealish on the wing. He's under no pressure, but the Blades comfortably deal with his cross into the box.
GOOD SAVE! Foden plays a lovely throughball into the box for Silva, who makes a clever run off the back of Trusty. The angle is against him, but he tries to drill it into the far post. Foderingham gets fingertips to it to help it wide.
Foden is causing United a lot of problems at the moments and he drags two defenders with him as he runs along the edge of the box. He looks to Grealish in space, but his cross is comfortably cleared again.
Brooks makes a half-hearted attempt to press Walker, but it's too late as the right-back threads a wonderful pass into the box for Foden to chase. Trusty is alert though and just manages to shield the ball back to his goalkeeper.
The Blades have had 14 per cent possession so far in this game, and they're in no hurry to try and increase that. They're happy to sit back, limiting City to long-range shots when they do decide to have a go.
City are forced to go back to Ederson, but when he knocks it to Akanji, he tries to get his side straight back into the final third. He goes long for Silva, but the winger is caught on his heels and Foderingham is able to collect.
Bogle thinks he has the chance to break when he's bundled over by Gvardiol, and he isn't happy that he doesn't at least get a free-kick for his trouble. The hosts stay camped in their opponent's half.
Corner number four for City is taken short by Silva to Alvarez, who spins before drilling a low cross into the six-yard box. It's too close to Foderingham though, and the keeper holds onto it.
Rodri's run is blocked off by Souza and City win a free-kick on the left. Silva clips it towards the far post where Rodri manages to flick it on towards Akanji, but the offside flag goes up against him.
Silva caught Robinson on the ball, but before he could carry it into the box, he was dispossessed by Souza. City are claiming they should've had a free-kick, and Guardiola's protests from the touchline result in him being booked.
Baldock can't believe a foul has been given against him in the centre-circle, and Ake takes the resulting free-kick quickly, spreading it out to Walker on the right. A heavy touch shows too much to Thomas, who is fouled shielding it from the right-back.
BLOCK! United have a rare chance to get forward, with Bogle finding a lot of space down the right. He curls a good cross into the box which Osula meets first time, but Akanji is in front of him to poke it out for a corner.
SAVE! It's a good delivery from the resulting corner, and it's Osula that rises highest in the middle to get on the end of the cross. He glances a looping header towards the far post, but Ederson stretches to catch it.
Osula is breaking on the counter once more, but he has his heels clipped by Kovacic to stop his progress. The midfielder is booked for the challenge.
Norwood's corner is half-cleared at the near post, but it's brought down by Bogle just inside the box. He decides to take on the shot himself instead of recycling it, but he curls it straight at Ederson.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 1-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED.
Rodri's goal gives City a 1-0 lead at half-time over Sheffield United. It was a great start for the hosts, with Rodri putting them in front in the 14th minute –he struck it sweetly from just outside the box, picking out the bottom-left corner. Alvarez came close a couple of times, with Foderingham also making a good save to deny Silva. The Blades grew into the game as it went on, with Osula having two good chances towards the end but Akanji and Ederson kept him out.
City dominated the first half, having 82 per cent of the possession, but for all of that, they barely tested Foderingham. They've struggled to break the Blades down, but Guardiola will be keen on not giving up another lead at home – so they'll up the pressure. United's low block has frustrated their hosts at times, but their game plan has worked for the most part. They do need to take more risks if they want to get back into this game though.
City get us back under way for the second half!
City have picked up where they left off in the first half, keeping United penned back deep in their own half. It's patient play from the hosts, who can't find a way into the box at the moment.
It's Rodri who plays the defence-splitting pass into the box this time as he picks out Grealish. He gets the ball caught under his feet before he can square it into the middle, allowing Souza to win it back.
City are making a change early on in the second half here. It's Grealish that's going off, with Bobb on to replace him.
Sheff United have barely managed to get out of their own half since the restart. They're still sitting deep, continuing to frustrate their opponents.
GOOD SAVE! It looks a sure second goal for City! Rodri lifts it over the top for Foden to run onto after getting between two United defenders, but Foderingham is alert. The goalkeeper rushes out to take it off the England midfielder's boot, with Trusty following in to stop him from getting a second bite at it.
There's more neat play from City as they switch it from right to left and Gvardiol tees up Foden in the box. His first touch forces him wide, but he does win a corner as his powerful shot is deflected wide.
All of the Blades' Premier League away goals this season have come in the second half of games. Including today, they've now failed to score before half-time in their last 11 on the road in the competition, their longest-ever such run.
ALVAREZ SCORES! The Sheff United players are slow to close down Bobb on the left, giving him time to wait for Foden's run into the box. He darts in behind and shapes as if to shoot before squaring it across goal to pick out Alvarez instead, and he slides in to tap it into the empty net. 2-0 City!
It's a good run by Foden between two defenders, and he gives the keeper the eyes, catching him out and allowing him to set up Alvarez for his second assist of the game.
Loud cheers ring out around the Etihad as De Bruyne is out to warm up for the first time in the game. On the pitch, City are still comfortably keeping possession and passing their way around United.
BLOCK! Foden has caused problems for United since the first whistle, and he gets in behind with another weaving run. He goes down under pressure from Souza before he can get the shot away, but it rolls to Bobb, whose first-time effort is blocked by Robinson.
City are starting to look more to their left side to make something happen. Silva has switched out there for the moment to link up with Gvardiol, but they both see crosses cleared away.
Changes are coming for both sides, starting with a double attacking swap for Sheff United. Osula is the first to go off, with Archer on in his place.
And Ben Slimane, who has struggled to get involved in the second half, goes off for Brewster.
It's a double change for City as well. Walker goes off for Lewis.
And Dias comes on in place of Kovacic, who is on a booking.
United are starting to press a little higher upfield, but all they've done is force City back into their own half. The visitors still can't get a touch, and you can see they're beginning to tire.
Archer does well to keep the ball in play and plays a one-two with Brooks to carry his side over halfway. Dias stays tight to him to make sure he doesn't get far, but it's better from the Blades.
GREAT CHANCE! And it's a nervy moment at the back for Foderingham! It's played back to the keeper, who tries to take his time on it, not realising that he's being chased down. He tries to hook it away, but it hits Alvarez, and luckily for United, bounces wide of the goal.
GOOD SAVE! There are a lot of gaps starting to open up in Sheff United's backline now, and Rodri exploits one of them with a throughball into Foden. He keeps his shot low, firing it at the near post, but Foderingham gets a strong hand to it.
Bobb is being afforded a lot of space down the left and he plays another good cross into the six-yard box. He's looking for Foden's latest run through the middle, but Baldock blocks it ahead of him.
City look to their right this time, and Akanji is able to carry the ball a long way before curling in a cross. Alvarez is hovering just in front of the keeper, but Trusty stops it from reaching him.
Third change for United now, and it's Brooks that's taken off, with Osborn on in his place.
The Blades have to go all the way back to Foderingham again, and after what happened last time, Alvarez is all too eager to chase him down. The keeper is expecting it though, and coolly gets it away in time.
Dias goes for the big switch out to Bobb on the left once more, though Bogle is ready for it. He forces the substitute to the byline, and the cross doesn't stay in play.
BLOCK! Silva takes it to the byline before pulling it back for Foden on the edge of the box. He loses Souza with a clever drop of the shoulder, but then fires his shot against Trusty, whose deflection takes it into the side netting.
United have a rare chance to attack here as Bogle drags them upfield before clipping a cross into Osborn on the left. He holds onto it too long, and by the time he squares it, it's way behind Archer in the middle.
Ake is attempting to start a counter when Bogle tugs him back out of frustration. He can have no complaints about that booking.
The final roll of the dice for Sheff United sees Norrington-Davies come on in place of Thomas for stoppage time.
So late in the game, United are enjoying their best spell of possession. It's all in front of City, who are happy to just let them keep it at this time.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 2-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED.
City get back to winning ways at home with a comfortable 2-0 win over Sheffield United. They took an early lead in the first half, with Rodri picking out the bottom-left corner with his long-range strike. Foderingham was forced into action to make a good save to deny Silva, while at the other end, Osula had a great chance blocked by Akanji. The Citizens continued to dominate after the break though, and Alvarez sealed the win with a close-range tap-in just after the hour mark, while Foderingham denied Foden from getting on the scoresheet with a good reflex save. It's a win that extends City's unbeaten run to seven games and lifts them to third in the table, just two points behind leaders Liverpool. Next up for them is Huddersfield Town in the FA Cup. United are still without an away win this season as they stay rooted to the bottom of the table, seven points from safety. They travel to Gillingham for their FA Cup tie. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League fixture between West Ham and Brighton at London Stadium.
West Ham return to home comforts after an impressive 2-0 victory over Premier League title contenders Arsenal at Emirates Stadium on Thursday. The Hammers have also won their last three games at London Stadium across all competitions, defeating Wolves, Manchester United and Freiburg – the latter in the Europa League – as David Moyes’ side shot up to sixth in the league table heading into Matchday 20. The hosts would move within three points of fifth-placed Tottenham with a victory here.
As the Hammers overcame Arsenal, Brighton demolished the Gunners’ north London rivals Tottenham 4-2 at Amex Stadium on Thursday. Roberto De Zerbi’s side would leapfrog West Ham with a victory here, while the Seagulls sit just six points adrift of Spurs.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Ben Johnson, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Angelo Ogbonna, Emerson; Tomas Soucek, Edson Alvarez; Pablo Fornals, James Ward-Prowse, Said Benrahma; Jarrod Bowen.
SUBSTITUTES: Lukasz Fabianski, Aaron Cresswell, Maxwel Cornet, Danny Ings, Conor Coventry, Kaelan Casey, Divin Mubama, Levi Laing, Lewis Orford.
BRIGHTON (4-3-1-2): Jason Steele; Jack Hinshelwood, Adam Webster, Jan Paul van Hecke, Pervis Estupinan; Pascal Gross, Billy Gilmour, James Milner; Facundo Buonanotte; Joao Pedro, Danny Welbeck.
SUBSTITUTES: Bart Verbruggen, Mahmoud Dahoud, Adam Lallana, Jakub Moder, Carlos Baleba, Evan Ferguson, Imari Samuels, Benicio Baker-Boaitey, Leigh Kavanagh.
The big news for West Ham is that Ghana manager Chris Hughton – a former Brighton boss, too, – has insisted Mohammed Kudus travels to the Africa Cup of Nations with his country before this game, so the in-form midfielder is absent for the Hammers. Lucas Paqueta is missing through injury, while an unhappy Vladimir Coufal is not present due to apparent unsettlement over his contract situation. Johnson, Benrahma and Fornals come into the starting XI from the Arsenal win as makeshift striker Bowen continues to lead the line.
De Zerbi makes two changes from the Tottenham win, although one of them is enforced as captain Lewis Dunk misses this game due to his one-match suspension for racking up five yellow cards in the league this term. Webster comes into centre-back alongside Van Hecke, while the fit-again Estupinan starts at left-back in place of Igor Julio, who is not in the squad at all. Milner also starts in the middle in what will be another milestone Premier League appearance for the veteran.
West Ham won the reverse fixture against Brighton 3-1 in August, ending a 12-game winless league run against the Seagulls (D6 L6). They last did the league double over them in 2011-12, but they’ve never done so in the top flight. Can the Hammers achieve that feat here? We’re about to find out as kick-off approaches…
Referee Samuel Barrott gets this Premier League clash underway!
Bowen glides down the left-hand side before his shot deflects into the path of Alvarez, who goes down inside the area under the challenge of Gilmour. The referee points for a goal-kick and the VAR concurs with the original decision.
Milner is making his 632nd Premier League appearance, going level with former Manchester United star Ryan Giggs – only Gareth Barry (653) has made more appearances in the competition. How the former Liverpool man would love to mark this milestone with a victory.
De Zerbi's visitors dominate possession for a prolonged spell before Alvarez sweeps up in front of Joao Pedro. The Seagulls have completely monopolised control of the ball in the opening stages.
West Ham are sitting in a 4-1-4-1 formation out of possession, with Alvarez holding and Bowen as the lone striker. Their defensive shape is good, but the Hammers are simply chasing shadows at present as Brighton pass, pass and pass again.
Steele offers the away side an early scare as the Brighton goalkeeper is slow to clear when Bowen races towards him to block a long clearance. It has been a slow start to this clash at London Stadium.
This is death by a thousand passes for West Ham at the moment, with Moyes' men unable to get anywhere near their opponents. De Zerbi's side are moving the ball about with ease but need to inject some pace into their play if they are to test Areola.
Bowen bursts down the left-hand inside channel but his delicate dink towards the near post is easy for Steele to claim. The England international has little support up top when he does eventually get running forward.
West Ham have conceded at least once in all 13 of their Premier League games against Brighton, the most they’ve faced a side without ever keeping a clean sheet in the competition. There has been little action at either end here, however.
The home crowd inside London Stadium may not stay patient with this game for too long if it carries on in the same pattern. Brighton appear the more well-drilled and comfortable in possession, although Moyes will fancy his chances of success on the counter-attack through Bowen.
Joao Pedro twists onto his left foot down the flank but his chipped cross is headed away by Bowen in front of Hinshelwood. Brighton are upping the pressure at present, though West Ham are not buckling under the persistent challenge.
Johnson speeds onto a long ball in behind from Alvarez, outpacing Milner before Steele comes out of his area to chest away. A belated offside flag proves the move redundant, anywho.
It is all fairly one-way traffic still in this Premier League encounter. Brighton enjoyed over 70 per cent possession throughout the opening stages and have shown no signs of slowing down. The question for De Zerbi is as to whether his men can move the ball quicker to get at Areola's goal.
CHANCE! Buonanotte finds space outside the area before his left-footed strike deflects off two West Ham defenders. Areola appears to go the wrong way for a moment before regaining his footing and making a routine save in the middle of his goal. The Frenchman will not be beaten from that sort of range too easily.
Benrahma leaves a little space for Emerson down the left flank as the full-back cuts in and drags a poor right-footed attempt well wide of Steele's target. Hinshelwood, a makeshift right-back, does not look too comfortable when it comes to defending.
Fornals dances inside from the left flank before offloading to Ward-Prowse, whose inswinging delivery does not matter as Soucek is offside at the back post. The West Ham midfielder also seemed to nudge Milner over, with the chance going amiss due to that foul.
OFF THE POST! This is better from West Ham. Soucek has acres in the middle to get his head up and slot through for Bowen, whose right-footed drive is tipped onto the left-hand post by a stretching Steele. A belated offside flag cuts short the excitement, but that was marginal and will go down as a good chance that VAR may have reviewed.
GREAT STOP! Bowen causes Van Hecke all sorts of problems before Benrahma clips a decent cross towards the back post. A headed clearance loops up for Ward-Prowse, whose left-footed volley is kicked behind by some fine Steele reflexes.
Ward-Prowse swings the left-sided corner towards the far post, where Van Hecke clears. Bowen then delivers another cross but Mavropanos can only head well over when unchallenged near the six-yard area.
Buonanotte leads a one-man counter-attack that comes to an end as Johnson hauls the Brighton youngster down in the middle. The West Ham full-back is cautioned for the foul as the Seagulls win a free-kick in a promising central position.
CLOSE! Gross plays a bluff and crosses the free-kick towards the back post, from which Welbeck heads back across goal. Areola tips away from the initial header before the West Ham goalkeeper denies a right-footed Hinshelwood strike from close range. That marks Brighton's first real chance of this game.
Bowen is visibly frustrated by the referee's decision after Van Hecke goes down when the pair contest for a loose ball inside Brighton's defensive third. The Seagulls restart with a free-kick as this game continues to improve.
WIDE! Bowen leads a counter-attacking charge before sliding down the left for Benrahma, who cuts inside a wall of Brighton defenders before curling a right-footed whipped attempt just wide to Steele's left. It is much better from the Hammers after their slow start.
West Ham's defence back off and invite Buonanotte to take a long-range strike. The Brighton attacker duly obliges but slices a woeful left-footed effort well over Areola's target.
West Ham have won their last three home games in all competitions by an aggregate score of 7-0. They last won four in a row on home soil without conceding within the same season back in October/November 1994 (a run of five). It has been a slow start from both sides to this one, though.
It will be an interesting half-time break for Moyes and De Zerbi if this game remains level. Neither side has been exceptionally poor, in the same way neither has been incredibly attractive in their play. It has hardly been a spectacle for the neutral, put it that way!
GOOD SAVE! Milner is afforded too much room from the left flank and curls an inviting cross towards the penalty spot. Gross is completely unmarked, with the freedom to pick either corner, but heads straight at Areola, who makes a fine reflex stop to keep the scores level.
Fornals, Emerson and Benrahma all try and fail with crosses from either flank. Van Hecke is the main defender, heading away with ease in front of Soucek and Bowen. Moyes needs more quality from his attacking players to create a chance.
Buonanotte hacks through the back of Fornals and is perhaps fortunate to escape a caution for what was his second foul in this game. West Ham will have a free-kick to end this half, with just one minute of additional time indicated.
Close! Ward-Prowse delivers the deep free-kick towards the left of the area, where Emerson volleys back across goal. Mavropanos and Bowen both line up for a tap-in but the pair miss the low cross before Brighton hook a clearance away.
HALF-TIME: WEST HAM 0-0 BRIGHTON
It has been a slow opening 45 minutes at London Stadium, where West Ham and Brighton head in goalless at the break. Ward-Prowse was thwarted by Steele with the Hammers' best first-half chance, while Areola denied Hinshelwood and Gross from close range with two fine stops. As it stands, the two European contenders are cancelling one another out with improvements needed from both sides after half-time.
West Ham and Brighton have mustered just 0.74 expected goals (xG) between them, with the Seagulls' 0.56 shading the comparison owing to Gross' headed chance towards the end of the half. De Zerbi's men have seen a lot of the ball, too, but have done little with it and could introduce teenage star Ferguson from the bench for a much-needed attacking spark. Moyes' side, who are missing Kudus and Paqueta, must find a way to impose more control on this Premier League encounter if they are to challenge in the next period.
The ball is rolling once again at London Stadium as the second half gets underway!
West Ham have won each of their last three Premier League games that have been level at half-time, while Brighton lost their last such league game against Arsenal in December (a 2-0 loss).
Johnson continues to occupy an inside position from right-back, allowing Fornals more space out wide. The tactical nuances are perhaps more what may be expected from De Zerbi, whose side look assured in possession without threatening Areola's goal too often.
Buonanotte commits his third foul of the game by pulling on the arm of Soucek, who dwells on the ball for too long before winning a cheap free-kick. The Brighton youngster cannot be too far off a caution if his cynical efforts continue.
Kudus has scored more home goals in all competitions than any other West Ham player this season (nine). The last player to score 10+ home goals in their first season with the Hammers was Teddy Sheringham in 2004-05. The Ghana midfielder, who had to leave for the Africa Cup of Nations, has been a sore miss for Moyes' side.
Handball? Hinshelwood enjoys another foray forward from right-back and his low cross strikes the sliding Emerson. Brighton appeal for handball and a penalty but the referee and then the VAR allow play to go on.
GOOD STOP! Joao Pedro ghosts through the West Ham midfield before offloading to Buonanotte, who prods to his left inside the area. Welbeck whips a first-time right-footed effort that Areola parries away before Brighton fail to capitalise on a follow-up opportunity.
Bowen loses out to Van Hecke but recovers with a sliding tackle to dispossess Buonanotte, who takes an age through the middle in possession. This is a scrappy affair, but can one side find the much-needed opening goal?
Fornals has space towards the right of the area and ignores the crossing options, instead shooting straight at Steele with a low left-footed drive. Moyes' side look somewhat out of ideas in attack.
WHAT A CHANCE! Buonanotte rolls into the left flank for Joao Pedro, who coasts past a couple of West Ham defenders and sends Alvarez to the floor on his burst towards the penalty spot. The former Watford forward creates his own chance out of nothing but powers a right-footed effort straight at Areola, who parries down to save before claiming the rebound.
BIG MISS! Benrahma capitalises on a loose ball on the left flank, powering a cross straight at Bowen, who chests towards the back post. Soucek is ready and waiting but can only prod a right-footed poke wide to Steele's right. A great chance goes begging for the Hammers.
Mavropanos launches long for Bowen to chase, and he duly obliges by beating Van Hecke in a race before slamming a cross against the Brighton defender to win a corner. What an effort by the former Hull City forward, who creates a chance for Ward-Prowse to deliver.
Steele claims Ward-Prowse's right-sided corner with two hands, ushering the challenging West Ham attackers out the way. Mavropanos and Ogbonna will have to return to the centre of defence after that set-piece opportunity comes to nothing.
Welbeck has scored more Premier League goals against West Ham than he has against any other opponent (six). However, five of his six goals against them have come in home games. The former England striker has been largely a spectator thus far.
Brighton are upping the pressure as Joao Pedro curls towards the back post, where Hinshelwood's redirected header fails to find a team-mate. West Ham must come through this period unscathed.
Having failed to leave his mark, Welbeck is withdrawn for Ferguson in a like-for-like swap up top. What an option for De Zerbi to have off the bench.
SO CLOSE! The Seagulls are in complete control as Milner and Gross dictate play from outside the area. Ferguson then creates a shooting opportunity, flicking past Alvarez to make space for a left-footed volley that he drags just wide of the right-hand post from inside the West Ham box. Almost an instant impact from the substitute!
Paqueta has been involved in five goals in his last four Premier League home games (one goal, four assists), as many as in his first 21 appearances at the London Stadium (two goals, three assists). What a miss the injured Brazilian has been for Moyes here.
Ward-Prowse hangs a right-footed cross towards the back post that Johnson immediately volleys across the face of goal. Steele is the quickest to react, though, as the Brighton goalkeeper sweeps up the danger at his near post.
Moyes makes his first change of the game by sending on Mubama for Benrahma. That substitution will likely see Bowen move to his favoured right-wing position to cater for the striker’s introduction.
Prior to Mubama's introduction, Webster goes down and requires medical attention. De Zerbi is already without the injured Igor and suspended Dunk, so needs the English defender to be fine to continue.
Webster, who has only just returned to fitness, is unable to continue with injury. De Zerbi brings the centre-back off for Moder. It will be interesting to see how Brighton cover the defender’s absence with another makeshift addition to their line-up.
Buonanotte, who is the fourth different teenager to create at least three chances in a Premier League game this season after Rico Lewis, Alejandro Garnacho and Matheus Franca, also makes way for the more experienced option of Lallana.
Owing to Webster's injury, it appears De Zerbi has entrusted Hinshelwood with a move from right-back to the centre of defence alongside Van Hecke. The versatile Brighton midfielder has been asked to do a number of positional tasks during his time under the Italian, who clearly has a lot of faith in him.
Brighton have kept just three away clean sheets in the Premier League since the start of last season, beating West Ham 2-0 in August 2022, Bournemouth 2-0 in April 2023 and Arsenal 3-0 in May 2023. The Seagulls appear on course for a rare shutout here, unless there is some late drama.
WIDE! Not for the first time in this game, Gross goes close with a header. Milner stands up an inviting centre towards the penalty spot, where the Germany midfielder nods a tame effort just wide to Areola's right.
Brighton have scored more goals via substitutes than any other Premier League side this season (12). Can one of De Zerbi's changes make the difference here?
Lallana makes a good run down the right-hand side before angling a low cross towards the near post, from which Ferguson attempts a cute flick-on. Ogbonna and Mavropanos are equal to the task, though, as the pair block before the Italian defender clears long.
This is the first time Areola, having been forced into six stops this game, has made at least five saves in a home Premier League match for West Ham since September against Manchester City (10). That shows the dominance of Brighton so far, albeit without reward.
Moder has tons of time on the right-hand side to swing a fine cross towards the near post. Gross throws himself at the delivery but cannot reach it as Areola and the West Ham defence escape without punishment.
Johnson, on his first Premier League start of the season, has an issue in the far corner and needs some medical attention from the West Ham staff. It looks like a touch of cramp, which Moyes will hope the right-back can battle through to finish this game that remains level heading into the final minutes.
OVER! Milner has space on the left flank from Lallana's throughball and delivers a curling cross towards the penalty spot. Gross cannot make the required contact but the loose ball falls to Moder, who can only blaze over at the back post when unmarked. De Zerbi drops to his knees on the touchline after yet another Brighton miss.
No other player at London Stadium has had more shots than Ferguson (three), who was only introduced to the game in the 67th minute. Can the Brighton forward find a decisive late goal?
WHAT A STOP! London Stadium erupts with frustration as Gross is afforded too much room to roll through the middle for Lallana. The former Liverpool midfielder spins on the edge of the area before his whipped right-footed strike is pushed away by a diving Areola, who keeps West Ham in this clash once again with his seventh stop of the game.
There will be at least five additional minutes to end this game as West Ham continue to cling on in the face of a stream of Brighton attacks.
Ferguson needlessly clips the ankles of Ogbonna, who races out of defence before winning a cheap free-kick inside West Ham's half. This game will likely end as a goalless draw, which would represent Brighton's first clean sheet of the season.
It has been over 30 minutes since West Ham last attempted a shot in this game. This has been a turgid end to this clash from the Hammers.
Estupinan bursts down the left flank before standing up a delicate cross that Hinshelwood heads straight at Areola. That will be game over at London Stadium.
FULL-TIME: WEST HAM 0-0 BRIGHTON
Despite dominating for large parts at London Stadium, Brighton settle for a goalless draw with fellow top-six hopefuls West Ham in the Premier League. Areola was forced into some eight saves, his most in a league home game since making 10 against Manchester City in September, as the Seagulls controlled proceedings on the road. Substitute Ferguson went close, as did Gross on two occasions, while Moder blazed over a great opportunity towards the end of the second half. As for the Hammers’ attacking chances, Ward-Prowse was denied in the first half by Steele, while Soucek prodded wide after the interval. Moyes will see it as a good point, although this marks a first clean sheet of the season for De Zerbi’s visitors, who move up to seventh in the league table and one place behind the hosts. Both sides now take a break from league action to take part in the FA Cup third round, in which West Ham host Bristol City on Sunday, while Brighton visit Stoke City the day before. That is all for now, until next time – goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League fixture as Wolves host Everton at Molineux!
Wolves are looking to end 2023 with three successive wins after impressive victories over Chelsea and Brentford across the festive period lifted Gary O'Neil's men to 11th in the Premier League table. Having seemingly left any fears of a relegation battle behind, Wolves are looking to extend their unbeaten run at Molineux to eight league games, with the likes of Manchester City, Aston Villa, Newcastle United, Tottenham and Chelsea all failing to win on the ground since the end of September.
Everton, by contrast, suffered back-to-back losses either side of Christmas, though there were positives for Sean Dyche to take from those games as the Toffees pushed Tottenham close before squandering a 1-0 lead in Wednesday's 3-1 loss to Manchester City. With Luton Town suffering a spirited 3-2 defeat against Chelsea in Saturday's early game, Everton – who would be one point above their hosts if not for their 10-point deduction for breaching the Premier League's financial rules – have a chance to pull four points clear of the bottom three.
WOLVES (3-4-3): Jose Sa; Maximilian Kilman, Craig Dawson, Toti Gomes; Nelson Semedo, Joao Gomes, Tommy Doyle, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Hwang Hee-chan, Matheus Cunha, Pablo Sarabia.
WOLVES SUBS: Matt Doherty, Santiago Bueno, Boubacar Traore, Pedro Neto, Hugo Bueno, Sasa Kalajdzic, Dan Bentley, Jean-Ricner Bellegarde, Joe Hodge.
EVERTON (3-4-3): Jordan Pickford; Michael Keane, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite; Nathan Patterson, James Garner, Amadou Onana, Vitalii Mykolenko; Jack Harrison, Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Dwight McNeil.
EVERTON SUBS: Arnaut Danjuma, Joao Virginia, Beto, Andre Gomes, Ben Godfrey, Seamus Coleman, Youssef Chermiti, Mackenzie Hunt, Lewis Dobbin.
O'Neil makes two changes to the Wolves side which won 4-1 at Brentford on Wednesday. Dawson returns after missing that game with a cut to his knee as Santiago Bueno drops to the bench, while Doyle comes into midfield with Mario Lemina absent following the death of his father this week. Traore is back among the substitutes after being ill over the festive period, while Neto is still awaiting his first minutes since suffering a hamstring injury in October, having been an unused substitute last time out.
Everton's starting lineup also shows two changes to that which lost to City in midweek, with Beto and Andre Gomes dropping to the bench. Calvert-Lewin and Keane are introduced, and it looks like Dyche will match O'Neil's 3-4-3 system for this one. Abdoulaye Doucoure, Idrissa Gueye and Ashley Young are all absent for the Toffees.
Wolves are unbeaten in their last seven Premier League home games (four wins, three draws), last having a longer run without defeat at Molineux between January and August 2019 (10). Will they maintain their fine form on their own turf? We're about to find out – kick-off is rapidly approaching!
We're under way at Molineux for the final time this year as Everton get the ball rolling, donning an all grey change kit for their last outing of 2023!
CHANCE! Hwang makes an excellent run in behind the Everton backline to pick up possession on the left side of the box. He turns Keane inside-out before cutting back for Cunha, but Branthwaite makes a vital last-ditch clearance to stop the Brazilian from turning home! Bright start from the hosts!
Hwang stayed down in the aftermath of that early chance, but the South Korean is now up and moving freely. It's a big boost for Wolves to have him fit for this game, after he was forced off with a back injury at Brentford. He'll be leaving for the Asian Cup after this match.
Wolves have won four of their last five Premier League games against Everton (one draw), as many victories as they managed in their previous 21 league meetings with the Toffees (eight draws, nine losses). A late header from Kalajdzic decided the reverse fixture at Goodison Park, with O'Neil claiming his first victory as Wolves boss by a 1-0 scoreline in August.
Applause breaks out at Molineux in the fifth minute as fans show their support for the team's number five Lemina. He's not involved here following the death of his father yesterday, and the Wolves players are wearing black armbands to mark his loss.
WHAT A CHANCE FOR WOLVES! HOW IS IT NOT 1-0? McNeil sees a wide free-kick headed clear and Wolves break at devastating speed, with Cunha slipping Hwang through on goal. He has the chance to shoot left-footed but instead sits Pickford down, only to take one touch too many and be crowded out by grey shirts.
That was a huge chance for Hwang, who was unusually hesitant to pull the trigger. He already has 10 Premier League goals this season following his brace at Brentford last time out.
Patterson skips infield to play a neat give-and-go with Calvert-Lewin, but Wolves get numbers back and Tarkowski's eventual ball into the box is easily dealt with by Doyle. It's been a rather scrappy opening to this game.
Sarabia, Semedo and Hwang are all involved as Wolves look to build down their right flank, but the latter gifts possession back to Everton with a slack pass. Joao Gomes then recovers it for Wolves and is fouled by his opposite number Onana.
WIDE! Joao Gomes steals possession from Garner and Wolves quickly work it to Cunha. He shoots early from all of 25 yards out, and it just dips wide of the bottom-right corner with Pickford scrambling across.
Wolves are showing some neat touches here without quite finding the final product in attack, while Everton still look to be getting to grips with this back-three system. The Toffees attempt to break through Calvert-Lewin, but Dawson stops him in his tracks with a firm challenge.
Now Mykolenko is forced into action by Sarabia, sliding in with a well-timed challenge to stop the Spaniard in his tracks just inside Everton's area – he had to get that one right!
Everton threaten as McNeil skips through the Wolves midfield before looking to play in Calvert-Lewin, but he just gets too much on his throughball, allowing Sa to claim it.
There's a brief moment of concern for Everton with Tarkowski down on his haunches. He looks to be holding his chest, but he's soon back up and looks okay to continue.
Wolves aren't happy as Semedo looks to break beyond Mykolenko, who appears to grab the wing-back's arm and send him to the turf. The referee declines to award a free-kick, as Semedo may not have kept his heavy touch in play anyway.
Wolves have managed 10 touches in Everton's area so far, with the Toffees only recording one at the other end. McNeil sets his sights from range, but he sends his powerful 25-yard effort comfortably over Sa's crossbar.
Patterson receives the first yellow card of the game, having impeded Joao Gomes to stop a flowing Wolves move. Everton were in danger of being caught short there following some good play by Cunha, so their right wing-back took one for the team.
Semedo wins the first corner of the game on the Wolves right. Sarabia swings it into the area… where Dawson flicks it off Tarkowski and behind for another set-piece.
GOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLLL! KILMAN PUTS WOLVES 1-0 AHEAD! Everton deal with the second Wolves corner, but not the subsequent ball back into the area from Cunha. Pickford makes a fine reflex save to deny Dawson's attempt, clawing it off the line, but Kilman is there to prod home the rebound and open the scoring! The Wolves captain then holds Lemina's shirt aloft as the hosts celebrate – a classy gesture.
That was just Kilman's second Premier League goal, and both have come against Everton!
CHANCE! That's as close as Everton have come! McNeil finds a pocket of space, turning to play Calvert-Lewin in down the right-hand channel. The angle is tight, and the striker has to flick it over Sa, but it just drifts across goal and away with no team-mate there to attack it.
Wolves have now scored in each of their last 17 Premier League home games – they last had a longer scoring streak at Molineux in the top flight between April 1965 and April 1968 (22 games).
CLOSE! Cunha drives upfield for Wolves again before offloading for Doyle. He feeds his pass out to Semedo, who flashes the ball across the face of goal, and Sarabia is just unable to get a touch! Another good chance for the hosts.
Kilman is perhaps fortunate to win a free-kick near his own corner flag, having gone down easily under pressure from McNeil.
There's a slight concern for Everton as Onana goes down with nobody around him inside his own half. He's quickly back to his feet, but he seems to be moving somewhat awkwardly.
This is the eighth consecutive calendar year in which Everton's final league game is away from home. They're unbeaten in their last four, beating Newcastle United in 2019, Sheffield United in 2020 and drawing with Chelsea and Manchester City in 2021 and 2022 respectively.
Everton are enjoying a more sustained spell of possession now, with Wolves seemingly happy to sit off a little more after opening the scoring. The Toffees are moving it well without really making any headway.
Semedo slips a neat pass down the line for Cunha, who drives a low cross into the area. Tarkowski flicks out a heel and diverts it towards the edge of the box, where Sarabia is penalised for a foul on Keane.
Onana is down again, and this could spell the end of his involvement. It seems he was caught on the heel by Semedo a few minutes ago, and Dyche now has Andre Gomes out warming up.
Onana goes off the pitch after receiving treatment, but the Belgian will re-enter the fray to give it another go. Dyche will be desperate to avoid losing his influential midfielder.
Hwang darts down the left flank to latch onto Toti's clearance, getting there ahead of Tarkowski before being fouled from behind by the former Burnley man. Wolves get a free-kick near the corner flag, with Sarabia stood over the dead ball.
Sarabia's deep cross is punched clear by Pickford, who takes out his own team-mate Branthwaite in the process. Hwang is then penalised for a foul as Everton get a free-kick inside their own half.
Ait-Nouri is booked for delaying the restart as Everton attempt to take a right-wing throw-in. He's the first Wolves player to see yellow.
Everton look to break down their right flank after Ait-Nouri cedes possession, but Calvert-Lewin overhits his pass for Harrison, and it runs out for a throw. The visitors are yet to record a shot on target.
Good goalkeeping! Pickford has to remain alert to prevent Hwang reaching a long ball over the top, dashing off his line to make a crucial clearance near the edge of his own box. Hwang has made plenty of theatening runs in behind the Everton backline so far.
We're into a minimum of four minutes of stoppage time at the end of this opening period.
Chance… but the flag is up! Onana plays a lovely ball in behind Dawson, sending Calvert-Lewin clean through. However, the striker makes a meal of the chance, inviting Sa to smother the ball with an awkward touch, then the flag goes up against him anyway.
Everton win a corner on their left-hand side, which is delivered deep towards Branthwaite at the back post. He causes something of a scramble with his header across goal, but Toti is eventually able to hammer a clearance upfield. Wolves are closing in on half-time with a one-goal lead.
Calvert-Lewin catches Dawson with a trailing arm as the pair compete in the air. The incident provokes something of a scuffle between Doyle and McNeil, and the Wolves man is booked.
McNeil is also booked for his role in that altercation.
HALF-TIME: WOLVES 1-0 EVERTON.
It's half-time at Molineux, and Kilman's goal is the difference after 45 minutes as Wolves lead Everton 1-0. The hosts started brightly with Everton seemingly struggling to adjust after switching to a three-man backline, with Hwang failing to get a shot away when clean through early on before Cunha fired just wide from range. The home side went ahead through their captain in the 25th minute, Kilman steering home the rebound after Pickford clawed Dawson's lunging effort off the line. Wolves have failed to really threaten since then, but Everton are yet to manage a shot on target. Dyche will demand more from his side after the restart, while O'Neil will be hoping for a repeat of an enterprising first 25 minutes from his men. Stay tuned for the second half!
Cunha, Sarabia and Hwang have shown some bright flashes for Wolves, each attempting three dribbles – a joint-high tally among all players on the pitch. The former pair have each played 10 passes in the final third, more than anyone else, and O'Neil will be hoping they can continue to drag Everton's defence around after the break. Wolves also still have Neto in reserve, and he will be desperate to make an impact if called upon after two months on the sidelines.
Wolves get the ball rolling again for the second half, with no half-time changes made by either manager.
Wolves have avoided defeat in their last six Premier League matches when scoring the opening goal, though their last such loss did come when they last hosted a Merseyside club, going down 3-1 against Liverpool in September.
Almost! Dawson's sliced clearance is flicked wide by Sarabia, bringing Semedo into the game. He mishits his cross from the right, but it almost dips over Pickford and into the far corner, just fading wide of the post!
Onana looks to have recovered from his earlier injury scare. He plays a pass wide to Patterson, whose cross is sliced up in the air by Toti, forcing Sa into an unconvincing punch. Joao Gomes follows up to complete the clearance.
Danger! A deep Everton free-kick causes carnage in the Wolves area, with Doyle and Dawson both going to ground to block close-range efforts – the latter taking Tarkowski's blast directly in the face. There are muted handball appeals from the travelling fans, but not from the Everton players.
Everton have lost all eight of their Premier League matches when conceding first this campaign. Can they fight back here?
Wolves come forward as Cunha drives into the box on the left before seeing a low cross cleared. It drops to Ait-Nouri, who hammers a volley goalwards but sees it crash off a grey shirt. It's been an end-to-end start to the second half.
GOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! CUNHA MAKES IT TWO! It's a flowing move from the hosts as Sarabia drives infield from the right before slipping a pass between Branthwaite and Keane, finding Hwang running in behind. He cuts the ball across the face of goal, leaving Cunha with the simplest of finishes at the far post! 2-0 to Wolves!
Wolves' leading goalscorer helps himself to an assist, Hwang putting it on a plate for strike partner Cunha!
It had been a bright start to the second half for Everton, but Wolves look energised by that second goal, knocking the ball around neatly in midfield.
Wolves almost break through on goal again as Joao Gomes finds the run of Ait-Nouri with a terrific line-breaking pass, but the Algeria international sees his pass out towards Cunha cut out by a sliding Branthwaite. Good defending!
Cunha now has six Premier League goals for the season, with Hwang also on 10. Wolves didn't have a player score more than the Brazilian across the entirety of 2022-23, with Daniel Podence and Ruben Neves netting six apiece.
POST! A mix-up between Tarkowski and Keane gifts Hwang possession, and the South Korean sits his marker down before giving Pickford the eyes and looking for the near post with his powerful strike. The goalkeeper gets a slight touch, and it crashes behind off the upright! So close to 3-0!
GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLL! DAWSON WITH THE THIRD! Now Wolves have another! Everton deal with the hosts' corner from the left, but Ait-Nouri stops Calvert-Lewin's break with a fine challenge before offloading to Cunha. The Brazilian swings in a cross, and Dawson gets across his man to prod into the bottom-left corner, wrongfooting Pickford! Everton truly have a mountain to climb now at 3-0 down!
Cunha has been truly electric in this game, and the former Atletico Madrid man now has a goal and an assist to his name! He also played a prominent role in the opener!
There was a brief VAR check for offside against Dawson, but it was swiftly cleared, much to the delight of the Molineux crowd!
Dyche responds to Wolves' third goal by making two changes. Coleman is on for Patterson in the first of those.
Andre Gomes replaces Keane as Everton change system.
Everton look to have settled back into their usual 4-5-1 shape now, with Andre Gomes joining Onana and Garner in the engine room. They struggled to adapt to using a back three, with Tarkowski in particular being dragged all over the place from the right side of defence.
Tarkowski goes into the book for an awful challenge on Cunha, clattering the Brazilian from behind on halfway. He got a touch to the ball, but you can't tackle like that in the modern game.
OFF THE POST! McNeil almost gets one back for the visitors! The former Burnley man takes aim from 25 yards out, crashing his left-footed effort off the upright and away! That was a warning for Wolves – Sa wasn't getting there.
Great move! Wolves are enjoying themselves now. Joao Gomes plays a delicate flick into Sarabia, who plays a clever give-and-go with Hwang before feeing it back into the path of Joao Gomes. The midfielder sits Branthwaite down before hammering a shot at goal, but unfortunately for Wolves, it's straight at Pickford!
GREAT STOP! Pickford denies Wolves a fourth! Cunha plays a great throughball into the path of Hwang, who shoots first-time across goal, looking for the bottom-left corner. Pickford makes a brilliant reflex save, throwing out a fingertip to tip it wide! Everton are so open at the back!
BALL IN THE NET, BUT THE FLAG IS UP! Cunha teases another great ball in behind Everton's inexplicably high line, allowing Hwang to race through one-on-one. He makes no mistake, opening his body before bending a shot into the bottom-left corner, but the assistant raises his flag and replays show he was narrowly ahead of the last man. Unlucky!
O'Neil turns to his bench for the first time. Ait-Nouri was booked earlier on, and he will be replaced at left wing-back by Hugo Bueno.
Dyche is making another double change. Beto replaces Calvert-Lewin, who has struggled in attack.
Perhaps more surprisingly, the lively McNeil trudges off. Danjuma takes his place out wide.
Sarabia pops up on the edge of the box as Wolves look for a fourth, and the Spaniard's shot deflects wide off Tarkowski for a right-wing corner. Sarabia delivers well from the set-piece, but no gold shirt is attacking it as Onana heads away.
Wolves have now scored 30 goals in the Premier League this season. They only managed 31 throughout the entirety of last campaign! Their attacking improvement under O'Neil has been huge.
Hwang turns his marker with ease on halfway to set Wolves off on another menacing attack. The South Korean spreads it wide for Hugo Bueno, who has Cunha and Sarabia to aim for in the centre, but Branthwaite is there to snuff out the danger. Everton have really struggled with the pace and power of Wolves' front three.
A big cheer goes up around Molineux as the home fans notice Neto stripped and ready to enter the action after two months out! Only Kieran Trippier and Mohamed Salah have matched his seven Premier League assists this season.
Neto replaces Cunha, who gets a standing ovation after an excellent performance.
Sarabia also gets a breather, with Bellegarde on for the final 10 minutes.
Wolves are winless in their final league game in each of the last four calendar years (one draw, three defeats). That run looks set to end here, unless Everton can produce a remarkable comeback in the next few minutes.
Joao Gomes goes down in midfield as Doyle puts the ball out of play for his team-mate to receive treatment from the medical staff.
Doherty is also on, replacing Semedo in a straight swap at right wing-back.
Joao Gomes is back on his feet and moving freely, but O'Neil opts to withdraw the Brazilian anyway. Traore takes his place for the final five minutes plus stoppage time.
Everton had won just two of their last 10 away league games against Wolves before this one (four draws, four defeats), winning 3-0 in April 2011 and 2-1 in January 2021. The Toffees have endured another miserable trip to the West Midlands here.
Everton are still yet to manage a shot on target in this game as we enter the final two minutes of the 90. Dyche's men simply haven't done enough in the final third, while their most lively forward player – McNeil – was withdrawn after Wolves went 3-0 up.
OVER! Traore skips past Garner in midfield before releasing Neto into the left-hand channel. Sensing a dream return from injury, the Portugal international drives into the box before letting fly, but his shot spirals over the crossbar and into the South Bank behind the goal! He should have done better.
We will have a minimum of NINE added minutes here. Nobody is entirely sure where that figure has come from!
Wide! Everton are still yet to record a shot on target as Harrison drives into the area before shooting low, but his effort fades away from Sa's goal to ironic cheers from the home fans. It really hasn't been the Toffees' day.
THE BALL IS IN THE NET AGAIN, BUT IT WON'T COUNT! Wolves are denied a fourth goal by the linesman once again, much to the relief of Coleman and Pickford! Coleman dwells on the ball under pressure from Hugo Bueno before playing an awkward back pass to Pickford, who sees his return ball picked off by Wolves. Hwang squares for Neto to side-foot home before wheeling away in celebration, but the flag spoils the hosts' fun – Hwang was offside in the build-up!
Bellegarde screams in pain as he goes down under Branthwaite's challenge. The Everton defender seemed to accidentally step on his opponent's foot. There's nothing doing, and the Frenchman is soon back to his feet.
Everton play themselves into trouble once again as Coleman gifts possession to Bellegarde inside the his own box. His dinked cross is headed up in the air by Branthwaite, then Coleman chests Doherty's second delivery behind for a late corner.
Wolves fail to make anything of the corner, but they won't care. The final whistle makes it three successive wins for O'Neil's team!
FULL-TIME: WOLVES 3-0 EVERTON.
The full-time whistle sounds at Molineux as Wolves cruise to a third win in six days, crushing Everton 3-0! The hosts started brightly and took the lead after 25 minutes as Kilman prodded home following a scramble inside Everton's six-yard box, and in truth, the Toffees never looked likely to mount a comeback, failing to record a single shot on target. Cunha made it 2-0 eight minutes into the second half, slamming Hwang's cutback into the roof of the net from close range, then the Brazilian turned provider for the third as Dawson turned his left-wing cross home. Hwang and Neto both had goals disallowed for offside in the closing stages, but O'Neil won't mind with his team now up to 28 points from 20 games following a very productive festive period! They stay 11th in the Premier League table, level with Chelsea in 10th, while Everton remain just one point above the relegation zone. That's all from Molineux, so thank you for joining us and Happy New Year!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Bournemouth and Liverpool at the Vitality Stadium.
Bournemouth are one of the form sides in recent weeks in the Premier League, winning four straight top-flight games before a 3-1 defeat to Tottenham. The Cherries responded to the latter league loss with a 3-2 comeback victory over QPR at Loftus Road to progress to the FA Cup fourth round, in which they host Swansea City on Thursday after this clash.
Liverpool are flying high at the Premier League summit, having lost just once all season to Tottenham back in September after Joel Matip’s late own goal. The Reds were 2-1 winners against Fulham in their last outing in the first leg of their EFL Cup semi-final, following up a 2-0 victory over Arsenal in the FA Cup third round. Jurgen Klopp’s side have not played top-flight football since January 1, but were 4-2 winners over Newcastle United at Anfield last time out in the league.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Max Aarons, Illia Zabarnyi, Chris Mepham, James Hill; Lewis Cook, Ryan Christie; Luis Sinisterra, Justin Kluivert, Marcus Tavernier; Dominic Solanke.
SUBSTITUTES: Lloyd Kelly, David Brooks, Emiliano Marcondes, Alex Scott, Kieffer Moore, Gavin Kilkenny, Philip Billing, Mark Travers, Ben Greenwood.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Alisson; Conor Bradley, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil van Dijk, Joe Gomez; Harvey Elliott, Alexis Mac Allister, Curtis Jones; Darwin Nunez, Diogo Jota, Luis Diaz.
SUBSTITUTES: Adrian, Cody Gakpo, Ryan Gravenberch, Bobby Clark, Kaide Gordon, James McConnell, Caoimhin Kelleher, Owen Beck, Jarell Quansah.
Andoni Iraola opts for three changes to his starting XI from the Tottenham defeat. Hill comes in for Dango Ouattara, who is away at the Africa Cup of Nations, while Mepham replaces the suspended Marcos Senesi. Adam Smith also misses out entirely as Aarons starts at right-back. Former Liverpool forward Solanke leads the line for the Cherries.
Klopp makes four alterations from the win over Newcastle, with Trent Alexander-Arnold and Dominik Szoboszlai out injured, while Wataru Endo and Mohamed Salah are at the Asian Cup and AFCON respectively. Bradley gets the nod for his first Premier League start, with Elliott, Jota and Mac Allister also returning to the starting XI.
Bournemouth have taken more points from their last eight Premier League games than any other side (19 – W6 D1 L1), while Liverpool rank second for this with 18 points from their last eight (W5 D3). Who will come out on top here? We’re about to find out as kick-off approaches…
Referee Andy Madley gets this Premier League clash underway!
Great start! Kluivert chops and twists into the Liverpool area before Gomez turns behind for an early Bournemouth corner. Tavernier and Cook attempt a short routine before the former forces Konate to hook away for another set-piece.
Tavernier takes the direct approach with the second corner but Liverpool scramble clear at the near post. Solanke then has half a chance inside the area but fails to turn and find a shooting opportunity.
Liverpool have already won at the Vitality Stadium this season, beating Bournemouth 2-1 in the EFL Cup. The last team to beat the Cherries twice away from home in the same season were Bristol City in 1999-00.
A third Bournemouth corner comes as Sinisterra's dancing feet force Bradley into conceding on the left flank. Tavernier again goes short before receiving possession back and sending a cross towards the near post that Alisson pushes behind.
Alisson wastes no time to launch a long kick forward, with four Liverpool attackers chasing before Christie calmly heads back to his goalkeeper Neto. Iraola needs his side to be aware of the counter-attacking dangers the Reds pose with Jota, Diaz and Nunez speeding up top.
Solanke uses his strength to hold Van Dijk out the way before the Liverpool centre-back concedes a free-kick near the halfway line. The Bournemouth striker will fancy scoring against his old club, and has made a positive start in this one.
The hosts beautifully evade a high Liverpool press but Tavernier's diagonal pass to an unmarked Solanke is poor and Alisson collects. Iraola's men breezed past their opponents there before the final ball left them wanting more quality.
Jota is perhaps fortunate to escape an early caution after a late challenge on Christie. Sinisterra then chops past Bradley but runs out of space and the Reds settle for a goal-kick despite their young right-back being exposed there in a one-on-one situation.
Bournemouth have lost all nine of their Premier League games against teams starting the day top of the table, conceding 30 goals and scoring just six. It’s the most such games any team has played in the competition with a 100 per cent loss record, but the hosts have at least started well here.
Klopp's side have just not been able to make any move click so far. A sweeping Mac Allister pass releases Nunez but then both Jota and Elliott fail to beat Bournemouth defenders.
Tavernier picks the pocket of Gomez before angling for Sinisterra, who touches inside for Solanke before the Bournemouth striker's control is too heavy and races through to Alisson. Iraola's men still look the more likely to open the scoring here.
WIDE! Bournemouth invite Mac Allister forward from deep and the midfielder duly obliges, driving towards Neto's goal before drilling a long-range right-footed strike wide to the right. The Argentina international scuffed his effort slightly there.
Mac Allister's long-range effort was the first attempted shot of this game, such has been the attritional nature of a contest played in windy conditions on the south coast. The Bournemouth supporters are getting behind their side, but will be slightly concerned after Mepham pulls Jota back to concede a free-kick in a dangerous central position.
Mac Allister clips a delicate free-kick towards the back post but the delivery is too heavy and Konate can only stretch as it goes out for a goal-kick. Quality remains lacking at the Vitality.
Nunez cuts inside from Konate's diagonal pass but the Liverpool forward hesitates for too long and Christie steps in. At the other end, Bradley continues to leave space for Sinisterra in behind but Bournemouth are yet to capitalise.
SAVE! Another long-range chance for Liverpool, who play quickly through the lines before Nunez smashes a right-footed drive towards the bottom-right corner. Neto watches it all the way and makes a routine save, collapsing onto the ball to ensure there is no rebound opportunity.
Hill and Neto fail to communicate as Diaz lurks in behind, forcing the Bournemouth defender to poke out for Liverpool's first corner of the game. Elliott delivers the right-sided set-piece but Zabarnyi heads away.
A second corner for Liverpool comes in quick succession as Bradley's cross just misses Konate before Mepham bundles behind when under pressure from Nunez. Elliott lands a well-weighted delivery onto the head of Van Dijk, who fails to make any sort of decent contact.
Diaz is making his 50th Premier League appearance here, becoming the eighth Colombian to reach this landmark in the competition. It would be hard to know that the Liverpool winger is playing so far, though, as his involvement has been incredibly limited.
Mepham slides across to deny Diaz a crossing opportunity and the ball strikes back off the Liverpool winger to offer the hosts a goal-kick. The Bournemouth centre-back pairing of Mepham and Zabarnyi have impressed in the opening 30 minutes.
Great feet! Sinisterra evades three or four Liverpool tackles before Konate takes a no-nonsense approach and hooks out for a throw-in. The Bournemouth momentum abruptly ends, though, as Solanke commits a needless foul near the corner.
Nunez is averaging a goal or assist every 93 minutes in all competitions for Liverpool this season (eight goals, 10 assists in 1667 minutes), with only Salah having a better average for the Reds this term (one every 79). Nunez’s next goal will be his 100th in his senior career for club and country, though he has had little in the way of opportunities so far.
CHANCE! The Cherries continue to limit Liverpool to only long-range chances as Diaz bursts forward before drilling a low right-footed attempt straight into Neto's hands. The Bournemouth goalkeeper will not be beaten from that sort of distance.
Play comes to a halt eventually after Kluivert stretches from a challenge with Mac Allister and catches Diaz high on the ankle. The Liverpool winger stays down and requires medical attention, though the referee and the VAR see no need for further disciplinary action.
It is good news for Liverpool as Diaz is back on his feet and fine to continue, while Jones returns to the pitch after a change of boots. Can Klopp's men kick on before half-time?
Another fine Konate pass releases Jota, who spins his marker before his low cross just evades Nunez at the near post. Almost an opening for the Reds, who are in control heading into the break without any reward as of yet.
CLOSE! Fine Bournemouth football creates their first chance of the game. Tavernier slips a delicate no-look pass for Christie, who cuts inside from the right before blasting a low left-footed effort that Alisson saves in the centre of his goal. The Cherries look slick in possession.
Good football! Mepham angles a diagonal pass out for Tavernier, whose first-time header back inside is immediately played over the top by Christie. Kluivert's first effort is blocked on the edge of the Liverpool area before Christie's follow-up shot is again cleared away by Van Dijk.
Iraola gestures to show his unhappiness after Gomez clatters Aarons in an aerial challenge, arriving late and smashing the hosts' right-back to the floor. The Liverpool defender escapes a caution, however.
It is getting slightly frantic at the Vitality as Elliott smashes into Solanke, leaping into the former Liverpool striker to fell him on the halfway line. Referee Madley again gives a free-kick to the home side without any further action.
HUGE CHANCE! Zabarnyi clips a fine pass out to Sinisterra, who bursts inside before finding Kluivert. The Bournemouth winger reaches the byline before his low left-footed cross evades both Christie and Solanke, both of whom fail to make contact at the near post for what looked like a certain goal.
Jota's throughball is behind Diaz, which allows Cook to slice out for a Liverpool corner on the right-hand side. There will be two minutes to end this half, but can Liverpool capitalise from this set-piece chance?
Elliott's corner is once more an inviting delivery, swinging towards the near post as Konate and Hill contest inside the Bournemouth area. The ball cannons off the pair and loops over Neto's target for a goal-kick.
HALF-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 0-0 LIVERPOOL
The half-time whistle sounds on the south coast as Bournemouth and Liverpool remain goalless heading into the break. Nunez, Mac Allister and Diaz have all tested Neto from range, while Christie went the closest for the home side, who did not have their first shot until the 39th minute. Kluivert's tackle on Diaz also raised a few questions as to whether the Cherries should still be playing with 11, yet the referee nor the VAR deemed his lunging foul worthy of even a booking.
This is only the second time a Premier League match between Bournemouth and Liverpool has been level at half-time. The only other time this has happened, the match ended 2-2 in April 2017, the only draw between the two sides in this competition. Iraola and Klopp will both want much-needed attacking improvements in the second half.
We are back underway at the Vitality! Liverpool have scored in the second half in each of their last five Premier League away games this season, after doing so in just two of their opening five such games – can they keep that run up here?
Bradley's lifted cross is cleared at the back post by Tavernier as Jones lurks in search of a shooting opportunity. The Liverpool front three must offer more for the visitors in this second period.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 1-0 LIVERPOOL! A huge moment for the Reds, who open the scoring just minutes into the second half. A lovely passing move from the visitors sees Jota find space on the right-hand side from Jones' offload before the Portugal attacker rolls a pass through for Nunez with his first touch. The Uruguay forward strides into the area before sliding a first-time, right-footed finish into the bottom-right corner, leaving Neto with no chance.
Jones tees up Jota's clever first-time pass for Nunez to burst into space and open the scoring. That was a slick passage of play from the visitors.
Kluivert almost responds immediately for Bournemouth as his right-footed strike deflects off Van Dijk but falls the wrong side of the post, going out for a corner that comes to nothing.
Jota has provided 10 assists in the Premier League for Liverpool, with the opening goal being the first he has provided for Nunez, whose strike marks his 100th goal for club and country.
Penalty? Jota continues to be an influential figure in this second half as he drives forward before going down on the edge of the area when under pressure from Cook and Zabarnyi. The VAR and the referee agree and stick with the original decision of no penalty.
Bradley should score on his first Premier League start! Nunez twists and turns before standing up a lofted cross towards the back post, where Bradley makes a mess of his headed effort and nods wide of the target. What a moment that would have been for the right-back.
GREAT SAVE! Another opportunity for Bradley in a matter of minutes. Elliott's left-sided corner is cleared as far as Bradley, whose left-footed shot goes through numerous bodies before Neto stretches to his left to tip away a fine stop.
Kelly returns to action for Bournemouth after missing the last seven games. The defender replaces the impressive Hill.
Another exciting young talent comes on for the hosts as Scott replaces Sinisterra, likely signalling a move further up the pitch for Christie or a change of formation from Iraola.
Liverpool have won each of their last three Premier League away games, while the Reds last won four in a row on the road in the competition in March 2022. They have kept two clean sheets in these three wins, as many as their previous 14 away league matches beforehand.
Mepham commits a late foul on Jota in front of the technical area of both managers. The Bournemouth centre-back knew what he was doing there, leaving a little on the Liverpool forward.
Liverpool are far from happy with Cook, who clips the heels of Bradley from behind before following through to catch the right-back. The Bournemouth midfielder becomes the first caution of the game.
Solanke, who scored one goal in 21 Premier League appearances for former club Liverpool, has scored in each of his last three home league games (four goals). He could become the first player to score in four consecutive home appearances in the Premier League for Bournemouth, though the striker has been quiet in this game.
Bournemouth players crowd inside the Liverpool area for a corner but Kluivert's left-footed drive is blocked before Alisson is needed to be called into action. Down the other end, Elliott makes a mess of a right-sided cross and slices out for a goal-kick.
Klopp uses a stoppage to make a double change, bringing off Diaz on his 50th appearance in the Premier League for Gakpo.
The second of the two changes sees Gravenberch introduced for Elliott, who has again buzzed around the midfield and offered some much-needed defensive support for young team-mate Bradley.
Tavernier has won six of his six attempted tackles, more than any other player on the pitch. In fact, the most tackles won in a single game this season in the Premier League is seven (Lucas Paqueta v Bournemouth & Neco Williams v Tottenham), meaning Tavernier needs to win just one more to match the 2023-24 record.
Bradley joins Cook in the book after catching Scott with a stray arm in the face near the left-hand touchline. The Liverpool right-back was far too late to be making that sort of tackle.
Referee Madley races over to have a quiet word with Klopp and one of the Bournemouth coaches after tensions threaten to boil over following Bradley's caution. The Liverpool manager appeared unimpressed with the decision, while the Cherries were concerned about the challenge on Scott.
Iraola rolls the dice once more as the Bournemouth manager sends on Brooks for Kluivert, who went close earlier in this half with a blocked shot from a left-sided corner. The Wales winger comes on for his 150th senior appearance.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! LIVERPOOL MAKE IT 2-0! The Reds have dominated the second half and their reward arrives as the away side double their lead. Nunez does well up top to hold off the challenge of Zabarnyi, before Gakpo picks up the loose ball and drives forward. The Netherlands international rolls a delicate pass to his right for Jota, who crashes a first-time right-footed strike in off the near post and past Neto from the right of the area.
Gakpo is immediately involved off the bench, capitalising on some slack Bournemouth defending before teeing up Jota's emphatic finish.
Gakpo dances forward once again before offloading for Bradley, whose chipped cross only finds the hands of Neto. The Liverpool right-back has impressed on his first Premier League start.
Solanke rues a missed opportunity as he fails to control a zipped pass into his feet, with the ball squirming into the reach of Alisson. The Bournemouth striker is yet to show his quality against his former side.
Scott's quick feet draw another foul from Bradley on the left flank, allowing the Cherries a chance to send their defenders forward for a wide free-kick. Cook delivers towards the near post but the ever-reliant Konate heads away the danger.
Great tackle! Konate saves the day for the away side. Aarons cuts inside, leaving both Gomez and Gakpo in his tracks before opting to pass when the better option may have been to shoot. Solanke still tries to make a shooting chance from the offload, but Konate slides in with some last-ditch heroics.
OVER! Mac Allister swings a deep right-sided corner towards the penalty spot, where Jones is completely unmarked. The Liverpool midfielder takes the dropping ball with a first-time strike that sails high over Neto's goal and into the stands.
Van Dijk is tight to Solanke once more, turning behind Tavernier's whipped left-wing delivery for a corner. Cook delivers the set-piece but Konate rises the highest to thump away a header yet again.
GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLL! 3-0 TO THE REDS! That is the three points secured for Liverpool as Jota doubles his account and extends the visitors’ lead further. Nunez bursts down the left flank before his cross flashes across goal and away to the right-hand side. Bradley recycles possession before his low delivery finds Jota, who wildly swings at a first effort before a fortuitous rebound falls back for the Liverpool forward to drive a right-footed strike into the bottom-left corner.
What a first Premier League start for Bradley. The young right-back takes the credit for the assist for Jota's second goal, capping a fine performance after replacing Alexander-Arnold in defence.
Jota has scored and assisted in the same match for the third time for Liverpool in the Premier League, all three instances have been on the road (against Bournemouth, Leeds United and Manchester United). The Portugal attacker has stepped up for his side in Salah’s absence.
Bradley comes off after a remarkable first start in the league. Fellow youngster Beck is the man to replace the right-back.
Keeping the youthful theme, Klopp also brings off Jones for Clark.
A woeful return against his former side comes to an end for Solanke, who is replaced by Moore.
Seemingly out of the game now, Cook also makes way for Billing in midfield.
Moore is furious with the assistant referee after Liverpool are awarded a goal-kick. This has been a second-half masterclass from the Reds.
This could be further bad news for Iraola. Aarons goes down and it looks like it could be his game over. The Bournemouth right-back has his head in his hands, trudging off towards the touchline holding his hamstring, though he comes back on for the time being.
Beck gets involved off the bench, covering across from right-back to turn behind for a corner to the home side. Tavernier's delivery looks good but the Liverpool defence once again clear.
Bournemouth will finish this game with 10 men after Aarons is unable to continue. Iraola has already used all of his chances to make a change, so the Cherries will end a man down after losing their right-back.
WHAT A MISS! That sums up a woeful second half for the hosts. Brooks is sent through one-on-one with Alisson, attempting to chip the Liverpool goalkeeper but slicing a poor left-footed effort wide to the left of goal. The Bournemouth winger had to score there.
There will be eight additional minutes to end this Premier League clash, which has been over as a contest since Jota doubled his account to make it 3-0.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 4-0 LIVERPOOL! The Reds are well and truly on a roll as Nunez becomes the second forward for the away side to grab a brace. Mac Allister clips out to the right for Gomez, whose well-weighted delivery finds Nunez at the back post. The Uruguay forward throws himself at the ball, diverting a first-time left-footed finish in off the right post. What a game for Klopp’s men.
Gomez gets involved in the act as his right-sided cross picks out Nunez, who does the rest from close range.
A wonderful Jota performance comes to an end as the Liverpool forward is replaced by Gordon.
Klopp appears slightly concerned as Konate goes down holding his ankle following a challenge with Moore. The Liverpool centre-back should be fine to continue, however.
WIDE! Clark has a shout for a penalty at one end after a lunging tackle from Mepham but the referee waves play on. Down the other side, Moore races through on goal but slides a right-footed finish from outside the area wide with Alisson stranded. The Bournemouth striker just needed to hit the target there.
Nunez adds a booking to his two goals after barging through the back of Moore. The Liverpool striker protests his innocence but referee Madley will not be fooled by his appeals.
FULL-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 0-4 LIVERPOOL
Liverpool consolidate their position at the Premier League summit after an impressive 4-0 victory over in-form Bournemouth at the Vitality Stadium. The Reds move five points clear of Manchester City, who have a game in hand, while they are as many clear of Aston Villa and Arsenal in a close-run contest from second down to fourth in the league table. The visitors were made to be patient in blustery conditions on the south coast, creating little amid a fairly drab first half that was only of interest due to Kluivert escaping a red card for a lunging challenge on Diaz. Klopp’s men turned on the style in the second period, though, as Nunez opened and closed the scoring either side of a brace for Jota. Salah’s absence was hardly felt by the visitors, who had Jota, Nunez and a fine cameo appearance from Gakpo to thank for a comfortable victory. Liverpool stay ahead of the chasing pack before their next Premier League game at Arsenal on February 4, after an EFL Cup semi-final second leg against Fulham and a FA Cup fourth-round clash with Norwich City. Bournemouth are next against Swansea City in the FA Cup before visiting West Ham on February 1. That is all for now, until next time! Goodbye and thanks for following.
Hello everyone and welcome to live text commentary of the Premier League clash between Arsenal and Crystal Palace at the Emirates Stadium.
Fresh from a break in Dubai following their FA Cup defeat by Liverpool, Arsenal look to end a run of three successive losses. The fourth-place Gunners will be eager to close the five-point gap to Premier League leaders Liverpool, and victory today would lift them to third.
Palace are also struggling for form. The Eagles are 14th in the Premier League - just five points above the relegation zone - and have won just one of their last 11 matches, losing six of those. Although, they are unbeaten in their last three trips to Arsenal under Roy Hodgson.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Kai Havertz; Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Jesus, Leandro Trossard.
SUBS: Aaron Ramsdale, Reuell Walters, Jakub Kiwior, Cedric Soares, Jorginho, Emile Smith Rowe, Eddie Nketiah, Gabriel Martinelli, Reiss Nelson.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-3-3): Dean Henderson; Nathaniel Clyne, Joachim Andersen, Marc Guehi, Tyrick Mitchell; Jefferson Lerma, Chris Richards, Eberechi Eze; Will Hughes, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Jeffrey Schlupp.
SUBS: Sam Johnstone, James Tomkins, Tayo Adaramola, Naouirou Ahamada, David Ozoh, Jairo Riedewald, Odsonne Edouard, Malcolm Ebiowei, Matheus Franca.
Jesus and Zinchenko return from injury for Arsenal, who make four changes from their FA Cup defeat by Liverpool. Raya is back in goal with Ramsdale dropping to the bench, while Trossard is preferred to Martinelli in the front three.
Beaten by Everton in the FA Cup in midweek, Hodgson makes two alterations for today's game. Like Arsenal, one of them comes in goal with Henderson replacing Johnstone, while Mateta leads the attack with Edouard dropping to the bench. Eze makes his 100th Premier League appearance, but Jordan Ayew is away on international duty at the Africa Cup of Nations, with Michael Olise, Rob Holding and Cheik Doucoure also among the absentees.
The teams make their way out onto the pitch. We are edging closer to kick-off in this London derby.
Paul Tierney is our referee today. He blows his whistle and we are under way at the Emirates.
Can Arsenal get back in among the goals at the Emirates? You must go back to 1908 for the last time they lost three successive home matches without scoring.
A vicious cross from the left flank ricochets kindly into the path of Odegaard. However, the Palace defence are quickly out to him, with a combination of Mitchell and Hughes clearing the danger.
Arsenal threaten again as Havertz and Odegaard combine before the ball breaks for Jesus. The striker gets his shot away on the volley, but it is always rising.
Arsenal are aiming to avoid suffering four consecutive defeats for the first time since 2018. Although, the Gunners have made a positive and purposeful start to this contest.
GABRIEL!!! 1-0 ARSENAL! The hosts' positive start pays dividends as they edge their noses in front. The centre-half drifts to meet Rice's deep corner at the far post, before firmly planting his header past Henderson.
Rice delivered an inviting corner to the far post that was begging to be attacked, and Gabriel duly obliged.
Arsenal lead at the Emirates after demonstrating their expertise from set-pieces once more. That is their 12th goal from dead-ball situations in the Premier League this season, more than any other side.
OFF THE BAR! Almost a comical own-goal! Saka's corner ricochets onto the head of Lerma, before flashing dangerously towards the top-left corner. Thankfully for Palace, the woodwork comes to their rescue and the ball bounces away to safety.
Palace look to respond from a free-kick not far inside the Arsenal half. Eze sends the ball into the box towards Richards, but the threat is dealt with fairly easily by the hosts.
Eze is the 19th player to reach 100 Premier League appearances for Palace. The England midfielder is the third-youngest player to reach the landmark for the Eagles after Mitchell and Wilfried Zaha.
Palace have only enjoyed just over 37 per cent of the possession so far, but they have started to settle into their rhythm a bit better over the last few minutes.
Arsenal look to counter with a neat throughball releasing Saka into space down the right. The England winger sends the ball into the box, but Richards is there to clear behind for a corner.
Gabriel, whose goal separates the sides at the Emirates, is up for the corner in search of another. He connects with Saka's delivery, but sends his header well wide of the target on this occasion.
Saka has been directly involved in 15 goals in his last 18 Premier League London derbies, scoring six and assisting nine. Three of those involvements came during Arsenal's 4-1 victory over Palace here last season.
While Premier League London derbies are certainly to Saka's liking, they have not been for Palace. In fact, they have collected just six points in such matches this season, fewer than any other side.
Trossard looks to make something happen as he cuts inside from the left flank and lets fly from distance. However, Clyne does well to stay with him and block his ambitious attempt.
Palace are awarded a free-kick in a decent position after Rice catches Eze late. Slightly right of centre and 25 yards out, this is a good opportunity for the visitors.
After Eze sends his free-kick straight into the wall, Clyne drills the ball towards goal, but a couple of timely ricochets take it away from danger before Arsenal clear.
WORTH A GO! Playing out from the back almost backfires on Arsenal. Raya's clearance goes straight to Lerma, who fires the ball straight back with a fierce volley that the goalkeeper is forced to beat away to safety.
We are into the final 10 minutes of the first half at the Emirates, where Arsenal are still a goal to the good. The hosts have the ball as they look to increase their lead.
Assist Bukayo Ayoyinka Temidayo Saka
OWN-GOAL!!! 2-0 ARSENAL! Once again, Gabriel loses his marker at the far post to meet Saka's corner, before heading in via the back of Henderson's head. Palace are not too happy as they felt White was impeding the goalkeeper, but the goal stands.
Palace have lost their opening league fixture of a calendar year the last eight times it was a London derby. The Eagles have a mountain to climb if they are to end that streak today.
Arsenal want more goals as they force another corner. Zinchenko looks to loop the ball towards the target, but Palace can relax for a moment as it drifts behind.
There is a concern for Palace as Lerma stays down following an aerial challenge with Jesus. The midfielder appeared to land awkwardly and the medical team are on to tend to him.
Lerma eventually returns to his feet and limps towards the touchline. He is back in the action as we enter four minutes of stoppage time at the end of this first half.
GOOD EFFORT! Lerma unleashes another well-struck effort from distance. It is straight at Raya, but the Arsenal goalkeeper has to gather at the second attempt as his palms are stung.
OVER! At the other end, Arsenal look to make it 3-0 before the break. Trossard latches onto a lofted ball into the box and gets a volley away from a tight angle, but cannot keep it down.
HALF-TIME: ARSENAL 2-0 CRYSTAL PALACE
Arsenal lead 2-0 at the Emirates with Gabriel involved in both goals. The centre-half nodded in Rice's corner after 11 minutes, while his header from Saka's delivery ricocheted in off Henderson eight minutes before the break. The Gunners are very much in control at the midway point in the contest.
Although they trail, Palace have actually registered more shots on target (three) than Arsenal (two). However, just one of those has been from inside the box, and the Eagles must generate a greater attacking threat to stand any chance of recovering this deficit.
Arsenal get the ball rolling again in the second half.
The Gunners go straight onto the attack and force a corner. A lengthy spell of pressure culminates in Rice trying his luck from distance, but Henderson collects.
WORTH A TRY! Palace respond and Eze lets fly from distance. There is plenty of venom in his ambitious attempt and Raya is forced to get down and block.
Arsenal counter at the other end and Jesus has plenty of space to run into down the right. He crosses for Trossard, who does not connect cleanly with his first-time shot and Palace survive.
Palace have won just one of their last 12 Premier League away games against Arsenal. The sole success was a 3-2 victory in April 2019, a scoreline they would certainly take right now.
Not since March 1993 have Arsenal lost three successive Premier League London derbies. The Gunners are looking comfortable in possession after the opening 10 minutes of the second half.
The Gunners push for a third goal and Jesus looks to get a shot away from a tight angle, with his attempt deflecting behind for a corner.
TROSSARD!!! 3-0 ARSENAL! What a devastating counter by the Gunners! Raya gathers Hughes' cross following a Palace corner and his quick throw sends Jesus on his way. Suddenly, it is two against one and the Brazil forward sweeps the ball across to Trossard, who steps inside Clyne before firing past Henderson.
Jesus showed great pace to burst away on the counter, while almost demonstrating wonderful vision to pick out Trossard.
Following a VAR check to make absolutely certain, the goal is rightly given and Trossard ends his drought, having failed to find the net in his previous 10 appearances.
Arsenal can smell blood and Trossard is involved in another dangerous attack. However, the former Brighton winger is ruled offside on this occasion.
Desperately seeking a response, Palace are awarded a free-kick just outside the area. Eze whips the ball towards goal, but it is straight down the throat of Raya, who tips over.
To their credit, Palace do not look despondant, despite their three-goal deficit. They are trying to stay positive and seek a route back into the game, but need to find a way of breaking down this stubborn Arsenal defence.
Palace make their first change of the day as Hughes makes way to be replaced by Ozoh.
There is also activity on the Arsenal bench as Arteta makes a double-change. The first sees Trossard given a breather, with Martinelli taking his place.
Smith Rowe also enters the action for the final 20 minutes as Havertz is given a breather.
Palace arrived today having won just one of their last 17 Premier League London derbies away from home. Barring a miraculous turnaround, the Eagles' barren run is set to continue here.
Rice is given a well-earned break by Arteta as Jorginho comes on in the heart of midfield.
Palace make another two changes. The first of these sees Franca come on in place of Schlupp.
Ahamada also comes on for the final quarter of an hour. Clyne is the player to make way.
Palace will be wary at this stage of the game. The Eagles have conceded 11 goals in the last 15 minutes of Premier League matches this season, with only Sheffield United (16) letting in more during this period. Arsenal have also scored 11 times at this stage of matches this term, a tally only bettered by Liverpool (17) and Luton Town (14).
Arsenal attempt to counter again with Martinelli leading the charge. Although Mitchell dispossesses him, the winger quickly regains possession and finds Odegaard, but the latter's shot is blocked.
Jesus, who provided the assist for Arsenal's third goal, is given a breather with Nketiah taking his place up front.
Gabriel, who scored Arsenal's first goal and was instrumental in the second, is unable to carry on after picking up a knock. He limps off to be replaced by Kiwior.
Hodgson is managing his 23rd Premier League game against Arsenal today. Although it has not gone to plan for his side here, it is worth noting he has overseen victories over the Gunners in three different decades.
We are into the final five minutes at the Emirates. Arsenal are looking increasingly comfortable as they get set to return to winning ways.
Another change by Palace. This one sees skipper Guehi make way to be replaced by Tomkins.
Martinelli's cross ricochets kindly for Zinchenko just inside the penalty area. The left-back manages to get a shot away, but it is straight at Henderson.
Palace look to finish strongly as we enter six minutes of stoppage time at the end of this game. Eze's deep corner is met by Richards, but he cannot keep his header down.
MARTINELLI!!! 4-0 ARSENAL! That is the icing on the cake for the Gunners! It is another wonderful counter, too. Saka robs Eze of possession and swiftly finds Nketiah, who threads a neat throughball for Martinelli to run onto. The Brazilian subsequently shows brilliant composure to steer past Henderson.
Nketiah provided a perfectly weighted through pass to release Martinelli in on goal.
MARTINELLI!!! 5-0 ARSENAL! It is quickly turning into a rout! In similar fashion to his first goal, Martinelli is released in behind by a tremendous throughball. This time, Jorginho picks him out down the left and, once again, he neatly slots past Henderson into the bottom-right corner.
Jorginho grabs an assist with brilliant vision to spot Martinelli's run and subsequently pick him out.
FULL-TIME: ARSENAL 5-0 CRYSTAL PALACE
Arsenal end their losing streak in spectacular fashion with a commanding 5-0 victory over Crystal Palace. Gabriel Magalhaes nodded the Gunners ahead in the 11th minute, while his header deflected in off Dean Henderson eight minutes before half-time. Leandro Trossard ended his 10-match goal drought just before the hour mark, while substitute Gabriel Martinelli struck twice in stoppage time to seal the rout. Both sides return to Premier League action in 10 days' time with Arsenal looking to build on their momentum away at Nottingham Forest. As for Palace, who have now suffered seven defeats in 12 games, they will desperately seek a response at home to Sheffield United. Thanks for joining us today. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Brentford and Nottingham Forest.
Brentford are going through a tough run in the Premier League and have lost seven of their last eight games, including all of their previous five. As a result, the Bees have slipped from ninth in the table to 16th and are just three points above the relegation zone. Thomas Frank would have been hoping that the FA Cup third round would have served as a way to turn their form around, but they drew with Wolves before losing 3-2 in extra-time in the replay to extend their dismal run. However, they have been boosted by the return of striker Ivan Toney, who is back after serving an eight-month ban for breaking betting rules. There have been plenty of rumours linking the forward with a move away from the club, with many teams in the Premier League interested in his services, but all the focus today will be around his return to action.
Forest have pulled away from the relegation zone by four points after winning back-to-back games in the Premier League. Fans of the Tricky Trees weren't happy when popular manager Steve Cooper was sacked after their loss to Tottenham, with the club triumphing just once in their last 13 matches under his leadership, but new boss Nuno Espirito Santo has had a positive impact. Forest were unfortunate to lose 3-2 to Bournemouth in his first fixture in charge before successive victories over Newcastle United and Manchester United. They were also in FA Cup action in midweek after coming from two goals down to secure a replay against League One Blackpool. The Tricky Trees were in control after goals from Andrew Omobamidele and Danilo put them ahead, only for Albie Morgan and Kyle Joseph to equal the score for the Tangerines. However, Forest were too strong for their opponents in extra time, with Chris Wood scoring the winner to send them into a tie against Bristol City in the next round.
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Mark Flekken; Nathan Collins, Ben Mee, Ethan Pinnock; Mads Roerslev, Vitaly Janelt, Mathias Jensen, Mikkel Damsgaard, Keane Lewis-Potter; Neal Maupay, Ivan Toney.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Josh Dasilva, Sergio Reguilon, Zanka, Kristoffer Ajer, Thomas Strakosha, Myles Peart-Harris, Myles Peart-Harris, Myles Peart-Harris, Michael Olakigbe.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-2-3-1): Matt Turner; Gonzalo Montiel, Andrew Omobamidele, Murillo, Nuno Tavares; Orel Mangala, Danilo; Nicolas Dominguez, Ryan Yates, Callum Hudson-Odoi; Chris Wood.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Joe Worrall, Neco Williams, Harry Toffolo, Odysseas Vlachodimos, Scott McKenna, Brandon Aguilera, Brandon Aguilera, Jamie McDonnell, Joe Gardner.
Brentford make three changes to the side that lost to Wolves in the FA Cup in midweek. As expected, Toney starts up front and captains the side after serving an eight-month ban for a breach of betting rules. As a result, Dasilva moves onto the bench. Flekken returns in goal, and Pinnock starts at centre-back, with Strakosha and Ajer missing out. New signing Reguilon, who joined on loan from Tottenham, is among the substitutes. Bryan Mbeumo, Kevin Schade and Christian Norgaard are out through injury, with Yoane Wissa, Saman Ghoddos and Frank Onyeka on international duty.
Forest make two alterations to the side that beat Blackpool in the FA Cup. Turner has started the last five matches in the Premier League and comes in for Vlachodimos. There is also a switch at right-back, with Montiel replacing Williams. The Tricky Trees have lots of absentees in the squad, with Divock Origi, Felipe, Anthony Elanga and Morgan Gibbs-White all out through injury. Ola Aina, Ibrahim Sangare, Serge Aurier, Willy Boly, Moussa Niakhate and Cheikhou Kouyate are all missing after being called up to the African Cup of Nations.
Brentford are unbeaten in their last five league meetings with Forest (winning two and drawing three) since a 1-0 home loss in January 2020 in the Championship. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Forest get this Premier League clash under way. Yates with the first kick.
Toney makes his return to Brentford's side following his ban from last season. He’s scored in all three of his league games against Forest, while he’s also scored in each of his last three Premier League games at the Gtech Community Stadium. Despite scoring 20 top-flight goals last season, it will be interesting to see how he does without Mbeumo, Wissa and Schade, who all played alongside him in the attack in the previous term.
GOALLLL! DANILO SCORES! 1-0 FOREST! What a start for the Tricky Trees! Brentford have had most of the possession, but it has been in their own half. Janelt's sliced clearance on the edge of the box is headed away by Mee, with the centre-back playing it straight to Danilo. The Brazilian then takes a touch off his thigh before volleying the ball beyond Flekken.
Forest have won their last two Premier League games, last winning three in a row in the division in May 1999. Away from home, the Tricky Trees could win successive top-flight outings for the first time since April 1995 under Frank Clark (run of four).
Brentford look to respond quickly with a throw-in on the right. Forest clear the danger before Janelt thumps an effort well off target.
Yates comes forward with possession down the right of Brentford's half and is not put under any pressure. He then goes for goal with an effort from range, but he drags his effort well wide of the bottom-left corner.
Forest have gained confidence from their early goal and are playing the ball around with pace inside Brentford's half. Tavares is getting forward at every opportunity but is being forced back.
Damsgaard does well to win a throw-in on the right and takes it quickly, playing it into the path of Janelt. He rolls it across to Mee outside the box, but his ambitious low drive from range is blocked. The Bees are already rushing their chances.
BLOCK! Forest have all the momentum at the moment. Wood does well to retain possession on the left side of the box and waits for support before playing it back to Yates on the edge. His low strike is deflected into the path of Hudson-Odoi, who has his shot from close range blocked. He appeals for handball but nothing is given.
Forest have a corner on the right, with four of their players huddling in the middle to discuss tactics. The cross reaches the head of Yates, but his flick towards the back of the box comes to nothing. Nobody was there to get on the end of it.
Brentford have now gone 10 successive Premier League matches without a clean sheet, since a 2-0 win at Chelsea in October last year. They have only had two shots and must improve if they want to avoid six successive losses.
Mangala is the first player to go into the book after dragging back Damsgaard on the edge of the box. Toney is over the free-kick.
GOALLLL! TONEY SCORES ON HIS RETURN! 1-1! It really couldn’t be anyone but Toney to score for the Bees! He has a free-kick just outside the box on the right and goes low with his effort, curling the ball into the bottom-right corner. There was a large space left by the Forest wall and he makes the most of it!
Tavares is over a free-kick just inside the Brentford half, with Forest loading the box. However, he puts too much height and weight on it, allowing Flekken to catch it with ease.
Toney has only had 11 touches but has scored. He has had an interesting battle with Murillo, who has dealt with his height and physicality well so far.
Brentford are full of confidence. Janelt shows some quick feet to beat a defender down the left before winning a corner. The Bees take it short and work it out to Damsgaard, who drills a cross into the gloves of Turner. He came off his line well to claim it.
Jensen goes short with a throw-in before getting it back from Damsgaard. He takes a touch of his feet before curling an inswinging cross towards Maupay on the left, with his header at the near post deflecting out for a corner.
Toney knocks a header into the path of Maupay, who races into the box to try and get a shot away. However, Murillo matches the run of the striker and uses his strength to push him off the ball.
Mee strolls out of the defence and plays a pass into the path of Maupay, with Omobamidele getting across him to slide it out for a corner. Summer signing Omobamidele scored on his Forest debut in the FA Cup during the week and is trying to prove himself in the competitive squad.
BAR! Brentford go close to taking the lead. Jensen's inswinging cross is knocked across the box by Toney. Yates can't clear it away under pressure, and Lewis-Potter thumps an effort from close range that comes off the underside of the bar before getting cleared away. The referee checks his watch to make sure that the ball didn't go over the line.
Forest's only shot on target was their goal inside three minutes. Elanga has been a big miss for the Tricky Trees, who are struggling to create opportunities to score since conceding. He has four goals and six assists this campaign.
Jensen's long throw-in from the right is headed away by Tavares before it could reach anyone inside the box.
CHANCE! Hudson-Odoi bursts down the left and plays the ball into the path of Mangala, who bursts towards the byline. He cuts it back to Dominguez, but the midfielder takes a heavy touch, allowing Flekken to claim it.
Tavares surges forward from his left-back position and arrives just outside the Brentford box. He has options around him but goes for goal from a distance. His shot moves in the air, but it goes straight at Flekken, who claims it on the second attempt.
Dominguez has possession on the right and he looks to put a cross into the box before sliding a pass into the path of Montiel. The right-back then blasts a cross into the box that is punched away by Flekken.
The game has been paused after Dominguez and Maupay clash heads. The medical teams are on the pitch to assess the players.
Dominguez and Maupay are both back on their feet after their heads collided in Brentford's half. The referee gets the match back under way with Forest in possession.
Damsgaard makes the most of a loose ball on the halfway line and drives forward with the ball before rolling it down the left to Toney. The crowd call for him to shoot at a near-impossible angle, but he goes for a cross. However, it is poor, with the ball going straight out for a goal-kick.
Dominguez has a free-kick on the right, but his cross is poor and Toney heads it away. There will be four minutes of additional time.
Yates is feeling the effects of an early challenge from Mee and hobbles around the pitch before going down. The medical team are on the pitch to treat the captain.
Yates is back on his feet and seems to be walking freely after finding it difficult a few moments ago. He is waiting to be allowed back on the pitch.
CHANCE! Toney gets on the end of a quick throw-in and pokes a pass through to Damsgaard on the byline. He then plays a cutback towards Maupay, but he cannot get a strong contact on his effort and Turner claims.
HALF-TIME: BRENTFORD 1-1 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
Toney scored on his return to Premier League action to cancel Danilo's opener and send Brentford and Forest into the break with the score 1-1. The Bees have lost their last five in the top flight and went behind early on when Danilo thumped a volley from outside the box beyond Flekken inside three minutes. Yates dragged a shot from range well wide of the bottom-left corner, and Hudson-Odoi had an effort from close range blocked before Toney scored. He curled a free-kick around the wall and into the bottom-right corner, with his last goal also coming through a free-kick against the Tricky Trees. Brentford were the better side from that point but couldn't make their dominance count. Lewis-Potter went the closet, thumping the bar with a strike from inside the box.
Forest were the better side in the opening exchanges and gained confidence from Danilo's early opener, but Toney's equaliser forced them to defend for the rest of the half. They have only created an xG (expected goals) of 0.23 from their six shots and are clearly missing Gibbs-White and Elanga, who are usually mainstays in their attack. As for Brentford, the introduction of Toney has given them something to aim for up front, with the striker doing well to hold the ball up as well as move into the channels. Janet has been their busiest player, with the midfielder having 50 touches and 45 passes.
Brentford get the ball rolling again. No changes were made at the break.
Brentford win an early free-kick on the left in a crossing position. Jensen's right-footed ball into the box looks for Mee, but Forest do well to clear it away.
Since their return to the Premier League last season, Forest have conceded 29 goals in 12 away league games against London sides, an average of 2.4 per game. They lost 5-0 against Fulham on their last visit to the capital. They have only conceded one goal, but they are allowing Brentford to regain the momentum after the half-time break. The Tricky Trees keep clearing the ball forward at every opportunity and are not showing much composure in possession.
Danilo goes into the book after a late tackle on Collins. The referee allowed the game to continue before going back to book the Brazilian when the ball went off the pitch.
Damsgaard looks to unleash a quick attack down the right with a ball towards the touchline. Roerslev rushes forward to try and get on the end of it, but Omobamidele gets across to shield it off the pitch.
CHANCE! Brentford almost turn the score around. Toney has the ball on the right and he flashes an inviting cross into the box. Lewis-Potter darts into the box to get on the end of it, but his poked effort goes straight at Turner.
Montiel is the third Forest player to be shown a yellow card after delaying the restart.
WIDE! What an opportunity for Forest. Danilo has a cross on the left blocked by  Roerslev before sliding a low pass into the path of Mangala. He gets a shot away at a tight angle but flicks it wide.
Roerslev bursts down the right after getting on the end of a pass from Toney and plays a cross into Maupay, who commits two defenders before letting it go through to Lewis-Potter. However, he rushes his attempt and scuffs the shot well wide.
GOALLL! MEE SCORES! 2-1 BRENTFORD! The Bees come from behind to take the lead. Jensen's inswinging corner from the right is met by Mee, who rushes towards the near post and powers a header into the top-left corner.
That's a superb cross from Jensen. He knows where Mee is going to run and finds the centre-back perfectly. Mee wants it more than Murillo and gets ahead of the defender to score with his head.
Brentford are in the lead, but Frank will know the job is far from done after previous results this campaign. The Bees have dropped more points from winning positions than any other side in the Premier League this season (20). They’re also one of six teams yet to win when conceding first.
Nuno has seen enough and has decided to make his first change. Yates rushes off the pitch and is replaced by Williams, who will take a more advanced position than usual.
Forest need to improve the quality of their play. Tavares has space and time to deliver a cross into the box from the left, but he cannot get it past Janelt on the edge. Wood, who hasn't had a shot, must be getting frustrated with the lack of service.
GOAALLLL! WOOD SCORES! 2-2! What a response from Forest. Danilo battles well to retain the ball outside the box before rolling a pass into Hudson-Odoi. He shifts possession onto his right foot and curls a cross into Wood, who gets into the middle and heads his downward effort into the bottom-right corner.
What a cross from Hudson-Odoi. His delivery has both pace and accuracy, allowing Wood to simply redirect the ball past Flekken.
Toney goes into the book for a foul on Mangala in the air.
GOALLLL! MAUPAY SCORES! 3-2 BRENTFORD! The Bees take the lead for a second time! Toney switches the ball over to Roerslev on the right, who takes his time before curling a cross towards Maupay just inside the box. He twists past a defender to make space before blasting his effort into the bottom-right corner. There is a VAR check for handball against the striker, but the goal stands.
Roerslev doesn't rush his cross. He asses his options in the middle before floating a cross over to Maupay. The Frenchman thinks quickly to get past his marker before finishing emphatically.
Maupay has scored in three consecutive games across all competitions for the first time since December 2021 for Brighton. It's the first time he's scored in three successive appearances for Brentford since April 2019.
Williams' outswinging corner is headed away by Mee. The ball goes back out to the Wales international on the right, but his second cross is knocked behind.
Brentford make their first two changes. Damsgaard has been energetic in the midfield and is given a rest. Baptiste is on in his place.
Brentford are on their way to their first win in six Premier League outings. Frank wants to protect their lead, so is making a defensive change. Reguilon is on for his debut and replaces striker Maupay.
Forest switch the play over to the right with Williams waiting, who drops it back to Montiel. The Argentina international looks for Wood in the middle, but his cross is poor and Flekken claims it on the ground.
Forest move the ball around quickly on the edge of Brentford's box before Wood's low effort is blocked by Mee. Dominguez and Danilo rush towards the ball in front of the goal but give away a free-kick.
CLOSE! Dominguez fires a pass down the left side of the box to Wood, who uses his strength to protect the ball from a defender before flicking it inside to Mangala. He gets a shot away but blasts his effort wide of the left post.
Brentford are sitting in a low block and are making it difficult for Forest. Hudson-Odoi tries to unlock the defence with some quick feet down the left but is forced to go back before recycling possession.
Baptiste has the ball on the right and he rolls it back to Toney, who lofts a high cross towards the back of the box. Reguilon is there, but he fails to connect with a volley at the far post. The Bees retain the possession, with Jensen curling a shot from range straight at Turner.
Forest make their third change. Montiel is on a yellow card and is coming off for Aguilera.
Roerslev is receiving medical treatment after Tavares accidentally staps on his hand. The Brentford man looks to be in some serious pain.
Brentford make two late substitutions. Lewis-Potter will be disappointed that he failed to score from one of his three shots. He is replaced by Dasilva.
Roerslev cannot continue after picking up an injury a couple of minutes ago and is coming off for Ajer, who is tasked with helping the Bees defend their lead.
There will be 10 minutes of additional time.
Janelt battles to win possession in Forest's half before surging towards the byline. He protects the ball from Williams and then plays it back to Mee.
Toney does brilliantly to control a throw-in before flicking a pass through to Dasilva. He beats a defender down the left on his way to the byline before losing possession to Murillo.
Jensen has a deep free-kick in Forest's half, with Brentford deciding to load the box. He plays a quick pass down the left to Dasilva, who blasts a low cross straight at Danilo and wins a corner.
Jensen has been a threat with his throw-ins and corners but is now on his way off. Yarmoliuk is given the final few minutes to impress.
Forest have possession in Brentford's half, but the chance is gone when Murillo pulls the ball off the pitch in the final few seconds.
FULL-TIME: BRENTFORD 3-2 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
Toney marked his return to the Premier League with a goal as Brentford came from behind to beat Forest 3-2. Danilo opened the scoring with a volley from outside the box inside three minutes, with the Tricky Trees having the best of the early chances. However, Toney announced his return to football after an eight-month absence with an impressive free-kick, curling his low shot from the edge into the bottom-right corner. Lewis-Potter then thumped the bar with a strike from close range before an entertaining second half. Mee powered in Jensen’s corner with his head to give the Bees the lead, with Forest responding soon after. Hudson-Odoi’s inswinging cross from the right found Wood, who planted his downward header beyond Flekken. Mangala then went close before Brentford struck the winner. Roerslev's cross from the right found Maupay, who twisted past his marker on the edge of the box before rocketing his effort into the bottom-right corner. The Bees' first win in six league outings puts them six points ahead of the relegation zone. They go to Tottenham in the top flight for their next match. As for Forest, they travel to Bristol City in the FA Cup. That's all, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Brighton and Wolves at Amex Stadium.
Brighton are unbeaten in their last three Premier League games, drawing with Crystal Palace and West Ham either side of a 4-2 win over Tottenham. Roberto De Zerbi’s side sit eighth in the league table, while the Seagulls were also 4-2 winners in their last outing against Stoke City in the FA Cup third round.
Wolves are riding the crest of a wave, having won their last three Premier League games against Chelsea, Brentford and Everton before defeating the Bees in their FA Cup third-round replay last Tuesday. Gary O’Neil’s side are 11th in the league but would move level on points with Brighton after a victory here.
BRIGHTON (4-3-1-2): Jason Steele; Jack Hinshelwood, Lewis Dunk, Jan-Paul van Hecke, Pervis Estupinan; Pascal Gross, Billy Gilmour, James Milner; Facundo Buonanotte; Danny Welbeck, Joao Pedro.
SUBSTITUTES: Bart Verbruggen, Tariq Lamptey, Adam Webster, Adam Lallana, Jakub Moder, Carlos Baleba, Evan Ferguson, Cameron Peupion, Benicio Baker-Boaitey.
WOLVES (3-4-3): Jose Sa; Max Kilman, Craig Dawson, Toti; Nelson Semedo, Tommy Doyle, Mario Lemina, Matt Doherty; Pablo Sarabia, Matheus Cunha, Pedro Neto.
SUBSTITUTES: Santiago Bueno, Yerson Mosquera, Hugo Bueno, Dan Bentley, Jean-Ricner Bellegarde, Joe Hodge, Harvey Griffiths, Tawanda Chirewa, Nathan Fraser.
De Zerbi makes one change from the goalless draw with West Ham. Webster drops to the bench as Dunk returns from suspension. Lamptey, who has been out with a muscle injury since November, is named among the substitutes.
The headline news for O’Neil’s side is that Neto starts in the Premier League for Wolves for the first time since October 2023 against Newcastle United. He has provided seven assists in his last eight Premier League starts, including in each of his last three in the competition. Doherty and Lemina also come into the starting XI, with Hwang Hee-chan and Rayan Ait-Nouri out on international duty, while Joao Gomes is suspended.
This is Wolves' first top-flight game of 2024 – the third latest a team has played their opening Premier League game of a calendar year (excluding promoted sides), after Portsmouth in 2010 (January 26) and Manchester United in 2000 (January 24). Will there be any signs of rustiness? We’re about to find out with kick-off approaching…
Referee Craig Pawson gets this Premier League game under way!
EARLY CHANCE! Sarabia is immediately involved, breaking through the middle before driving a low left-footed strike that Steele saves by diving down to his left. It's an energetic start from Wolves, who almost score straight from kick-off!
O'Neil's visitors have looked assured in the early exchanges, with Cunha dropping deep to dictate play before Semedo commits a needless foul on Joao Pedro near the left-hand touchline.
Estupinan overlaps Milner before firing a pass into the feet of Joao Pedro, whose right-footed effort is blocked on the edge of the Wolves area. The Brazilian forward is then felled by a late Dawson challenge, offering the hosts a free-kick in a central position.
Hinshelwood's right-sided delivery is flicked on inside the Wolves box but Milner is unable to control at the back post, seemingly surprised by Van Hecke's header towards him. Milner has surpassed Ryan Giggs with his 633rd appearance in the Premier League here, edging ever closer to Gareth Barry’s 653-game record in the competition.
The pressure keeps coming as Gross' left-wing cross finds Welbeck, who is let down by his first touch before Sa collects near his six-yard area. De Zerbi's side are in control but can they make their dominance count?
Toti rises the highest to clear Milner's left-flank chipped cross before Doherty goes down the other end and wins a corner from Dunk's clearance. Sarabia delivers from the right-hand side but swings a woeful set-piece straight out of play. Terrible from the Wolves winger.
OVER! Great football from Brighton as Hinshelwood makes a lovely run inside before offloading to Welbeck, whose right-footed drive is deflected just over for a corner. The Brighton forward will fancy his chances here given he has six goal involvements in eight Premier League starts against Wolves (four goals, two assists), and was one of three players to net a brace in this exact fixture last term as the Seagulls ran out 6-0 winners (also two goals for Gross and Deniz Undav).
OFF THE LINE! Estupinan's right-sided corner causes problems as a flick-on goes all the way to the back post for Buonanotte after Welbeck gets the first contact. The unmarked Brighton youngster stoops to head low past Sa but Doyle is there on the line to hook clear!
O'Neil may be relieved for a quiet passage of play as Cunha's inventive backheel is comfortably claimed by Steele. The game has slowed down somewhat in the last few minutes.
Close! Van Hecke angles a smart pass inside to Gross, who spins and disguises a throughball for Welbeck into the area. Semedon is alert, though, tucking in to shield away before the onrushing Sa pounces on the loose ball.
Brighton had just over 69 per cent of possession across the opening 15 minutes of this Premier League clash. De Zerbi's men remain eye-catching on the ball, but are yet to force Sa into a meaningful save.
A brief stoppage comes as Sarabia stays down following a challenge near the right-hand touchline. The Wolves winger will be fine to continue, though, as the visitors restart with a free-kick at the feet of Doherty.
CLOSE! This is end-to-end stuff at the Amex. Milner is unable to find crossing space as Wolves manage to clear before breaking towards Brighton's goal. Dunk shadows Neto through the middle before the Portugal winger curls a left-footed shot from outside the area narrowly wide to Steele's right. That was so close to the opening goal for the away side.
Wolves have won each of their last three Premier League games, last winning four successive top-flight matches back in January 1972 under Bill McGarry. The Molineux club are playing with real confidence here, too, though this south-coast clash remains goalless for the time being.
Gilmour dances around a few tackles before Lemina trips the Brighton midfielder, offering the home side a free-kick in a promising wide position. Estupinan and Gross debate over who will take this one...
CHANCE! Gross swings a fine left-sided free-kick towards the near post, where Sa and Van Hecke contest in an aerial duel. The Brighton centre-back manages to win the first flick-on but Sa is close enough to deflect over, despite not knowing much about the save.
Since the start of Matchday 16, no side has missed more big chances in the Premier League than Brighton (15, level with Arsenal). De Zerbi needs his side to find a clinical edge if they are to triumph here.
Only Bournemouth (22) and Everton (21) have had more shots from fast breaks than Wolves in the Premier League this season (20). It appears that method on the counter-attack may be O'Neil's best hope of seeing his side test Steele, such has been Brighton's dominance in possession thus far.
WIDE! Another rapid counter-attack almost brings a chance for Wolves. Doyle releases Neto, who paces past Van Hecke before pulling back towards the edge of the area. Sarabia is completely unmarked but drags a left-footed effort wide to Steele's left.
In the build-up to Sarabia's chance, Cunha goes down in the middle after a coming together with Gilmour. The Wolves forward claims obstruction, and suggests the foul was intentional, but the VAR sees no issue with the off-the-ball collision, nor does the referee.
Estupinan remains Brighton's primary attacking threat, being offered so much room down the left-hand side. The left-back has already attempted a game-high six crosses and created two chances, more than any other player on the pitch.
The Brighton faithful are less than impressed after Buonanotte is deemed to have fouled Toti, who rushes forward to intercept near the halfway line before winning a free-kick. The Wolves defence are keeping De Zerbi's attack quiet, but for how much longer can they hold out?
Doherty is forced to guide the ball out for a corner as Hinshelwood presses at the back post from a left-sided cross. Van Hecke and Dunk will once again come up for this one...
Estupinan and Gross hover over the corner before going short. The left-back angles a looping cross towards the far post eventually, though it is far too strong for Dunk, who tries and fails to keep it in when conceding a goal-kick.
Brighton have already attempted 17 crosses in this game, higher than their season average of 15.5 in the Premier League despite playing just under 40 minutes here. There has been no reward for the bombardment of the Wolves area as of yet, though.
Joao Pedro races around Kilman after Welbeck holds up well but the former Watford striker overruns it, failing to get his feet right and giving away a goal-kick instead. Brazil's Joao Pedro has been involved in six goals (5G 1A) in his last eight Premier League appearances but has struggled to make an impact so far here.
SAVE! Gilmour and Dunk fizz possession around before Gross rolls into Joao Pedro, whose turn is slow but the striker still finds space for a right-footed strike. The effort is weak, though, and Sa dives down to his left to stop with ease.
The Brighton crowd are once again incensed as Dawson leaves it a little bit late on Gilmour, the Wolves centre-back crashing into the midfielder after the referee had already blown for a free-kick. The tensions bubble over on the touchline, too, as O'Neil attempts to separate De Zerbi and a member of his coaching staff.
Referee Pawson has seen enough to go over and caution Wolves' goalkeeping coach Neil Cutler, who was embroiled in a disagreement with De Zerbi following Dawson's late challenge on Gilmour. A tasty few minutes at the Amex!
There will be just two additional minutes to end this half as Brighton and Wolves remain goalless heading towards the break. That is not for lack of quality or trying, however, as both sides continue to play free-flowing and attractive football.
Cunha drops to his knees in protest after referee Pawson cautions the Wolves forward for another off-the-ball incident with Gilmour, who goes down after being pushed from behind when Neto has the ball on the left. That is twice in the first half the pair have clashed, yet this time the Brazilian is punished.
HALF-TIME: BRIGHTON 0-0 WOLVES
The Brighton crowd are demanding a second caution and dismissal for Cunha as the half-time whistle sounds with the Seagulls and Wolves goalless. Cunha is still incensed by Pawson's decision to show a yellow card for his off-the-ball collision with Gilmour. Nevertheless, these two sides cannot be separated heading into the interval, with Buonanotte seeing an effort cleared off the line by Doyle and Sa denying Van Hecke from point-blank range.
De Zerbi will not be too concerned given Brighton have gone on to draw just one of their last six matches at the Amex when goalless at half-time, winning four and losing the other. This comes after they had drawn each of their previous nine at home when going in 0-0 at the break. O'Neil must calm his players down before the next period, with Cunha particularly furious and Sarabia not far behind, while coach Cutler was cautioned for his confrontation with the Seagulls manager.
There are no changes from either side at half-time and Pawson gets this Premier League clash back under way! Will Cunha and Sarabia have calmed down yet after their anger heading into the break following the former's caution for an incident with Gilmour off the ball?
MASSIVE CHANCES! Wolves almost start the second half with a counter-attacking goal. Brighton lose possession through the middle as Neto drives inside from the right before finding Cunha, whose first right-footed strike from inside the area is pushed away by Steele. The rebound falls straight back to the Brazilian forward but he prods over with the Brighton goalkeeper struggling to get back up for the follow-up chance. What an opportunity for the visitors.
Only Chelsea (66), Sheffield United (64) and Aston Villa (59) have been shown more yellow cards than Wolves (53) in the Premier League this season. What an exit it could have been for the seething Cunha heading into half-time, and almost an even more spectacular entrance into the second half with that missed chance!
Estupinan sneaks down the left flank onto Gross' pass before Kilman heads behind from the left-back's cross. Gross delivers the set-piece towards the near post, where Sa punches away when close to his line.
Joao Pedro attempts to keep the ball alive after Sa punches clear but ends up taking a clearance from Semedo to the face. The Brighton forward needs a moment to catch his breath and the home crowd applauds when Sa offers the striker his water to clean his face after the Semedo incident.
WHAT A TACKLE! Joao Pedro is denied a certain goal by Semedo. The Brighton forward starts the move out wide before Milner releases him down the middle. However, just as Joao Pedro is about to fire towards Sa's goal from close range, Semedo slides across with a perfectly timed last-ditch block.
This is only the third time this season that Brighton have failed to score in the first half of a Premier League home match, also failing to do so against West Ham in August and Burnley in December. The Seagulls are trying to get going after the interval but Wolves are sitting tight for the time being.
OFF THE POST! Hinshelwood links up with Joao Pedro down the right-hand side before the former slides a low cross back towards the Brighton forward. Kilman dives in, stretching and hitting a clearance off Sa's left post before going behind for a corner, which comes to nothing.
Having played advantage following Dawson's tackle in the build-up to Kilman hitting his own post, Pawson brings it back to caution the Wolves centre-back.
ANOTHER CHANCE! It's absolute chaos at the Amex as Wolves take their turn to attack. Neto stands up Dunk, bursting to the byline before almost sneaking a right-footed cross past Steele, who unconvincingly turns behind for a corner. This is a real spectacle on the south coast, despite remaining goalless.
The same pattern continues, Estupinan bursts down the left flank before his cross is blocked behind for a corner. Dunk and Co come up for the set-piece, which comes to an abrupt end for a foul inside the six-yard area on Sa.
Since Matchday 16, Brighton have now missed 16 big chances in the Premier League, more than any other side after surpassing Arsenal (15) in this clash. Van Hecke and Buonanotte are the two Seagulls responsible for missed opportunities here against Wolves.
Neto has all the time in the world to weigh up a right-wing cross, which Dunk heads up in the air before Steele claims the looping ball. It appears De Zerbi is readying Ferguson on the bench, presumably for Welbeck or Joao Pedro.
Brighton had over 77 per cent possession over the opening 15 minutes of this second half. An opening goal still remains elusive, however, as De Zerbi considers his options among the substitutes.
Sarabia and Neto exchange passes down the right flank before the former's cutback pass for Lemina is intercepted by Gilmour. Moments prior to that, Milner hit the post but referee Pawson had already blown for a free-kick to Wolves.
De Zerbi is the first manager to blink, bringing on teenage talisman Ferguson for the experienced Welbeck. The Brighton forward will partner Joao Pedro as the hosts search for an opener.
As one teenager is introduced in Ferguson, another is withdrawn as Buonanotte makes way for Lamptey. The wing-back has not played since the end of November due to a muscle injury. Can he make the impact that Brighton so desperately need?
Gross gestures to the referee, protesting his innocence after a foul on Sarabia, who again makes his feelings known to Pawson. Unlike Cunha in the first half, the Wolves winger avoids a caution for what some would class as dissent.
De Zerbi has won all three of his Premier League meetings with Wolves by an aggregate scoreline of 13-3. Meanwhile, O'Neil has lost all three of his Premier League encounters with Brighton, with his sides conceding seven goals and scoring one in reply. It remains goalless here, however.
Steele and Estupinan celebrate after the pair manage to defend when Lemina looks to burst through the middle. A stoppage for the Wolves midfielder's foul on the Brighton goalkeeper will allow O'Neil to make his first change.
O'Neil opts for fresh legs, sending on Bellegarde for Sarabia in what appears a defensive change. The substitute may provide some more cover as Wolves look to defend against Estupinan down their right-hand side.
Estupinan has attempted 11 crosses in this game, some five more than the entire Wolves team combined. The left-back makes way for Lallana, however, as De Zerbi chases an opening goal.
Milner, in the game that saw him move second in the all-time Premier League appearances chart, comes off for Webster. The centre-back was De Zerbi's only change from the West Ham game, with Van Hecke taking his place but now lining up alongside him and Dunk at the back.
It is poor defending from Kilman, who commits too early and wipes Joao Pedro out on the left flank. The Wolves centre-back is cautioned and the visitors will now have to defend a wide free-kick in an inviting position.
Brighton have won their last four league games against Wolves, as many as they had in their previous 19 combined (D10 L5). Another win here, however, will require some late heroics from the Seagulls.
WIDE! Neto causes more problems down the right flank, sneaking in behind onto Semedo's throughball before driving a right-footed strike across the face of goal. All the delivery needs is tap-in but Cunha is caught on his heels as the ball flashes past Steele's right-hand post.
Webster, Dunk and Van Hecke occupy a high position in Wolves' half but the three-man defence are unable to find much room to play through. In fact, their positions are inviting a counter-attack...
CUNHA HAS TO DO BETTER! Neto holds his run as Wolves speed away on a counter-attack, touching over the halfway line for Cunha. Steele comes so far off his line that the goalkeeper is almost 40 yards from his six-yard area, but the Brazilian's control around him is poor before he whips wide from a tight right-wing angle towards the unguarded goal.
GREAT SAVE! Chances continue to flow for O'Neil's side. Cunha sends Lemina racing clear before the Wolves midfielder sees a right-footed drive parried away by Steele, who reacts quickly and gets down well to push aside the danger. The visitors are looking the more likely for the opening goal at the minute.
The game is completely stretched as Joao Pedro stands up Semedo, dancing onto his left foot before blasting straight at Sa, who saves with ease.
Substitute Webster is next into the referee's book after shoving and then kicking Neto's ankle near the right-hand touchline. That was cynical from the Brighton defender.
Wolves have lost their last four Premier League games against Brighton, conceding at least three goals each time (16 in total). Only twice before have they lost 5+ consecutive league games against an opponent while shipping 3+ goals each time – eight against Manchester City (1902-1909) and five against Blackpool (1927-1929). It has been much better from the Molineux side here.
Gross has created 55 chances this season, the joint-highest total in the Premier League (alongside Manchester United's Bruno Fernandes). Can the Brighton midfielder unpick the Wolves defence to create what would prove to be the winning goal in the dying stages?
Lamptey works his way inside from the right flank but his left-footed cross is aimless and straight to Sa. The clock is ticking for De Zerbi, whose side were also held to a goalless draw in their last Premier League outing against West Ham.
Neto's first start in the Premier League for Wolves since October 2023 comes to an end. The Portugal international is replaced by 20-year-old Chirewa, who makes his top-flight debut.
Dawson defends well to clear as Ferguson lurks inside the Wolves area. There will be three additional minutes to end this game. Can Brighton find a late winner, or will Wolves hold out?
Just shoot! Joao Pedro has the chance to be the hero, dancing and spinning near the penalty spot after Lallana's cutback pass. The Brighton forward takes too long twisting and turning, though, as Wolves regroup to defend and block valiantly in front of Sa's goal.
De Zerbi makes a late change, throwing on former England Under-16 international Baker-Boaitey for the impressive Hinshelwood.
Toti is cautioned for a cynical foul on Ferguson near the halfway line and delaying the restart as Brighton look to up the tempo in the final minute or so.
Webster's cross is met by a wall of Wolves defenders as time ticks on. Gross then sees a shot blocked before Bellegarde wins a free-kick from Ferguson. That will surely be the end of the game at the Amex.
FULL-TIME: BRIGHTON 0-0 WOLVES
Brighton and Wolves keep their Premier League unbeaten runs going, though both sides will be frustrated after a goalless draw at Amex Stadium. De Zerbi’s men are undefeated in their last four league games, while O’Neil’s side see their three-game top-flight winning streak come to an end but make it six matches across all competitions without defeat. The Seagulls dominated the majority of the first half, with Buonanotte seeing a header cleared off the line by Doyle and Van Hecke denied by Sa. Cunha was, perhaps, fortunate to escape a dismissal on the stroke of half-time after being cautioned and proceeding to protest furiously to referee Pawson, who kept his red card in his pocket despite the words exchanged. The visitors sat deep in the second period but went close through Cunha, who rounded Steele and should have done better from a tight angle, and Neto on his first Premier League start since October 2023. Kilman redirected against Sa’s left-hand post at the other end, though neither team could find a winner. Brighton leapfrog Manchester United into seventh before visiting Sheffield United in the FA Cup fourth round on Saturday. Wolves sit 11th in the league table and next face a Black Country derby with West Bromwich Albion in the same FA Cup round on Sunday. That is all for now, until next time. Goodbye!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this fixture in the Premier League, as Burnley host fellow strugglers Luton Town at Turf Moor.
Vincent Kompany’s Clarets sit second-bottom of the Premier League table, following a late 3-2 defeat by Aston Villa in their last game of 2023. They’re five points behind Everton in 17th, with the pair separated by Luton in the final relegation place, and Burnley can close the gap on their opponents to just one point with a victory here.
Luton, on the other hand, have the opportunity to climb out of the bottom three altogether at Turf Moor, as a victory would see them displace Everton in 17th. The Hatters have won two of their last three games, but did lose the reverse fixture 2-1 at Kenilworth Road earlier in the season.
BURNLEY (4-4-2): James Trafford; Vitinho, Dara O’Shea, Ameen Al Dakhil, Hjalmar Ekdal; Johann Gudmundsson, Josh Brownhill, Josh Cullen, Wilson Odobert; Lyle Foster, Zeki Amdouni.
BURNLEY SUBS: Arijanet Muric, Jack Cork, CJ Egan-Riley, Jay Rodriguez, Manuel Benson, Connor Roberts, Anass Zaroury, Mike Tresor, Jacob Bruun Larsen.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-2-1): Thomas Kaminski; Teden Mengi, Gabriel Osho, Amari’i Bell; Chiedozie Ogbene, Albert Sambi Lokonga, Ross Barkley, Alfie Doughty; Andros Townsend, Jordan Clark; Elijah Adebayo.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: Tim Krul, Dan Potts, Luke Berry, Carlton Morris, Cauley Woodrow, Tahith Chong, Reece Burke, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu, Ryan Giles.
Strikers Zeki Amdouni and Lyle Foster both netted equalisers at Villa Park as Burnley looked destined to hold out for a well-earned point, but their hopes were dashed by a penalty at the death. The pair start up front with Foster passing a late fitness test, while midfielder Josh Cullen comes in as one of three changes alongside Ameen Al Dakhil and Hjalmar Ekdal in defence.
A late fightback led by goalscorers Ross Barkley and Elijah Adebayo wasn’t quite enough to overturn a 3-2 loss to Chelsea last time out, but Luton will still be confident they can cause Burnley plenty of problems. Jordan Clark displaces absentee Jacob Brown to join Adebayo in the forward line, while Chiedozie Ogbene starts at right-wing-back with regular Issa Kabore away with Burkina Faso on Africa Cup of Nations duty.
The teams are out on the pitch amidst ice-cold conditions at Turf Moor, and kick-off here is just moments away.
Foster kicks off for the Clarets, and we are up and running in Lancashire!
Odobert advances down the left at speed and tees up Al Dakhil on his outside, but the latter's low cross into the middle is scythed clear by Mengi covering at the near post.
Burnley are unbeaten in their last seven league games against Luton, winning four and drawing three, and are looking to complete their first league double over them since 1994-95 in the second tier.
Burnley are hosting Luton in a top-flight match for the first time since January 1975, when they won 1-0 thanks to a Billy Ingham strike.
SAVED!!! Lovely play from Burnley as Cullen, Foster and Amdouni combine to give Gudmundsson a guilt-edge chance. He's through on goal and shoots on-target, but Kaminski makes the save at his near post before the ball is cleared away!
CHANCE!!! Luton win possession high up the other end and go within inches!!! Doughty picks Vitinho's pocket and drills the ball low across the face of goal, but Adebayo can't quite get on the end of it as he slides in at the far post!
Foster latches onto a flick-on and sets his sights on goal, but his low 25-yard drive is deflected and it's an easy save for Kaminski to make!
SAVED!!! Ogbene brings down a cross-field pass and cuts inside to tee up Barkley, whose first-time shot from the edge of the area is bending into the top corner until Trafford leaps across to tip it over the bar!
There have been three Premier League games between promoted sides Burnley, Luton and Sheffield United this season, and they've seen a combined 13 goals. The average of 4.3 goals-per-game is the highest in matches between promoted clubs in a Premier League season, and given the flurry of end-to-end chances we've just seen, it's no wonder!
SAVED!!! Ogbene's the target of another cross-field pass and the wing-back takes on Al Dakhil on his way into the box. He shoots from the tightest of angles, but still manages to get a well-struck effort on target and Trafford parries it behind for a corner!
After their wild 3-2 win at Sheffield United on Boxing Day, Luton are looking to pick up back-to-back top-flight away victories for the first time since December 1987 under Ray Harford.
Osho gets goal-side of Foster and dispossesses the South African on the byline, but is hammered by Foster as he launches the ball clear! Neither side is giving up much so far!
Lokonga picks out Doughty in the box and he brings the ball down for Clark, who goes down under pressure from Gudmundsson but doesn't get the penalty he's after!
Foster has gone down off the ball and is clutching his ankle in some discomfort. That's the same issue that threatened to keep him out of this game, so we'll see if the Burnley striker is able to shake it off and carry on.
Doughty's deflected cross goes behind for a corner, which is half-cleared and picked up by Lokonga on the edge of the box. He finds Barkley, who lets fly from 20 yards, but Odobert gets in the way and makes the block.
Burnley have lost nine of their 10 Premier League home games this season, the only side in English top-flight history to lose nine of their first 10 on home soil in a campaign. In Football League history, only fourth-tier Newport County in 1970-71 have ever lost 10 of their first 11 at home in a season.
OVER!!! Osho takes down Foster to gift Burnley a free-kick right on the edge of their box, but Gudmundsson's effort from the dead-ball is sent high and wide of Kaminski's goalframe!
BLOCKED!!! Luton flood forward in numbers with Ogbene once again their outlet down that right-hand side. He and Townsend combine to cross for Adebayo, and his knock-down is fired goalwards by Barkley before Cullen gets a block in!
Bell does brilliantly to ride three challenges from Burnley defenders before threading the ball through for Doughty to chase and cross, but the wing-back is flagged for offside before he can carve out a chance!
Only Sheffield United, with none, have scored fewer goals in the opening half hour of Premier League games than Luton's four so far this season.
CHANCE!!! Vitinho's cross into the Luton box causes chaos and falls to Odobert, but no-one in claret and blue is able to get a clean strike of the ball and the move ends when Lokonga is fouled by Gudmundsson!
WIDE!!! A brilliant back-to-front passing move gets Burnley out of trouble and into the final third, where Odobert cuts inside from the left, lets fly and sends a curling shot just beyond the far post!
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! First blood to the Clarets! Burnley break at speed as Foster charges through the middle before finding Odobert to his left. The winger beats his marker and cuts the ball back into the area, where Amdouni pops up at the far post to stroke it home!! 1-0 to the hosts, and that could prove to be a huge goal in Burnley's fight to claw themselves out of the bottom three!
Three of Amdouni's five goal involvements in the Premier League this season have come against fellow promoted teams, and it's back-to-back first-half strikes from Burnley's Swiss striker in the last two games.
Burnley recycle possession from a cleared free-kick and Odobert stands up Townsend before crossing low as he did for the opener. Al Dakhil's on the end of it this time though, slipping as he goes to shoot and skewing his effort wide!
BLOCKED!!! Ogbene skips clear of Al Dakhil and links up with Clark in the box. His snap-shot from close range is blocked by Ekdal, and Al Dakhil recovers to put Lokonga's follow-up behind for a corner!
Doughty's corner is whipped right into the centre, but is met by a strong punch from Trafford as Burnley look to solidify at the back and preserve this one-goal lead.
This is the fifth time this season that Burnley have opened the scoring in a Premier League home game, however they've only managed to win one of the previous four - against Sheffield United, and losing the other three.
We'll play three additional minutes to close out the first half at Turf Moor.
Doughty fires a high, hanging cross into the area which sails over Adebayo's head and engages Trafford, but neither get a touch on the ball and it's recovered by Ogbene on the opposite side.
Ogbene's ball in from the right has both Adebayo and Trafford contesting it once more, but the Burnley keeper is clattered by the striker and it's a free-kick to the hosts.
HALF-TIME: BURNLEY 1-0 LUTON TOWN.
It's Burnley who lead this closely-fought battle at the halfway stage, up 1-0 thanks to Amdouni's opener in what's been an entertaining contest so far. Early chances saw Gudmundsson, Barkley and Ogbene test the goalkeepers at each end, and the half continued in much the same vein, with both sides fighting for every tooth and nail. Burnley upped the ante after the half-hour mark, though, with Odobert going close before pulling the ball back for Amdouni to fire into the back of the net. Clark and Lokonga were both denied by the Clarets not long after, and you can bet on Luton to throw everything forward in the second half as they attempt to get back on level terms.
Amdouni's opener is the difference so far, with he and Foster giving Luton's defence a torrid time. The Swiss striker scored from his only attempt on goal, and also completed a key pass as winning two free-kicks. Foster has been everywhere, completing all five of his final-third passes and contesting a game-high 11 duels so far, winning three of five in the air and also completing an interception.
We're back for the second half, and it's Luton who'll kick it off through Adebayo.
SAVED!!! Burnley begin the half brightly and the ball is switched to Vitinho on the right, who cuts inside and fires a left-footed shot straight into the gloves of Kaminski!
Burnley are unbeaten in their last 10 Premier League matches when ahead at half-time, winning and drawing five apiece in a run that dates back to August 2021.
CHANCE!!! Foster frees up Odobert with an out-ball to the left, and gets the return ball in the centre of the box. He looks to play in Amdouni to his right, but overhits the pass and it rolls beyond the striker out of play!
SAVED!!! Another Ogbene run means another cross-field pass to the wing-back, and he cuts inside looking to create shooting space before dragging a low shot across the turf and into Trafford's gloves!
WIDE!!! Cullen's reverse pass allows Vitinho to beat Doughty on both the outside and inside before opening up his body to shoot, but the Brazilian's curling effort whistles inches wide of the far post to his and the crowd's dismay!
Luton have failed to score a first-half goal in 15 of their 20 games, with only Sheffield United (17) failing to score more often in the first 45 minutes in this season's Premier League.
CHANCE!! Clark and Townsend link up on the left flank and the latter fires a cross into the middle. Ogbene's underneath it but is knocked off-balance as he heads for goal, and Trafford tips the looping effort over the crossbar for a Luton corner!
Luton return serve after successive Doughty corners are cleared away, and the ball is moved wide by Barkley. Ogbene is the recipient and cuts inside, but Al Dakhil gets in the way of his left-footed shot!
A well-weighted Odobert throughball sends Al Dakhil in behind the defence, but Kaminski races off his line to close the gap superbly and force the Clarets defender to run wide and behind for a goal kick.
A quick catch and throw from Trafford quashes a Luton chance and begins one for Burnley in the same motion, with Odobert coming away with possession down the left. He passes inside to Amdouni, but a heavy touch from the goalscorer allows Bell to nip in and win the ball.
CHANCE!!! Ogbene spots the run of Adebayo and looks for him with a teasing cross into the area, but Trafford shoots off his line to gather the ball before the striker can get on the end of it.
BLOCKED!!! A Clarets counter-attack sees Burnley stream forward at pace as Amdouni finds Odobert wide. The winger cuts inside to shoot once again, but his effort takes a big deflection off Mengi and loops goalwards before being tipped wide of the post by Kaminski!
CHANCE!!! Gudmundsson's corner is met by the head of Ekdal in the box, but a deflection takes the pace off his goalbound effort and Kaminski makes the save on his line!
The first change of the game sees Townsend withdrawn for Luton, and on comes Tahith Chong to replace him.
Chong turns on the edge of the area and lays the ball off to Barkley, but the midfielder's first-time effort strikes Cullen and bounces behind for another Luton corner.
Doughty's corner is taken well by Trafford at the far post, but the Burnley goalkeeper has picked up a knock in the process of making that catch, so play is halted until he's back to his feet and knocking the ball up-field.
Luton are unbeaten in their last seven away league games against Burnley since a 2-1 defeat in March 1995 under David Pleat, but unless they can carve out a goalscoring chance in the next 20 minutes - with a whopping 22 crosses put in so far - that record will be done and dusted.
SAVED!!! Al Dakhil strides forward from left-back and tries his luck with a speculative 25-yard shot, which Kaminski races across the face of his goal to get down to and hold!
Burnley have players queuing up on the edge of the box, but neither Clark, Lokonga nor Chong can get a shot away before the Clarets clear their lines!
Burnley counter at speed and Amdouni feeds Gudmundsson in space to his right. The winger crosses to Foster arriving at the far post, but he can't get on the end of it as the ball skews over his head and out of play!
Another change coming in the final third for Luton, as Carlton Morris enters the fray in place of Clark. He'll likely form a front two with Adebayo, and that should provide the Hatters with a bit more impetus in the box.
Connor Roberts also comes on in Burnley's first substitution, replacing Gudmundsson out wide.
SAVED!!! A Clarets free-kick is thumped into the box and headed back across by O'Shea towards Foster, but the South African can't repeat Amdouni's strike against Aston Villa, sending his volley straight into Kaminski's grasp!
OVER!!! Adebayo flicks Bell's forward ball down and into the path of Morris, who turns and lets fly with a 20-yard half-volley which loops up and over the bar!
CHANCE!!! There's very nearly a huge mix-up between O'Shea and Ekdal in defence for Burnley, with the Swede turning on the ball and almost taking out his centre-back partner before O'Shea recovers to clear as Adebayo closes in!
WIDE!!! Luton are pinged for offside at one end, but Burnley aren't hanging around and take a quick free-kick to send Odobert into acres of space down the right. He carries into the box and gets around the outside of Osho, before shooting from a tight angle and slamming the ball into the side netting!
Barkley hangs up another lofted cross-field pass with Adebayo and Morris giving chase, but Trafford climbs highest to make a clean catch for Burnley.
Amdouni's goal remains the difference well into the final 10 minutes at Turf Moor, and that'll be his defining contribution as Mike Tresor comes on to replace him.
Odobert has similarly run Luton ragged at times throughout this game, and Jacob Bruun Larsen is on for the final few minutes in place of the Clarets' wideman.
Morris attempts the spectacular as he looks to get on the end of Adebayo's flick-on in the Clarets' box, but his overhead kick only results in a Burnley free-kick, for a high boot.
Luke Berry is on late as Luton throw the dice trying to get back into this game, and he'll replace Lokonga in the middle of the park.
Luton are piling plenty of numbers forward now as Bell floats a cross into the area, but Trafford's there again to make the catch - and throw the ball forward as Burnley look to break.
FIVE added minutes to play at Turf Moor with Burnley only just holding on here - can they see it out to claim a vital three points?
GOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! It's a leveller for Luton!!! Doughty is left in yards of space and fizzes another threatening cross right into the centre of the box. Trafford comes for it, but runs into the back of Adebayo, leaving the skies free for Morris to jump and head into the empty net!!! The home crowd and players alike are fuming, but the goal is given and it's 1-1 at Turf Moor!
Doughty's crosses haven't quite been on the money throughout this game - but that one was, and that's all that'll matter for Luton who go level in added time!
VAR had a good look at the goal, but judge that Trafford ran into Adebayo rather than being deliberately impeded. The Burnley keeper's not happy with that, and his protests to the referee earn him a yellow card.
Jack Cork's on at the death for Burnley in place of centre-back Ekdal, but you get the feeling that the Clarets will throw absolutely everyone forward in a bid to re-gain the two points they look set to drop.
Foster gets the first touch on a long ball forward and looks to carve out a chance, but he's quickly swarmed and crowded out by Luton defenders and Bell wins possession back for the Hatters.
Claret and blue shirts flood the box as Roberts lines up a cross from the right, but his ball in is too close to Kaminski and the goalkeeper collects to thwart what could well be the game's final attacking sequence!
FULL-TIME: BURNLEY 1-1 LUTON TOWN.
An absolutely enthralling bottom-three scrap ends 1-1 at Turf Moor, with Luton drawing level just minutes from the end in highly controversial circumstances! Morris' equaliser, headed into a net vacated by the supposedly fouled Trafford, salvages a point for the Hatters which, on the balance of play, was deserved in the end. Burnley had numerous opportunities to double their advantage, with Vitinho, Odobert, Ekdal, Al Dakhil and Foster all drawing saves from Kaminski in the Hatters' goal. None could capitalise, though, and after Ogbene and Morris both went close at the other end for Luton, the latter rose to nod in the goal which takes Rob Edwards' side level on points with Everton in 18th. Young Clarets goalkeeper Trafford made a habit of racing off his line to collect cross after cross from the visitors, but the one time he failed to do so proved costly for Burnley, who miss the chance to close a four-point gap on Luton and as a result remain four points - and a hefty goal difference - away from safety.
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League fixture from Stamford Bridge, as Chelsea and Fulham face off in the West London Derby.
The 10th-placed Blues may be more than halfway through a hit-and-miss season under Mauricio Pochettino, but are still yet to really click into gear – compounded by a 1-0 loss to second-tier Middlesbrough in their midweek EFL Cup semi-final tie. However, back-to-back Premier League victories over Crystal Palace and Luton last time out have given Chelsea the chance to climb as high as seventh, should they win all three points here.
Fulham’s second season back in the top-flight has been much more subdued than their first, but the Cottagers still sit a respectable 13th on the ladder, four points behind Chelsea. A three-game winless streak, in which Marco Silva’s side failed to score a goal, was snapped with a 2-1 win over high-flying Arsenal in their last game, and the Fulham faithful will be hoping they can follow that up with another victory against their local London rivals.
CHELSEA (4-3-3): Djordje Petrovic; Malo Gusto, Axel Disasi, Thiago Silva, Levi Colwill; Enzo Fernandez, Moises Caicedo, Conor Gallagher; Cole Palmer, Armando Broja, Raheem Sterling.
CHELSEA SUBS: Marcus Bettinelli, Lucas Bergstrom, Benoit Badiashile, Mykhailo Mudryk, Noni Madueke, Carney Chukwuemeka, Ben Chilwell, Deivid Washington, Alfie Gilchrist.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Kenny Tete, Tosin Adarabioyo, Issa Diop, Antonee Robinson; Joao Palhinha, Tom Cairney; Harry Wilson, Andreas Pereira, Willian; Raul Jimenez.
FULHAM SUBS: Marek Rodak, Harrison Reed, Tim Ream, Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Rodrigo Muniz, Timothy Castagne, Sasa Lukic, Carlos Vinicius, Tyrese Francois.
Armando Broja comes in for Noni Madueke in Chelsea’s only change from their EFL Cup first-leg loss to Middlesbrough, and spearheads a front three with Raheem Sterling and Cole Palmer either side of him. Palmer netted twice in the 3-2 victory over Luton to continue his impressive start to life in a Chelsea shirt.
Fulham were also defeated in their own EFL Cup semi-final, going down 2-1 against Liverpool in the first leg. On the right-hand side, Kenny Tete and Harry Wilson come in for Timothy Castagne and Bobby De Cordova-Reid respectively, while captain Tom Cairney rounds off the changes to displace Harrison Reed and partner Joao Palhinha in midfield.
The teams are out on the pitch with Stamford Bridge packed to the rafters, and we're almost ready to go in the West London Derby!
Broja will kick off for Chelsea, and we're underway on Fulham Road!
Tete tries to carry the ball out of defence for Fulham, but gets into a tangle with Sterling that leaves both on the deck and Chelsea are given the free-kick.
Chelsea are unbeaten in their last 18 home league games against Fulham, winning 11 and drawing seven since a 2-0 loss in the second tier back in October 1979.
Fernandez's lofted pass down the left channel finds Sterling in the box, but Palhinha races across in cover for Fulham and prevents Gallagher from getting a shot away!
Palhinha has both made (84) and won (44) more tackles than other player in the Premier League this season, while Chelsea's Gallagher has won possession in the final third more often than any other player in the competition in 2023-24 (27).
Colwill bursts clear of Tete to latch onto Sterling's throughball down the line before crossing, but Diop's there on the near post to head clear for Fulham.
BLOCKED!!! Broja dispossesses Robinson on the edge of his own box and Gallagher cuts it back into Fernandez's path, but the Argentine can't get enough power behind his shot and Adarabioyo gets in the way of it!
Sterling cuts inside to shoot from Fernandez's wide pass, but Tete stands his ground well and gets the block in to keep the Blues at bay once more.
OVER!!!! Chelsea are really starting to knock at the door and Fulham can't get the ball away often enough. One poor clearance is returned by Gallagher from the edge of the box, but his curling shot sails over the crossbar!
Pereira's initial cross ricochets back into his feet off Fernandez, but his second attempt from the edge of the area is just as easily dealt with by Colwill.
Fulham have won just one of their last 23 Premier League games against Chelsea, beating them 2-1 at Craven Cottage last season. However, the visitors have never won one of these derbies as a Premier League team.
WIDE!!! Sterling frees up Fernandez to cross from the left, and he finds Broja at the near post. He heads goalwards with plenty of power behind it, but can't direct the effort on target and it whistles past Leno's right-hand post!
Chelsea have won their last two London derbies in the league, as many as they had in their previous 13.  Meanwhile, Fulham are looking to win three consecutive top-flight London derbies for the first time since April 2013.
Sterling takes on Tete once more and looks to beat him around the outside, but the Fulham full-back slides in to put the ball behind for the game's first corner!
Palhinha looks to volley Palmer's delivery away, but the ball skews off his heel and into the area before being collected in the goalmouth by Leno!
SAVED!!! Wilson takes the ball from Caicedo and turns brilliantly away from two more before finding Pereira in support, and he chooses to shoot despite better passing options as Petrovic makes the save in the far corner!
SAVED!!! Robinson flashes a fizzing ball across the face of goal, evading Chelsea's defenders with Wilson arriving at the far post. The Welshman shoots first-time and gets his effort on target, but Petrovic darts across his line to make the near-post save!
CHANCE!!! Chelsea win the ball high up the field again and Fernandez feeds Broja in the box. His lay-off for Gallagher is blocked, but it comes wide to the right and Palmer's low shot is saved and held by Leno!
BLOCKED!!! Sterling does brilliantly to evade the challenge of Tete and control Colwill's high ball into the box, but the right-back stays with him and gets a foot in to block the England winger's eventual close-range shot!
Palmer picks out Sterling at the far post with a ball in from the right, but the winger is flagged for offside after beating Adarabioyo in the air.
After no shots on target (despite Chelsea having four attempts alone) in the first 25 minutes, four (two for each side) have been fired off in the last 10!
Robinson looks to cross from Willian's reverse pass to the byline, but his attempt strikes Palmer and bobbles behind for Fulham's first corner of the match.
The corner is played short and clipped centrally into the path of Cairney, who goes for a standing half-volley and sends a looping shot wide of the mark!
Gusto's loose touch sees him dispossessed and he slides in to win the ball back, but gets his challenge all wrong, catching Willian late and picking up the game's first yellow card!
He's had a welcome reception on his return to Stamford Bridge, however that challenge was anything but! The 35-year-old is eventually back to his feet though, and we play on.
After somehow keeping the ball in play at one end, Chelsea come straight up the other and Fernandez's cross-field pass is met by Gusto before Robinson tracks back to dispossess him and clear!
Gusto's lay-off gives Fernandes time and space to shoot, but he can't keep his 25-yard effort down and Leno watches it sail high and wide of the target!
Wilson arrives on the edge of the box and drills a low cross towards the far post, but Silva gets in the way to put it behind before any Fulham attackers can close in.
BLOCKED!!! The initial delivery is half-cleared by Chelsea before dropping to Wilson on the edge of the box, and his volley strikes Caicedo to go behind for another Fulham corner!
We'll play two minutes of added time at Stamford Bridge with both sides still looking for the opener.
Forward come Fulham as Willian tees up Robinson to cross in at the second time of asking. He does so, and a mix-up between Disasi and Silva almost proves costly until the latter knocks the ball clear!
PENALTY!!! Chelsea are given a golden chance to take the lead here!!! Palmer slips a pass through the crowd and into Sterling's feet, and he's clipped by Diop as he cuts inside the Fulham defender! There's barely any contact, but certainly enough for the referee to point to the spot, and the Blues can go 1-0 up from 12 yards here!
GOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!! Palmer makes no mistake!!! A drilled, low shot finds the bottom-right corner, sending Leno the wrong way and giving Chelsea a 1-0 lead!!! What a time to put your side in front, and this 21-year-old's stock just carries on soaring!
HALF-TIME: CHELSEA 1-0 FULHAM.
What looked destined to be a goalless first 45 minutes ends with Palmer putting Chelsea 1-0 up from the spot, finally breaching a dogged Fulham defence on the verge of half-time! The Blues had several chances to open the scoring earlier on, with Gallagher, Broja and Fernandez all firing high and wide of the target. At the other end, Fulham looked dangerous, with Pereira and Wilson both shooting on-target and the latter really testing Petrovic. Palmer was the only one in blue to draw a save from Fulham goalkeeper Leno, and he sent him the wrong way from 12 yards to give Chelsea the advantage.
Palmer's the only Chelsea player to manage a shot on target so far, putting one into the gloves of Leno and burying the other to open the scoring. He's also completed a game-high 19 passes in the final third so far, creating a big chance for Sterling, as well as winning possession twice as the Blues look to turn the ball over as high up the pitch as possible.
Jimenez gets the game back underway for Fulham, kicking off the second half with his side trailing 1-0.
Jimenez is clipped right on the edge of Chelsea's box by Silva, giving Fulham a chance to carve out an equalising opportunity here.
The Fulham free-kick is dealt with and Fernandez races away on the counter-attack for Chelsea. He bypasses Willian before losing the ball after Wilson's lunge from behind, and the Welsh international is booked for the reckless challenge.
Chelsea work the ball into the box through Palmer's fluid movement again, but neither he nor Broja can get a shot away before being crowded out by the Fulham defence!
WIDE!!! Gusto passes inside to Palmer on the edge of the box, who sizes up another shot and sends the ball curling just wide of the far post!
OFF THE POST!!! Broja does superbly to keep possession in the box and holds up Sterling's throughball before linking up with Fernandez. He clips the ball into the middle where Sterling arrives late, but his glancing header bounces back off the far post and Gusto hammers the rebound wide!
BLOCKED!!! Fulham come straight up the other end and Pereira passes into Willian's path. The Brazilian runs onto the ball and opens up to shoot, but Disasi gets in the way of it!
Robinson races forward on an underlapping run and cuts a cross back from Willian's throughball. Jimenez is the target, but the striker mistimes his jump and can only send the ball looping well over the top!
BLOCKED!!! Gusto's drilled cross into the near post is flicked towards goal by Broja, but Adarabioyo sticks out a leg to put the ball behind for a Chelsea corner!
Fernandez runs down a dead end and loses the ball from Tete's challenge, but then slides in late on Cairney and picks up a yellow card for the tackle.
CHANCE!!! The blue shirts fly forward as Palmer sets Gusto up to cross in from the right, but Sterling can't get a shot away after Tete arrives from nowhere to knock it away! Palmer crosses back in towards the far post and engages Leno, but neither the Fulham goalkeeper nor the incoming Broja get a touch on the ball as it goes behind for a goal-kick!
Sterling whips a threatening cross into the packed Fulham box, but Leno wades through the crowd to take it cleanly in the air.
Tete keeps Willian's clipped ball in the field of play and volleys a cross back into the area, but Petrovic has it covered and collects the high ball despite the attention of Jimenez.
Bobby De Cordova-Reid comes on in Fulham's first change of the match, replacing the booked Wilson on the right side of their attack.
Tete also comes off having engaged in one hell of a battle with Sterling, and Timothy Castagne will replace him at right-back for the remainder of this game.
Chelsea' first alteration comes in attack as Noni Madueke comes on for Broja, in a change that could well see Palmer or Sterling move into a central striking role.
CHANCE!!! Madueke and Palmer combine to put Gallagher through on goal, but he takes a poor touch on the turn allowing Leno to dive on the loose ball!
OVER!!! A poor touch from Palmer robs him of a sensational shot on the turn, but Chelsea keep on coming as Silva thunders in to win possession back for the Blues. Madueke's cross is deflected into the path of Colwill, but he can't keep his first-time shot down and skews it over the bar!
Chelsea are unbeaten in their last 18 Premier League games when ahead at half-time, dating back to December 2021 against West Ham and including five wins and a draw when leading at the break this season.
Madueke scorches down the right and shrugs off Palhinha before crossing, but Adarabioyo's there again to make the block and concede a corner.
SAVED!!! Pereira's smart run from Robinson's pass out of defence opens up a chance for Fulham, and his cut-back across the Chelsea box finds Jimenez. He shoots first-time with the ball heading for the bottom corner, but Petrovic gets down well to claw it away!
SAVED!! Jimenez chests down a cross-field Willian pass and shoots on the half-volley, but Petrovic is there to make the save at his near post!
Caicedo chops down Pereira on the edge of Chelsea's box and out comes the yellow card from the referee's pocket - but it's instead for Disasi, who booted the ball away to prevent Fulham taking a quick free-kick!
OVER!!! Pereira lines up the free-kick and shoots from 20 yards, but there's just a tad too much power behind the effort and it flashes over the crossbar!
Sterling's been one of Chelsea's main attacking outlets so far in this game, but comes off now for Ben Chilwell's first league appearance in months for the Blues. It's a change that could well see the hosts shift into a back three or five.
Fulham concede a corner but break away from it almost straight away, and after Jimenez knocks the ball over halfway and beyond Silva, he's clipped by the Brazilian and the veteran Chelsea centre-back goes into the book.
There was a fair bit of acrimony towards the referee following that illegally-thwarted Fulham break, and Chelsea's goalscorer Palmer is also shown a yellow at the conclusion of the argument.
Fulham break out from another corner and Jimenez spots a backtracking Petrovic off his line. He goes for goal from behind the halfway line, but gets his long-range attempt all wrong and the Chelsea keeper can stop the effort with his feet!
Another two changes coming for Fulham, as Pereira comes off to be replaced in the attacking line by Rodrigo Muniz.
Sasa Lukic also enters the fray for the Cottagers, replacing the ever-busy Palhinha in the heart of their midfield.
POST!!! Chelsea strike the upright once again!! Madueke's byline cross is blocked into the path of Gallagher, whose outside of the foot shot looks destined for goal until rattling back off the far post!
Robinson drifts in-field and beats Gusto to pop up on the edge of the box. His snap-shot from just inside the area is blocked, but Fulham will get another bite of the cherry after the referee awards them a free-kick for Colwill's foul on Muniz!
OVER!!! With Wilson and Pereira off, it's Willian who steps up for Fulham against his old club. He zips the free-kick over the wall and engages Petrovic, but the shot is always rising and whistles over the top of his crossbar!
Despite having 26 touches in Fulham's box throughout this second half, Chelsea are yet to have a shot on target. The Blues are still on course for victory though, and have lost just two of their last 201 Premier League home games when winning at half-time - both defeats coming against Arsenal.
The board goes up and signals for FIVE additional minutes at Stamford Bridge - will we see some game-defining action beyond the 90 here?
SAVED!!! Gallagher drives towards the edge of Fulham's box before setting Madueke up to shoot, and his low drive towards the bottom corner draws a last-ditch save from Leno at full stretch!
Palmer's goal remains the difference for Chelsea in the dying moments of this game, and he's replaced very late in the day by Carney Chukwuemeka.
Youngster Alfie Gilchrist is also brought off for the final throws in this cauldron-like atmosphere, and replaces Gusto at right-back.
De Cordova-Reid gets caught between challenges from Chilwell and Colwill to win Fulham a free-kick on the right-hand side. It's now or never for the Cottagers to rescue something here!
BLOCKED!!!! The free-kick from Willian headed back across the face of goal by Muniz, but De Cordova-Reid, sliding in at the far post, sends his desperate shot into the back of his own team-mate Adarabioyo! Cairney hits a rebound effort from the edge of the box, but that too is blocked as Chelsea continue to hang on!
Another late Fulham free-kick is swung in by Willian, sparking chaos and pinball in the box, but the visitors just can't get a clean shot away and it's launched clear by Chelsea just as the final whistle sounds!
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 1-0 FULHAM.
It's all over at Stamford Bridge, and that late first-half penalty from Palmer seals the points for Chelsea in this fiercely contested west London Derby! The chances continued in spades as the second half wore on, with Sterling and Gallagher both hitting the woodwork as the Blues went within inches of doubling their lead. Palmer and Colwill both struck wide, while further shots from Broja and Madueke being blocked and saved respectively by Leno and the Fulham defence. Up at the other end, Jimenez drew two stops from Petrovic in quick succession, while Pereira and Willian both put close-range free-kicks over the bar as the Cottagers missed the chance to close the four-point gap between themselves and their London rivals. That's now four home wins on the bounce for Chelsea in the league, and they climb to eighth in the table with a performance that will give Mauricio Pochettino reassurance and confidence in the progress his side is making.
Hello and welcome to our LIVE coverage of this Premier League fixture between Everton and Aston Villa at Goodison Park!
It wasn't so long ago for Toffees supporters since the Halcyon Days of four straight Premier League victories (in fact it was only last month...) a run that helped to eradicate the 10-point deduction for a breach of Profit and Sustainability rules - a punishment the club have challenged. Since then, though, it's six games without a win in all competitions and Sean Dyche's side are outside of the bottom three only on goal difference after Luton Town drew with Burnley on Friday, so three points here would be most welcome.
In contrast, Villa are absolutely flying and have lost only once in their previous 13 outings in all competitions and even in that one they squandered a two-goal lead to lose 3-2 at Manchester United. A win today would see Unai Emery's men go level on points with table-toppers Liverpool, who are next in Premier League action on January 21 at Bournemouth. A big incentive then to head back to the Midlands with three points in the bag,
EVERTON (4-2-3-1): Jordan Pickford; Seamus Coleman, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite, Vitaliy Mykolenko; Amadou Onana, James Garner; Jack Harrison, Abdoulaye Doucoure; Arnaut Danjuma; Dominic Calvert-Lewin
EVERTON SUBSTITUTES: Joao Virginia, Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, Ben Godfrey, Andre Gomes, Dwight McNeil, Lewis Dobbin, Youssef Chermiti, Beto
ASTON VILLA (4-2-3-1): Emiliano Martinez; Ezri Konsa, Diego Carlos, Clement Lenglet, Alex Moreno; Boubacar Kamara, Douglas Luiz; Leon Bailey, John McGinn, Moussa Diaby, Ollie Watkins
ASTON VILLA SUBSTITUTES: Filip Marschall, James Wright, Matty Cash, Youri Tielemans, Nicolo Zaniolo, Jhon Duran, Leander Dendoncker, Tim Iroegbuman
Dyche makes two changes to his Everton side and the big news is that Doucoure is back another a month-long absence with a hamstring injury. Everton have not won in his absence and he comes in for McNeil, who is fit enough for the bench after going off injured in the 0-0 FA Cup draw with Crystal Palace last time out. The other change is in goal where Pickford reclaims the gloves from Virginia. Calvert-Lewin starts after having his red versus the Eagles overturned on appeal.
Emery goes with four alterations from the side that defeated Middlesbrough in the FA Cup last week. Cash, Dendoncker, Ramsey and Duran all drop to the bench, with Carlos, Luiz, Diaby and Watkins all named in the starting XI.
It's a big day for Toffees skipper Coleman today, The veteran full-back will become Everton's record Premier League appearance maker when he takes to the field today. Kick-off is fast approaching in this one...
Referee David Coote blows his whistle and we are underway at Goodison Park!
It's been a pretty sedate opening to this one so far, McGinn crosses from deep on the left towards the far end of the penalty area where Bailey slips and is unable to gain control of the ball.
Everton have the first corner of the game after good work from Harrison, who swings over the delivery left footed straight into the hands of Martinez in the Villa goal.
Harrison is looking pretty lively for Everton, his deep cross the from the right reaches Danjuma who comically slices his volley. The ball eventually comes to Mykolenko, who slashes wildly over the top.
Oh dear! Pure comedy from Villa as Martinez takes a short one to Douglas Luiz, who is immediately under pressure from Onana. The Belgian midfielder almost steals it but ends up fouling Martinez on the slide tackle. It's a huge let-off for the visitors.
McGinn catches Doucoure late with a challenge that looked a lot worse on the slow-motion replay and he rightly escapes a yellow card.
Douglas Luiz puts his team under pressure with a sloppy foul on Branthwaite. It gives Everton the chance to take a shot at goal from the free-kick from around 25 yards but Garner shoots straight at the wall.
Oooft more promising play from the home side. Branthwaite plays a wonderful pass out to Danjuma on the left and his low delivery is well cut out by Moreno in the area. Villa haven't settled at all into this game yet.
Since their return to the Premier League in 2019, Aston Villa have remained unbeaten in their nine league games against Everton (W7 D2), keeping six clean sheets and winning the last five in a row.
Villa finally spark into some life. Watkins is played in behind the Everton defence and has a chance to work Pickford, but can only shoot straight at his England team-mate. He'll feel he might have done a bit better with that one.
Have Villa weathered that early pressure? Luiz finds Moreno down the left flank and the full-back's low ball needs intervention from Mykolenko. There have been a few signs of life from the away side in the last couple of minutes.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL FOR VILLA! Or is it? McGinn wins a corner off Tarkowski on the left, they take it short and it's worked back to Bailey, who finds Moreno on the edge of the D and the full-back hits an excellent low drive on the half-volley into the bottom-right corner. But the VAR are going to look at this one.
Well, after what felt like a lifetime, the goal is chalked out. Everton were appealing for offside against Bailey but Danjuma might have been keeping him on when he was on the ground. Lenglet might have also been in the line of vision of Pickford when Moreno struck it. The long and short of it is that this one is still locked at 0-0 and Everton have a reprieve.
Villa continue to press the issue here, though, and Moreno wins another corner in a battle with Coleman. It's taken short again but McGinn's eventual delivery is finally cleared despite a few nervy Everton moments.
Since that promising opening, Everton have really struggled to impose themselves on this game. Moreno has been a thorn in the side of the Toffees' backline, he's looked Villa's most potent weapon so far.
What on earth is Pickford thinking there? McGinn again tries to find Moreno on the left but he's miles away from goal. That doesn't stop the England keeper dashing out to try and get there but luckily Coleman already dealt with the danger. That could have ended up far worse for Everton.
WHAT A SAVE! That's more like it from Pickford. Villa worked the ball up to Watkins whose shot was going wide. Eventually it's re-worked, though, and Bailey angles one at the near post from the right-hand side of the area. Pickford is down brilliantly low to his left to palm the ball away. Great save but Villa are now well on top here.
There's a break in play here as Watkins challenges Tarkowski, who has a cut after being caught by the forward's arm.
Watkins goes into the book for catching Tarkowski in that aforementioned aerial challenge. Tarkowski is eventually okay to carry on after getting his cut cleaned up. It's a bit of a harsh yellow in all honesty.
No player has more Premier League assists this season than Aston Villa’s Ollie Watkins (8), while only Mohamed Salah (22) and Erling Haaland (18) have more goals and assists combined than the Villa frontman (9 goals, 8 assists). He’s only the fifth different English player with 8+ goals and 8+ assists in his team’s opening 20 games of a season, and first since Harry Kane in 2020-21 (12 goals, 11 assists).
Everton finally show a bit of life. Some aggressive hassling eventually leads to Danjuma getting a run into the penalty area. His shot eventually gets the corner from Carlos, but it comes to nothing.
This one is on a knife-edge at the moment. Villa will be disappointed not to be ahead after that earlier disallowed goal and the longer Everton stay alive in the contest the more their hopes grow of stealing a march in the game.
Watkins has been a real thorn in the side of the Everton defence. On more than one occasion Villa have gone pretty direct to try and find him early. Thus far it hasn't quite come to fruition but the more he probes the more likely he is to eventually get another opportunity.
There's another break in play here as Moreno takes a smack in the face (from a ball not a player). He has a bit of a bloody nose so he'll have to get that cleaned up.
Moreno again tries to get in down the left but it's good work from Coleman to defend the danger and it again comes to nought.
OH THAT SHOULD BE THE OPENER! Everton have soaked up so much pressure but they launch a counter with Danjuma's outside-of-the-boot throughball setting Calvert-Lewin through one-on-one. The striker shoots straight at Martinez when he should have buried it. The goalkeeper is called into action again soon after to deny Garner from the edge of the area. A big moment in this game that.
Everton will be deperately disappointed not to be ahead but it has galvanised them a little at the end of this half. Mykolenko has a tame volley straight at Martinez from Onana's deep delivery, but he was offside anyway.
There were eight minutes added on due to the few stoppages we've had in this first half so if either side is going to head into the break with the advantage then they're going to have to do something pretty quickly.
HALF-TIME: EVERTON 0-0 ASTON VILLA
Coote blows his whistle for half-time and we are goalless at Goodison Park. Villa thought they had the lead through an expertly taken strike from Moreno but it was chalked off after a lengthy VAR check for offside. The visitors probably had the better of the play but Everton have had the better chances, as shown by the fact the hosts have an xG of 1.00 to Villa's 0.29. The best of those went to Calvert-Lewin at the end of the half, he looked a striker out of form and ultimately he wasn't able to make the breakthrough.
So, the big question looking ahead to the second half is who can grab this one by the scruff of the neck and emerge victorious? Villa need to be a little more incisive if they are to do so, while for Everton it's a case of being clinical when the opportunities do present themselves. It's all to play for, so don't go anywhere folks...
Another blast of the whistle from Coote signals the start of the second half!
Carlos goes in the book and it's a very silly one. There's a throw-in over on the right and the centre-back just chucks the ball away to buy a bit of time to reset. He's walking a bit of a needless tightrope now for that.
Ouch! That's very nasty. Tarkowski and Mykolenko both go up in the air trying to defend the same ball and there's a collision of heads that leaves the Everton team-mates both in need of medical attention.
Mykolenko has definitely come off worse in this one and is still down being looked at by the Everton medical team, the Ukrainian has a very nasty cut as a result of the incident.. Dyche is in discussions with assistant Ian Woan about possible options if he has to come off here.
Mykolenko does carry on after extensive checks and returns to action with a lot of strapping around his head. It brings back memories of Terry Butcher (only not quite so much blood).
Oh dear. Everton have the chance to put a free-kick forward. Garner takes it short to Harrison, who just dinks it straight into the hands of Martinez. What a waste!
A Villa breakaway ultimately leads to a corner, which is taken short. Luiz delivers but Everton deal with the danger with ease.
CLOSE! It's been a very scrappy affair in the second half, not helped by the stoppage for Mykolenko. But McGinn has a chance centrally from just outside the goal and bends a left-footed effort just wide of the left-hand post. Diaby wanted a penalty for a foul from Tarkowski in the build-up but never in a million years was it a foul.
Up at the other end Danjuma has a chance to swing a leg at one but it's not the best effort and it goes harmlessly wide of the right-hand post.
Dyche opts to roll the dice. Calvert-Lewin, who really should have a goal to his name today, is replaced up front by Beto.
It's a double change for the Toffees with Danjuma, who in all honesty has done little to affect the game, is replaced by McNeil.
Emery is making some tactical switches to his forward line and as such Bailey, who hasn't done a great deal, comes off for Duran.
The ineffective Diaby is Villa's second man to be subbed off. The flying forward doesn't look impressed but he has to take a seat as Tielemans - back after a month on the sidelines with a calf injury - enters the fray.
This one certainly hasn't been a bad game by any stretch, but there have been some lull periods and some sloppy moments that have prevented a pattern emerging. There'll be at least another 30 minutes to play here, can anyone grab the initiative?
Unai Emery is currently averaging 2.02 points-per-game in the Premier League with Aston Villa (91 points in 45 games). He is currently the only manager in Premier League history to manage 40+ games with a club and have an average of two or more points-per-game but not to have won the title with that side.
There's another break here as Onana goes down after a collision with Tielemans. This one was in a rather more...sensitive...area. A quick check, a quick count and we're back underway.
The aftermath of the kerfuffle caused by Tarkowski's challenge on Moreno leads to Lenglet being cautioned for his reaction.
Tarkowski goes into the book for a bit of an overzealous challenge on Moreno having been frustrated at being held by Carlos. It all leads to a bit of pushing and shoving, which is quite in fitting with a game that is starting to show a bit of needle.
Emery opts to make a third sub as Carlos comes off for Cash, Villa's match-winner in the FA Cup against Middlesbrough last time out.
This one is just getting a bit scrappy now and Tielemans, having moments earlier lost possession in a dangerous area on the right, clumsily takes down Garner. It leads to a big reaction from the Goodison crowd but it's not malicious.
Moreno, who has a very good game, swings in a dangerous ball from the left flank. Duran has two attempts with the head but the second just floats harmlessly into the hands of Pickford.
Tielemans this time puts one in from the left and Branthwaite has to be alert to the danger, which he is and Everton get the ball away.
Officially we're into the final 10 minutes, but you have to assume there's going to be a large chunk of injury time added on. Still plenty of time for a winner.
For most of the game Villa have looked to attack down the left and again they do as Moreno crosses in. There's a bit of afters as Duran looks to push slightly on the injured head of Mykolenko, which leads to Branthwaite giving the Villa forward a little shove of his own.
Again it's down the Villa left and again it's Moreno who delivers low. Mykolenko does brilliantly to get across quickly and slide in to block from Cash. Plenty of huffing, plenty of puffing, but so far just absolutely no knocking down the door.
CHANCE! It's down the Villa right this time as substitute Cash gets down the flank and plays into the area where Duran gets the touch but it goes wide of the left-hand post. Agonising stuff!
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO-NO!! This time it's Everton who think they have the winner! It's played forward from deep and Doucoure races through into the penalty area. He fires a left-footed effort past Martinez, Goodison Park roars its approval, but the linesperson's flag is up and it's still 0-0!
Another roll of the dice from Emery here as McGinn comes off to be replaced by Zaniolo.
It's not quite as much as the first half but the fourth official's board shows there will be a minimum of seven minutes added on here at Goodison Park.
This one is just starting to peter out a little, it's not been a classic in the second half, more attritional.
Again down the left, again Moreno (it's like Groundhog Day). The full-back floats one in and Duran nods wide of the right post. He was backtracking in fairness and couldn't generate the power required.
We're into the final minute of the additional time now, can anyone snatch this right at the death?
FULL-TIME: EVERTON 0-0 ASTON VILLA
That's all she wrote at Goodison Park and it finishes goalless between Everton and Aston Villa. In truth, you have to say it was a fair result - the close nature of the match was reflected in the xG with Everton's 1.13 slightly higher than Villa's 1.11. There were definitely opportunities for both teams to win it, not least for Calvert-Lewin who really should have buried his chance when played through one-on-one at the end of the opening period. Villa did have the ball in the back of the net before that through the excellent Moreno, who was denied after a lengthy VAR check. The second half really failed to ignite and became a bit scrappy and needly, so really a point apiece is a fair reflection of the afternoon's proceedings. It means Everton are one point clear of 18th-placed Luton Town but they have played a game more. Villa, meanwhile, remain third in the table, two back of leaders Liverpool and level with Manchester City in second - both of whom have played one game fewer. Thank you for joining this afternoon!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Manchester United and Tottenham at Old Trafford!
It's been a mixed season for United so far, with both highs and a lot of lows for the Red Devils. They start the day in ninth place, sitting nine points off the top four, and aren't in great form to try and close that gap. In December, they won just two of their eight matches in all competitions (D1 L5), though both of those wins did come at home. They started the new year off with a 2-0 win over Wigan Athletic in the FA Cup and will be hoping to build on that to turn their league form around.
As for Spurs, a win here would not only see them complete their first league double over United in the Premier League era after winning the reverse fixture 2-0 in August, but it would also move them into the top four at Arsenal's expense. After a run of five without a victory in the Premier League, Spurs have lost just one of the following five matches, winning the other four. They also come into this game on the back of an FA Cup victory, with a late goal seeing them edge past Burnley 1-0 last time out.
MANCHESTER UNITED STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Diogo Dalot, Raphael Varane, Jonny Evans, Aaron Wan-Bissaka; Christian Eriksen, Kobbie Mainoo; Alejandro Garnacho, Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford; Rasmus Hojlund.
MANCHESTER UNITED SUBS: Scott McTominay, Lisandro Martinez, Altay Bayindir, Antony, Omari Forson, Facundo Pellistri, Tom Heaton, Casemiro, Willy Kambwala.
TOTTENHAM STARTING XI (4-3-3): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Destiny Udogie; Oliver Skipp, Rodrigo Bentancur, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg; Brennan Johnson, Richarlison, Timo Werner.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Fraser Forster, Radu Dragusin, Jamie Donley, Alfie Dorrington, Brandon Austin, Emerson Royal, Bryan Gil, Yago Alonso.
Erik ten Hag makes just one change to the side that beat Wigan in the FA Cup on Monday. Eriksen has recovered from illness to start, replacing McTominay, who drops to the bench. They're also boosted by the return of three players from injury, with Casemiro, Martinez and Antony among the substitutes.
Ange Postecoglou makes four changes from their late win over Burnley in the FA Cup last weekend. Romero is fit to start after a hamstring problem, with Van de Ven, Hojbjerg and Werner, who makes his debut for the club after joining on loan from RB Leipzig, also coming in. Emerson starts on the bench alongside their other new signing, Dragusin. Dejan Kulusevski is ill, while Ben Davies and Giovanni Lo Celso are both out injured.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Fernandes gets the game under way for United!
United are enjoying all of the possession in the opening minutes and will be looking to impress as Jim Ratcliffe is in the crowd for the first time. Rashford drives down the left before picking out Wan-Bissaka's underlapping run, but the pass is too heavy.
HOJLUND SCORES! What a start for United! Onana gets rid of it quickly to Garnacho, and he tees up Fernandes for a wonderful pass over the top for Rashford. He cuts inside from the left but runs into Hojlund before Udogie nicks it off the Englishman, but the interception goes straight to Hojlund, who gets it out of his feet and rifles it into the roof of the net. 1-0 United!
Dalot plays United into trouble deep in their own half with a sloppy pass to Bentancur, and he slots it into Richarlison. Evans steps in to stop him from getting a shot away, but Spurs win it back to earn a corner.
United have made a really bright start here as Mainoo sweeps it out to Garnacho on the right. He chooses to help it onto Dalot on the outside, but his low cross is blocked by Udogie.
CHANCE! Rashford is completely unmarked on the far side of the box as the corner is floated into him, and he meets it first time on the volley. It has Vicario scrambling across goal for a second, but it was always bouncing wide of the post.
Garnacho is offside for Fernandes' cross so Vicario collects, and he sets Spurs on a quick counter. Werner carries it down the left before it's worked across-field to Porro, but he snatches at his shot on the edge of the box, and it's comfortable for Onana.
OFF THE LINE! Evans glanced Werner's nodded pass to Richarlison out for a corner, and United are all over the place at the back. The set-piece comes in, and Bentancur flicks it towards the far post, but Dalot is well-placed to clear it off the line.
Spurs are upping the pressure now and win another corner on the opposite side. Porro's corner isn't convincingly cleared by Wan-Bissaka, and though Skipp keeps it alive, Johnson is offside when it comes to him.
Hojlund has now scored in consecutive league appearances for the first time since February 2023 for Atalanta, when he netted against Lazio and Lecce in Serie A.
It's a brilliant switch of play from Mainoo out to Rashford on the left, and he knocks it past Porro before pulling it back from the byline. He has Hojlund and Fernandes waiting in the middle, but Romero sticks out a leg to block it.
RICHARLISON EQUALISES! Spurs win another corner, and Porro floats it into the crowd on the edge of the six-yard box. Richarlison rises above everyone else to flick it onto the far post, and it bounces in at the far post to bring Spurs level. 1-1!
Porro's deliveries on corners have been good so far, and he sends United scrambling once more, and no one in red can get close to it.
Spurs are dominating possession now, and United are dropping deeper into their own half. The Red Devils are staying compact, trying to ride out this wave of pressure.
Werner drives forward down the left, and when he cuts inside, there's wide open space ahead of him. His eyes light up as he takes it on from range, but he gets it all wrong as it sails high and well wide of the target.
Wan-Bissaka slides in on Johnson, and though he got the ball, he took out the Spurs man with his follow-through. He gets the first booking of the game, much to United's frustration.
The offside flag goes up against Spurs, and when the whistle goes to signal the decision, Bentancur kicks the ball away. He's booked for time-wasting.
United are starting to regain their rhythm from earlier, as Fernandes and Rashford link up down the left. The latter tries to dink a cross into Hojlund, but Porro rushes out to smother it.
Spurs have now scored in each of their last 33 Premier League games, since a 1-0 defeat at Wolves in March last season. It's the outright-longest scoring run in the club's league history.
SAVE! There's isn't a lot of room for Werner down the left, so it's switched out to the right side once more. Johnson takes a touch before trying his luck from just inside the box, but it's a comfortable one for Onana.
There are half-hearted shouts from Garnacho and some of the Old Trafford crowd as the youngster goes down in the box. He had Udogie tight to his back when he went down, but there wasn't a lot in it, and the referee waves him back to his feet.
Fernandes' cross is too high, and once again, Spurs quickly move it from one end of the field to the other. Porro lifts another good cross in from the right, but nobody is in the middle to reach this one.
Van de Ven wants too long on the ball, and Hojlund picks his pocket before poking it forward for Fernandes. He can't bring it under control with Bentancur behind him, and the Uruguayan helps it back to Vicario.
OFF THE POST! Rashford whips a cross in from the left, and it's too high for Hojlund in the middle. Udogie knows Garnacho is somewhere behind him, so tries to head it out, but it smacks back off the post, much to his relief.
RASHFORD SCORES! United are back in the lead! It's been coming in the last few minutes, and the hosts win it back high upfield once more. It's quickly worked out to the left, and Rashford plays a one-two with Hojlund before drilling a low shot past Vicario and into the far bottom corner. 2-1 United!
Hojlund had Romero tight to his back, and all he needs to do is cushion it back into Rashford's path as he shields the defender from the ball.
Spurs are looking to get a quick response with half-time quickly approaching, and Skipp tries to set Richarlison away through the middle. He can't bring it under control though, and Evans hooks it away.
Garnacho has acres of space to run into down the right again, and he tries to set up Hojlund. The Dane helps it onto Rashford on the far side instead, and he leaves Porro on the ground as he checks inside, only to run into Romero.
WIDE! United are caught out with a simple big switch out to Werner on the left, and he wrongfoots Dalot as he dummies cutting inside. He drives into the box, but drags at his shot, sending it wide of the far post.
OFF THE BAR! United are all over the place on another corner as Porro picks out Romero with the delivery this time. He gets above Garnacho to thump a header on goal, but it's just too high as it smacks the crossbar.
Hojlund tried to prevent Spurs from taking a quick free-kick inside their own half by walking over the ball, and then gets involved in an argument with Romero. He's booked for time-wasting.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 2-1 TOTTENHAM.
United take a 2-1 lead over Spurs into half-time. The Red Devils couldn't have gotten off to a better start as Hojlund rifled a powerful shot into the roof of the net for his second Premier League goal. At the other end, Richarlison extended his scoring run, rising highest on a corner to glance in the equaliser. 20 minutes later, Rashford restored United's lead, drilling a low shot into the bottom corner. Udogie also struck his own goalpost with an attempted clearance, before Romero thumped a header against the bar at the other end.
Ten Hag will be fairly pleased with what he's seen so far, at least in an attacking sense. United have shown a threat going forward, but at the other end, they've looked shaky, especially from corners, which is something he'll want to improve on. Spurs, meanwhile, will be looking to exploit that further having shown their biggest threat from set-pieces, but Postecoglou will be expecting a big improvement in the second half as they try to get back into this game.
Spurs get us back under way for the second half!
BENTANCUR EQUALISES! What a start to the second half for Spurs! Romero cuts United's midfield wide open with a throughball into Skipp, and he drives through the middle before switching it out to Werner on the left. He lays it off to Bentancur, who runs at Evans, gets a yard on the defender, and fires a powerful shot past Onana and into the far corner. 2-2!
Werner could've cut inside and tried to go for goal himself, but instead, he tees up Bentancur and gets an assist on his debut.
Rashford latches onto a loose pass, and instantly turns on his heels to run at Spurs' defence. He doesn't get far before Romero steps in his path, and the attack fizzles out.
Johnson clips it in from the right, and Dalot is at full stretch to glance it away from Werner, who is hovering on the far side of the box. The right-back then sets Garnacho on the counter, but he runs it out of play.
SAVE! Spurs have all of the momentum here, and Bentancur threads another good throughball into the middle for Skipp. He has a crowd in front of him, so he sweeps it out to Richarlison instead, but his low shot is straight at Onana.
Fernandes has his pocket picked, but luckily for him, Hojbjerg's switch out to Skipp is short. Wan-Bissaka slides it forward for Rashford to chase, but he can't reach it. Neither team is able to keep hold of the ball at the moment.
Porro's free-kick on the right is thumped out for a corner by Varane, but he doesn't have much luck from that either. The Spaniard's cross is flicked away by Evans, and Garnacho helps it out of the danger zone.
CHANCE! Spurs' corner count is up to nine, as Evans heads out Porro's latest delivery for another. The Spaniard clips this one to the far side for Werner, and he hits it on the volley, but it sails over the bar.
With United struggling to get a foothold so far in the second half, Ten Hag is making his first change. Eriksen is taken off, with McTominay on in his place.
It's a clever flick from Fernandes out to Hojlund on the left, and he surges down the wing before squaring it into the middle. It looks like Vicario has it covered, but Udogie puts it out for a corner just in front of him. It comes to nothing for the hosts.
WIDE! Hojlund knocks it through to Wan-Bissaka, and he almost gets a sight of goal before Bentancur takes it off his toe. His interception rolls straight to McTominay's feet, but he drills his low shot just wide of the far post.
United's second change of the game sees Martinez make his return from a long injury lay-off as he replaces Evans.
Udogie keeps the ball in play, but when he turns to go back into the box, he gets into a tangle with Garnacho, with both players slipping. Dalot's clearance is poor as he gifts it to Skipp, but the right-back recovers well to cut out the pass to Richarlison.
McTominay nicked the ball off Udogie, and the left-back stayed down holding his ankle. He needs treatment, and he's quickly back to his feet but moving gingerly. He's able to carry on.
Porro's corner is only half-cleared by McTominay as far as Skipp on the edge of the box. He lets it bounce before putting his laces through the half-volley, but McTominay is there again to help it out for another corner.
Johnson looks to have a free run down the right, but Martinez reads it well for United. He steps in before the cross can go into the box, and picks the winger's pocket to clear the danger for United.
Hojlund's pressure on Bentancur pays off as he forces him into a turnover, and Garnacho tries to pick out the Dane with a throughball. Spurs crowd him out on the edge of the box though, seeing it back to Vicario.
Wan-Bissaka commits himself to try and intercept a pass, but misses the ball, so it rolls through to Johnson. Martinez is on the cover, but the winger gets the shot away quickly. Onana gets behind it and holds onto it.
Richarlison wants a free-kick after losing the ball to Martinez, but United are allowed to carry on, with Garnacho bursting down the right. He curls an early cross towards the far post which Rashford isn't reaching it, but they win a corner off Porro.
It's another long ball over the top that has United's defence scrambling as Skipp looks for Johnson. His clever backheel flick looks to set him through on goal until Wan-Bissaka gets back to shield it into Onana.
Werner's Spurs debut comes to an end after 80 minutes as he's replaced by Gil in Postecoglou's first change.
McTominay gets it into Fernandes, and his throughball slides between Spurs' centre-backs as he looks for Rashford. The Englishman's first touch lets him down though, and it's a comfortable one for Vicario.
Garnacho goes for the big switch out to Rashford on the left once more, and he goes past Johnson before coming up against Porro. The Spaniard steps across him to stop the run, and United have a free-kick just outside the box.
Spurs' second change is a defensive one. Dragusin comes on to make his Premier League debut as he replaces Skipp.
Fernandes steps up to take the free-kick on the left and he whips it towards the near post, but it hits Porro in the wall. McTominay debates keeping it alive on the far side, but instead, accepts a throw-in.
The final roll of the dice for United sees Rashford taken off, with Antony on in his place.
Van de Ven attempts to make a long, slow walk off the pitch, but the referee shepherds him off at the nearest point. Emerson is on for the last few minutes.
The board goes up to show there will be a minimum of five added minutes as United push forward once more. Antony swings a cross in from the right, but he can't pick out a red shirt in a very crowded box.
It's a great tackle from Wan-Bissaka to stop Johnson on the halfway line, and United counter again, only for it to fizzle out in the final third. Fernandes is trying to pick out Hojlund, but it's an easy clearance for Emerson on the penalty spot.
WHAT A CHANCE! Was that the opportunity for United to win it? It's a wonderful cross from Garnacho on the left, and McTominay is unmarked as he rises to meet it. He thumps a header on goal, but it sails just over the crossbar.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 2-2 TOTTENHAM.
Spurs come from behind twice to earn a 2-2 draw with United. The hosts got off to a perfect start as Hojlund rifled them in front in just under three minutes, though they were pegged back shortly after when Richarlison glanced in a corner to equalise. Rashford put the Red Devils back in front just before half-time with a composed finish while Udogie hit his own post with an attempted clearance and Romero thumped a header against the bar at the other end. Spurs came out flying for the second half, scoring in under a minute as Bentancur drilled a powerful shot across goal to get them back on level terms again. McTominay almost snatched a win in the dying seconds for United, only to head just over the crossbar. It's a point that lifts United up to seventh, and next up for them is an FA Cup tie against either Newport County or Eastleigh in two weeks' time. Spurs miss the chance to move into the top four but are now level on points with Arsenal above them. They host Manchester City in the fourth round of the FA Cup next time out. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Newcastle United and Manchester City at St James' Park!
Newcastle have had a tough time of it in the league recently, having lost six of their last nine games in the competition (W3 D1). They've lost their last three in a row in the Premier League, a run which followed their exit from the EFL Cup in the quarter-finals as they were beaten on penalties by Chelsea. They did win last time out, beating local rivals Sunderland 3-0 in the FA Cup. Eddie Howe will be hoping they can emulate their 1-0 win over City in the EFL Cup earlier this season though to get them back on track.
City are aiming to try and close the gap to leaders Liverpool to just two points, with the Reds not playing until next weekend. After a slight blip in form, the Citizens have turned things around again, and are currently on an eight-match unbeaten run in all competitions (W7 D1), winning their last four in the league before their 5-0 FA Cup win over Huddersfield Town last time out. They have a good record against Newcastle though, winning more games (30) and scoring more goals (98) against them than any other opponent in the Premier League.
NEWCASTLE UNITED STARTING XI (4-3-3): Martin Dubravka; Kieran Trippier, Fabian Schar, Sven Botman, Dan Burn; Sean Longstaff, Bruno Guimaraes, Lewis Miley; Miguel Almiron, Alexander Isak, Anthony Gordon.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Lewis Hall, Matt Ritchie, Alex Murphy, Ben Parkinson, Mark Gillespie, Jamaal Lascelles, Loris Karius, Paul Dummett, Emil Krafth.
MANCHESTER CITY STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Ruben Dias, Nathan Ake, Josko Gvardiol; Mateo Kovacic, Rodri; Bernardo Silva, Phil Foden, Jeremy Doku; Julian Alvarez.
MANCHESTER CITY SUBS: Sergio Gomez, Matheus Nunes, Rico Lewis, Kevin De Bruyne, Oscar Bobb, Stefan Ortega, Mahamadou Susoho, Jack Grealish, Kalvin Phillips.
Howe makes just one change to the side that beat Sunderland in the FA Cup last weekend, and it's an enforced one. Joelinton picked up a thigh injury in that game, so he misses out today. He's replaced by Miley on the left of midfield.
Pep Guardiola makes six changes from their FA Cup victory over Huddersfield last time out. Ederson is back in goal, with Walker, Ake, Rodri, Doku and Silva, who missed that game through illness also coming in. Ortega, Gomez, Lewis, Bobb and Grealish drop to the bench, while Manuel Akanji is out with a knee injury. There's still no Erling Haaland either due to a foot injury.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Alvarez gets the game under way for City!
NO GOAL! It's a wonderful move from Newcastle in their own half before Trippier lifts it over the top to pick out Isak's run down the right. He squares it to Longstaff on the edge of the six-yard box and he pokes it in, but before he can even begin his celebration, the offside flag goes up.
Ederson collided heavily with Walker, who was sliding in to try and block the shot, and he's still down receiving treatment on his knee. City aren't happy as they think this could've been avoided by raising the flag earlier as Isak was clearly offside.
WHAT A CHANCE! Ederson is back on his feet to continue, but he looks incredibly shaky. Ake knocks it back to him, and the keeper kicks it straight at Almiron, who closes him down quickly, and Guimaraes pounces on the rebound, but he can't set up Almiron for a shot.
Ederson is back on the floor and Guardiola is screaming to his bench that a change needs to be made after that earlier mistake. The goalkeeper throws his gloves down in frustration, and his game is coming to an early end.
Ederson limps his way off the pitch with the medical team and heads straight down the tunnel. Ortega comes on in his place.
City are pushing forward with intent here and Doku makes a driving run inside from the left, riding two challenges before eventually running into Guimaraes. He still tries to pick out Alvarez, but Botman cuts out the loose pass.
Newcastle have won just one of their last 32 Premier League games against City (D5 L28), beating them 2-1 at St James' Park in January 2019.
Gvardiol cuts Newcastle wide open with his throughball into Foden, and he darts into the box before pulling it back towards Alvarez on the penalty spot. Guimaraes slides in to block it, giving away a corner which comes to nothing.
CHANCE! Almiron was caught offside just moments ago, but this time, the linesman's flag doesn't go up against him as he races down the wing. He drills his low cross into the box for Isak, but he stumbles, sending his shot wide.
OVER! City counter quickly, with Rodri playing a wonderful throughball out to Doku on the left. He lays it off to Kovacic, who trips over the ball, and Foden can't control it behind him either. Silva follows in, but blazes his first-time shot over the bar.
City are upping the pressure again here, and using their width to cause Newcastle some problems. They look to Foen on the right on this occasion, but his drilled shot is blocked by Burn's outstretched leg.
The ball is gone when Guimaraes slides in on Kovacic, and he catches the Croatian with his trailing leg. He's shown the first booking of the game.
Newcastle have everyone apart from Isak back on the edge of their own box. Foden can't pick out a pass from the right, so looks to Rodri, but his throughball is cut out by Botman. There's just no space for the visitors in the final third at the moment.
Gordon knocks the ball past Dias and it looks like he has the beating of him until the defender knocks him off the side of the pitch. The throw-in is given in City's favour, and the Newcastle fans are furious with the referee's decision.
WHAT A GOAL! It's stunning from Silva! Doku plays a wonderful switch out to Walker on the right, and he clips his cross onto the edge of the six-yard box. Schar is tight to Silva's side, but the midfielder improvises with a brilliant backheel flick which rolls past Dubravka and into the back of the net. 1-0 City!
Walker is under absolutely no pressure from the Newcastle players when it comes to him, and he plays the cross just in time to make sure Silva won't be flagged offside.
Tempers are starting to flare a little bit here, with Newcastle feeling especially hard done by because they didn't get a free-kick for the earlier foul on Gordon. When Guimaraes is tripped and they do get a decision, the fans sarcastically cheer the referee.
GREAT SAVE! There's so much space in behind Newcastle at the moment, and Alvarez plays a great cross in from the left to pick out Silva. He's unmarked and hits it first time on the volley, but Dubravka gets two strong hands to it.
Almiron beats City's offside trap this time and takes it to the byline before chipping it into the middle towards Isak. He sets himself to hit the shot, but Kovacic gets back just in time to intercept it.
CHANCE! Ortega wants too long on the ball and Isak charges him down to win the ball back. Guimaraes unselfishly tries to tee up the Swede for a shot, but Rodri slides in with a vital challenge to put it out for a corner.
GOOD SAVE! Ortega just about gets away with an under-pressure clearance, but Burns slips when he tries to bring it down, allowing Foden to break. He bursts down the right before picking out Silva, but he's denied at the near post by Dubravka.
ISAK EQUALISES! Schar slides in with a brilliant tackle to nick it off Doku, and when it comes to Guimaraes in the middle, he instantly sweeps it forward for Isak. He races past Walker to reach it before checking inside and curling a delightful finish past Ortega and into the back of the net. 1-1!
It's superb play from Guimaraes, who has the vision to spot Isak's run through the middle and then execute it with a perfectly-weighted pass.
GORDON SCORES! Newcastle have turned this game around in a couple of minutes! Isak steps in to nick it off Rodri on the halfway line, and the Magpies don't waste any time as Burn slides it down the left for Gordon. He checks inside before using Gvardiol as a shield to curl his shot into the same spot as Isak only moments ago. 2-1 Newcastle!
Like Guimaraes before, Burn doesn't hold up the play by trying to take too many touches - he just gets it down the wing, setting Gordon on his way.
Doku is hovering behind Schar's shoulder, and the defender stumbles over the ball, allowing the Belgian to get in behind. He drives into the box, but Botman is there to prevent a shot at the expense of a corner.
GOOD SAVE! City are all over the place as Isak is slipped in again. He gets in between the two centre-backs, getting a yard on Dias to poke a shot towards goal from just inside the box, but Ortega gets behind it to smother it.
Gvardiol is too casual as he waits for Dias' pass and Trippier cuts in front of him to intercept. He volleys a great cross towards the far post, but none of his team-mates are in the box to get on the end of it.
WIDE! Trippier dinks another good ball over the top and Almiron brings it down, dragging Ortega out to the right side of the box. He chips his shot over the goalkeeper, but it bounces wide before the flag goes up against him once more.
We're into eight added minutes at the end of the first half as Almiron pushes forward down the right again. He's cut off by Gvardiol, but Trippier quickly wins it back and crosses to Gordon, but he can't hit the shot cleanly.
Rodri gets caught by Guimaraes, and goes down a little dramatically, knowing the Brazilian is on a yellow card. The referee plays the advantage, and City aren't happy when the Spaniard is pulled up for a retaliation foul on Guimaraes.
Just to add insult to injury in the visitors' minds, Rodri is booked for his foul on Guimaraes, and he's arguing with the referee about the decision. He needs to be careful.
It looks like City are going to get in behind again as Kovacic slides it forward for Doku, but Almiron slides in with a brilliant tackle to stop the attack. The hosts try to counter, but Trippier is caught offside.
HALF-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 2-1 MANCHESTER CITY.
Newcastle come from behind to lead City 2-1 at half-time after a great first half of football. Longstaff was denied a goal by the offside flag after just 90 seconds, but Ederson was forced off shortly after for an injury sustained trying to save it. Silva gave City the lead in style with a wonderful backheel flick from the edge of the six-yard box in the 26 minutes. Two goals in just over two minutes flipped things on their head though as Isak and Gordon both curled great shots into the bottom right corner to put Newcastle in front.
Howe will be particularly pleased with how his side responded to going behind, and they arguably could've had more if they'd taken their chances. He'll want more of the same, but they need to improve on trying to beat the offside trap. Guardiola's frustration continued to increase as the half went on, with his side looking very disjointed after conceding twice in quick succession. He'll be after a big improvement as they try to turn this game around.
Newcastle get us back under way for the second half!
There are big shouts for handball by the City players as they think it struck Miley's arm when he blocked Doku's cross. The Belgian was closest to it and carries on without protest, with the referee also giving a shake of his head.
It's all City in the opening minutes here, but their final ball into the box is just letting them down at the moment. Doku tries to play a one-two with Rodri, but the return pass is played straight to Botman, who clears his lines.
GOOD SAVE! Rodri is fouled by Burn to win a free-kick through the middle, and City aren't happy when a card isn't taken out of the referee's pocket. Alvarez takes the set-piece, curling his shot through a gap in the wall towards the near post, but Dubravka pushes it away.
City haven't scored first and trailed at half-time in the Premier League since a 3-3 draw with Newcastle in August 2022 (2-1 down at half-time).
Silva kicks Schar's legs out from under him, getting nowhere near the ball. The referee thinks about it for a moment before giving him a yellow card.
City are staying camped deep in Newcastle's half at the moment, but they just aren't gelling in the final third. Rodri lifts it over the top for Gvardiol, but Trippier just does enough to stop him from nodding it down to Silva.
City have reinforcements warming up as Alvarez goes over to take a corner, but he chooses to go short to Silva. It's a wasted opportunity for the visitors as they can't pass their way into the box once again.
After soaking up another long spell of City pressure, Trippier attempts to get his side out of their compact shape. He drives down the right, only to be shepherded out by Gvardiol.
GREAT BLOCK! City break quickly on the counter, with Alvarez threading it into Walker at the byline. He brushes Gordon off to pull it back into the middle, and Guimaraes takes it off his toe before poking it away from Rodri, who was following in.
GOOD SAVE! This time, City do manage to open up a pocket of space in Newcastle's penalty area as Doku pokes it into Alvarez on the left of the box. He whips a shot on goal, but Dubravka punches it away.
It's almost too intricate from City as Kovacic slides it into Foden, who in turn picks out Doku. Instead of trying to hit a shot first time, he tries to drag it around Schar, and the ball rolls harmlessly to Dubravka.
GOOD SAVE! Newcastle use the opportunity to move it upfield in a couple of passes, and Isak is racing onto Longstaff's cross. Ortega reads it well though, and he rushes forward to smother it, taking the chance away from the Swede.
City's second change of the game sees the goalscorer, Silva, taken off with De Bruyne on in his place. His first involvement is going to be taking a free-kick just outside the box.
CHANCE! De Bruyne's free-kick is straight into the wall, but Dias keeps it alive for the visitors, sending it pinballing through the box. It bounces up nicely for Alvarez, but he leans back, sending his shot sailing over the bar.
De Bruyne is already causing problems as he links up with Foden down the right before pulling it back to Alvarez in the middle. Burn slips trying to get across to it, but ends up in the right place to block Alvarez's first-time shot.
DE BRUYNE EQUALISES! What an impact he's had since coming on, and he's scored with just his fifth touch in the game! City win a free-kick on the halfway line, and after drawing the Magpies out of their shape, Rodri slides it forward for De Bruyne. He makes a weaving run through the rest of Newcastle's half before taking a shot from the edge of the D and drilling it low into the far bottom corner. 2-2!
It's a great throughball from Rodri into De Bruyne's feet, taking Newcastle's midfield out of the game.
Ortega hasn't coped well when put under pressure from Newcastle's front line today, and he's forced into another error as he kicks it straight out of play. Gordon takes the throw-in quickly, but Isak can't latch onto it.
De Bruyne is being given a lot of space down the right, and after more patient build-up from the visitors, he's picked out. He drills a low cross into the six-yard box, but it's too close to Dubravka.
De Bruyne's strike was City's 100th against Newcastle in the Premier League, the first side they've netted a century against in the competition.
City's final change sees Doku taken off, with Bobb on in his place.
GOOD SAVE! Rodri runs at Schar on the edge of the box, before dropping a shoulder to wrongfoot the defender so that he can drill a shot towards the far post. Dubravka gets down quickly, tipping it wide.
De Bruyne swings it in with the outside of his right boot, and Dubravka has to scramble to his near post. Alvarez tries to get under it on the line, but the keeper manages to tip it over the bar just in time.
Newcastle are making their first change now, and it's Gordon that's going off for Hall.
Still, Newcastle have no answer to De Bruyne's threat down the right, and he fizzes another dangerous cross into the middle. Bobb is running onto it at the near post, but Botman gets in front of him to stop him from getting a tap-in.
City are pushing for a late winner as the end of the game ticks closer, but Newcastle are still standing their ground well. They're getting bodies in the box, keeping it in the wide areas for now.
BOBB SCORES! Have City won it late on? De Bruyne floats a lovely ball over the top to pick out Bobb's run off the back of Trippier, and the youngster darts in behind him, taking it off the defender's toe before rounding Dubravka, who rushes off his line, to slot it into the empty net. It's wonderful composure, and he makes it 3-2 City!
You can't argue that the game changed with De Bruyne's introduction, and after pulling his side level, he's now assisted what could be the winner with a wonderful pass.
Almiron is adamant that the ball hit a City hand in the box, but the referee is having none of it. Newcastle can't keep it upfield for long though, and they've only got seconds left to try and get an equaliser.
FULL-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 2-3 MANCHESTER CITY.
De Bruyne comes off the bench to help City come from behind to beat Newcastle 3-2. The Magpies had a goal disallowed for offside inside 90 seconds, which also resulted in Ederson having to go off injured as he collided with Walker trying to make the save. City took the lead through Silva, who scored an audacious backheel flick, but two goals in just over two minutes put Newcastle in control, with Isak and Gordon both bending in lovely finishes. The hosts looked fairly comfortable, at least until the 69th minute when De Bruyne was introduced. The Belgian drilled in an equaliser from the edge of the box five minutes later before picking out Bobb in stoppage time, with the youngster coolly slotting into an empty net after rounding the goalkeeper. It's a win that moves City up to second in the table, now just two points behind Liverpool. Next up for them is Tottenham in the FA Cup in two weeks' time. That's now four Premier League defeats in a row for Newcastle as they stay in 10th. They travel to Fulham for their FA Cup tie next time out. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Sheffield United and West Ham at Bramall Lane.
It has been a dismal first season back in the top-flight for the hosts, picking up just two victories so far this term to leave them eight points from safety. This is the Blades' first Premier League game of 2024 after a potentially confidence-boosting 4-0 away win at League Two side Gillingham last weekend, and with both of their league victories this season coming at Bramall Lane, the home fans will be hoping for another much-needed win here.
Unlike their hosts, West Ham suffered FA Cup disappointment last time out, losing 1-0 away at second-tier Bristol City. The Hammers are still in good Premier League nick, however, currently sixth ahead of the likes of Manchester United and Chelsea. A run of four league games without defeat has helped, with three victories during that spell, and another three points here could close the gap on fifth-placed rivals Tottenham to just three points.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-4-3): Wes Foderingham; Anel Ahmedhodzic, Jack Robinson, Auston Trusty; Jayden Bogle, James McAtee, Vinicius, Gustavo Hamer; Ben Brereton, William Osula, Andre Brooks.
SUBS: Femi Seriki, Oliver Norwood, Rhys Norrington-Davies, Rhian Brewster, Jili Buyabu, Cameron Archer, Oliver McBurnie, Ben Osborn, Jordan Amissah.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Kurt Zouma, Emerson; Tomas Soucek, James Ward-Prowse; Jarrod Bowen, Pablo Fornals, Maxwel Cornet; Danny Ings.
SUBS: Ben Johnson, Divin Mubama, Lukasz Fabianski, Kaelan Casey, Angelo Ogbonna, Lewis Orford, Aaron Cresswell, Oliver Scarles, Callum Marshall.
Chris Wilder hands new signing Brereton a Premier League debut in attack as one of four changes from his team's last Premier League outing, a 2-0 defeat at Manchester City. The Chile international comes in for Anis Ben Slimane and will join Osula, who scored a brace at Gillingham, in attack. McAtee also netted a double against the Gills, enough to earn him a spot in midfield in place of Norwood, while Hamer comes in for Luke Thomas, who had his loan from Leicester City terminated last week. Ahmedhodzic for George Baldock is the other change.
David Moyes also goes with four changes from his team's last league game, a goalless draw at home to Brighton in early January. With Mohammed Kudus at the Africa Cup of Nations and Michail Antonio injured, Cornet and Ings are handed rare starts, with the former having made just one substitute appearance in the Premier League this term. Coufal and Zouma also come into the starting XI with Johnson and Ogbonna dropping to the bench, while Edson Alvarez is absent altogether.
The two teams make their way onto the Bramall Lane pitch ahead of a big game at both ends of the table. Who can take the three points? We will find out shortly!
The visitors kick us off and we are under way in Sheffield!
Robinson heaves an early long throw into the Hammers' box, though the returning Zouma makes an important header before his fellow defenders finish the job by clearing upfield.
West Ham have won each of their last eight Premier League games against newly promoted sides, since a 1-0 defeat to Nottingham Forest in August 2022.
Both sides have held each other at arm's length so far, with the two defences looking largely untroubled. Sheffield United have scored six goals fewer than any other Premier League side so far this term, while only Manchester United have scored less goals than West Ham in the top half.
Hamer tries his luck from range, and while he is certainly capable of finding the back of the net from that distance, this time he fires well wide. The Blades have shaded these opening exchanges.
Vinicius sends a rasping drive goalwards from 30 yards out, but it only serves to sting the palms of Areola, who gathers at the second attempt. The home fans must surely be encouraged by their team's start, however.
There's a nervy moment for Foderingham as he comes for a long throw and doesn't get there, but Ings' effort bounces well wide of the target, much to the majority of Bramall Lane's relief.
CHANCE! A loose touch in the hosts' defence is latched upon by the opportunistic Ings, who lays it into Bowen. He makes the space for a shot on his left foot, but he drags well wide of the target. Bowen has been on fire on the road this season, and he will be disappointed not to have made Foderingham work there.
Zouma brings down Osula right on the edge of the box, and the home side will have a free-kick in a great shooting position. Hamer has grabbed the ball and will almost certainly be the man trusted to take it.
It is a wasted opportunity in the end, as Hamer can only hit the wall with his free-kick, with Emerson nodding away from danger.
West Ham fail to fully clear another long throw, and the ball sits up nicely for Brooks. It's a wild effort from Brooks, though, and the ball soars high into the stands.
Twenty minutes on the clock at Bramall Lane, and while the hosts have been the better team, it's the visitors who have had the best opportunity when Bowen fired wide. Wilder will be desperate for his side to make the most of being on top.
Wilder has won just one of his five meetings with West Ham in all competitions (one draw, three defeats), winning 1-0 with the Blades at Bramall Lane in the Premier League in January 2020.
Space opens up for Brereton to try for a goal on his Premier League debut, though his right-footed effort is straight down the throat of Areola.
Sheffield United lost 1-0 at home to West Ham the last time they hosted them in the league (November 2020) – they have not lost consecutive home league meetings with the Hammers since February 1963.
CHANCE! Trusty finds himself in too much space as a corner comes in, but he can't make full use of the free header as he nods straight at Areola. That's exactly the type of chance that needs to be put away if the Blades are to haul themselves out of trouble.
GOOOAAALLL!!! CORNET FIRES WEST HAM IN FRONT!!! It's been a hugely frustrating campaign for Cornet, and this will mean the world to him as he repays Moyes' faith with a goal on his first league start of the season. The ball sits up for Ings in the box, and while his initial shot is blocked, it deflects kindly to the back post for Cornet, who makes no mistake as he fires into the back of the net. 1-0 to the Hammers!
In a game that they have been the better side in, that goal will be another huge blow to the Blades' hopes of survival. Wilder will be desperate for a response, but as so often has been the case this season, his team's toothlessness in front of goal could make that difficult.
Sheffield United have become the first side to concede 50 Premier League goals this season, doing so in just 21 games. In the competition's history, only Barnsley in 1997-98 (19) have conceded 50 in fewer games from the start of a campaign.
West Ham have lost just one of their last 13 Premier League games in which they've scored the opening goal (nine wins, three draws), losing to Manchester City in September last year. That doesn't bode well for the hosts.
Osula receives the ball in the box before turning and firing, though his shot from a tight angle only flies out for a throw-in on the opposite side of the pitch.
The first booking of the game goes to Hamer for a cynical pullback on Fornals, who was on the charge.
Bowen's cutback into the box is cleared, but only to Ings. The former Southampton man fires goalwards, but Trusty is well-placed to make a vital block to ensure his team don't fall two goals behind.
Ward-Prowse goes in the book for bringing down Bogle in midfield after Cornet gave the ball away.
GOOOAAALLL!!! BRERETON SCORES ON HIS PREMIER LEAGUE DEBUT!!! What a huge moment this could be for Sheffield United as their new forward finds the back of the net to level. Trusty nods a long ball into the box, and though Osula's initial header is saved brilliantly by Areola, the ball falls kindly for Brereton to rifle home and make it 1-1!
We are into two minutes of additional time as the hosts look to take advantage of their newfound momentum and score a quick second before the break.
HALF-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 1-1 WEST HAM
The half-time whistle blows, probably coming at a bad time for Sheffield United as they go into the break level at 1-1 with West Ham thanks to Brereton's 44th-minute leveller, his first goal for his new team. The Blades shaded the opening exchanges, but it was the visitors who took the lead with 28 minutes gone, Cornet pouncing upon a loose ball to fire home on his first Premier League start of the season. It appeared Moyes' men would take that advantage into the interval, but after Osula saw a header saved by Areola, Brereton latched onto the rebound to power home and give his new side a real boost ahead of the second half.
The momentum swung the way of the Blades at the end of that opening 45 minutes, and Wilder will be keen for his side to maintain that after the break. A win could prove absolutely vital for his team, and with West Ham missing some key players, this is surely a big opportunity for the Premier League's bottom club to pick up a much-needed three points.
McBurnie comes on for Osula at the break. Will that give the Blades a boost in attack?
The hosts get the ball rolling again for the second half.
Brereton is the 10th Chilean player to score a Premier League goal, and the first since Alexis Sanchez for Manchester United against Newcastle United in October 2018.
McBurnie has scored in each of his last three home Premier League appearances for Sheffield United, a club record for consecutive scoring appearances at Bramall Lane in the competition, but has ended on the losing side in all three games. He’s the only player in Premier League history to achieve this unfortunate feat for any club. Can he net again here, and this time with a better result?
A short corner ends with Hamer crossing into the West Ham box, but Trusty's header goalwards is poor and flies high and wide of the target. It's been a decent start to the half for the hosts, though.
West Ham have won their last three Premier League games against Sheffield United, keeping a clean sheet each time. They had only won two of their previous 12 league meetings with the Blades before this (six draws, four losses).
A Hamer free-kick ends up with McBurnie at the back post, but after his initial header is blocked, he then loops the rebound over the crossbar. The Blades are on top at the moment.
WHAT A MISS! A golden opportunity for the Blades to take the lead comes and goes as Brereton latches onto McAtee's throughball. The forward bears down on goal before firing, but he can only drag his shot well wide of the left post! That could prove to be a crucial miss.
The hosts have had 57.8 per cent of the possession so far in this game, as well as 16 shots to West Ham's seven. However, the score remains level at one apiece.
Moyes must surely be looking to make a change soon, with the hosts growing in momentum. However, injuries and other availability issues mean his bench is seriously depleted.
The Hammers are struggling to get much going in attack, with the absences of Lucas Paqueta and Kudus looming large. Which of the visiting players can step up for their team?
Brereton, having equalised near the end of the first half, makes way for Archer as Wilder looks to freshen up his attack.
Brooks goes in the book for scything down the marauding Emerson.
Ward-Prowse's delivery into the box finds the head of Mavropanos, though the centre-back's header is poor and flies into the West Ham fans behind the goal.
Moyes' first substitution sees Johnson come on for Cornet. Both goalscorers have now made way for their respective teams.
With 18 or so minutes to play at Bramall Lane, can either of these sides find a winner to give a big boost to their respective ambitions?
Ings cuts onto his right foot before lashing goalwards from 25 yards out, though his deflected shot is comfortably saved by Foderingham. That is the closest the visitors have come for a while.
Ahmedhodzic is cautioned for hauling down Ings as West Ham looked to counter.
Trusty momentarily goes down in pain after a coming-together with Bowen, though the Blades defender will be okay to carry on.
PENALTY TO WEST HAM!!! It's a rash challenge from Hamer that gives the referee a decision to make. Ings powers into the box, and having just nipped the ball away from Hamer, the Blades midfielder brings him down, with the referee pointing straight to the spot. What a chance for the visitors to retake the lead!
GOOOAAALLL!!! WARD-PROWSE MAKES NO MISTAKE FROM THE SPOT!!! The midfielder is so reliable in dead-ball situations, and he fires his penalty straight down the middle and into the back of the net with Foderingham guessing wrong. 2-1 to the Hammers!
In response to his team falling behind for a second time, Wilder brings on Norrington-Davies for Trusty.
Brewster also enters the fray, on in place of Brooks.
Sheffield United have now conceded 17 goals in the last 15 minutes of the second half, more than any other team in the Premier League this season. That has been one of the many problems the Blades have experienced this term.
The hosts have to respond again here. They have been the better side, but their lack of quality in attack has once again let them down.
Bowen misses a great opportunity to potentially kill the game off as he curls towards the top corner on his left foot. He just cannot get quite enough bend on his effort, and the ball flies past the left post.
Of Ward-Prowse's 53 Premier League goals, 31 have either been direct free-kicks (17) or penalties (14). He is the only player to score 50+ Premier League goals and have at least half of them come via direct free-kicks or penalties (58.5 per cent)
Wilder brings on Norwood for Vinicius as he tries to desperately find a way back into the game for his team.
The fourth official puts up his board and indicates there will be six minutes of additional time at the end of this game. Can the Blades find another leveller?
Brewster is booked for a crunching challenge on Emerson, one that causes a brief fracas between the two sets of players. However, the VAR is taking a look, and there may be further punishment coming here for the substitute…
BREWSTER IS SENT OFF!!! The VAR takes a look, and after sending the referee to the pitchside monitor, Brewster receives his marching orders. It was a very late and needless challenge, and the substitute is sent for an early bath.
Coufal is booked, meanwhile, for his role in the melee following Brewster's poor challenge.
Ings has a couple of bites at the cherry as West Ham look to kill the game off, though his efforts are blocked. The visitors still have the ball, however, just moments away from a big three points on the road.
While he doesn't come away with a goal, Ings has put in a real shift here and had a hand in both West Ham goals. He makes way for Mubama as the seconds continue to tick away.
WEST HAM ARE DOWN TO 10 MEN!!! Just moments after picking up his first booking, Coufal is now given his marching orders too with both sides now down to 10! His second is for a challenge on McAtee.
PENALTY TO SHEFFIELD UNITED!!! What a huge decision from the referee, who having seen Areola take out McBurnie as the pair competed to reach a cross, decides to point to the spot! Incredible late drama at Bramall Lane!!! Can the hosts take advantage?
The tension is continuing to build with Areola, who just gave the penalty away, down on the turf. This must be absolutely agonising for everybody inside Bramall Lane, nobody more so than McAtee, who is stood with the ball in his hands waiting to take the spot-kick!
Areola is forced off, with Fabianski on to try and save the penalty and secure the three points for his side! Can he save his team-mate after his crucial error?
GOOOAAALLL!!! MCBURNIE SCORES FROM THE SPOT TO LEVEL!!! While McAtee was stood with the ball in his hands, it was simply a tactic to take the pressure off McBurnie. The striker is the man instead trusted to take the penalty, and he repays that faith by rifling into the bottom-left corner to make it 2-2!!!
PENALTY!?!? It's West Ham's turn to ask for a late spot-kick, as Ahmedhodzic and Bowen clash in the box. The referee instead points for a Sheffield United free-kick, and that might be that...
FULL-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 2-2 WEST HAM
The full-time whistle blows to bring to an end a pulsating 2-2 draw at Bramall Lane, with Sheffield United and West Ham forced to share the spoils. Cornet put the visitors into the lead on his first Premier League start of the season, pouncing upon a loose ball to lash home. The hosts responded, however, with Brereton latching onto a rebound before rifling into the back of the net to level on the stroke of half-time. West Ham's lead was restored with 11 minutes to play, Hamer bringing down Ings in the penalty area before the ever-reliable Ward-Prowse made no mistake from the spot. It looked like the Hammers were on their way to three points when Brewster was given a straight red for a needless challenge on Emerson in added time. But after Coufal received two bookings in quick succession to also be given his marching orders, Areola came for a cross and failed to get there, instead clearing out McBurnie. The referee pointed to the spot, and after McBurnie picked himself up off the turf, the striker drilled home his penalty to secure a point for his side. The draw is not enough to move the Blades off the bottom, though they do close the gap on safety to seven points. For the Hammers, the late disappointment means they miss the opportunity to close the gap on Tottenham to three points.  It's Bournemouth at home in the Premier League up next for West Ham, while Sheffield United will host Brighton in the FA Cup fourth round next weekend. That is all we have for you from Bramall Lane, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League fixture as Aston Villa welcome Newcastle United to Villa Park!
Newcastle United and Aston Villa met on the opening matchday of the Premier League season, with Eddie Howe's Magpies recording a memorable 5-1 win at St James' Park, but it's fair to say the teams have been on different trajectories since then! Villa enter this game fourth in the table, knowing a victory would take them within two points of leaders Liverpool ahead of their meeting with Chelsea on Wednesday. Unai Emery's side will be desperate to avenge their chastening loss on Tyneside, and they also have the chance to open a six-point gap to Tottenham in fifth and boost their hopes of Champions League qualification.
The position Villa occupy is one Newcastle would have been eyeing at the start of the campaign, but a swathe of injuries to key players – coupled with an inability to do major January business as the club fights to remain compliant with the Premier League's financial rules – have threatened to make the Magpies' season a write-off. Newcastle are still without the likes of Nick Pope, Harvey Barnes, Joelinton, Joe Willock, Callum Wilson and Elliot Anderson, and Villa Park is perhaps the toughest destination in the Premier League at present – can they find a way to breathe fresh life into their season here?
ASTON VILLA (4-4-2): Emiliano Martinez; Matty Cash, Ezri Konsa, Clement Lenglet, Alex Moreno; Youri Tielemans, Douglas Luiz, Boubacar Kamara, John McGinn; Ollie Watkins, Moussa Diaby.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Diego Carlos, Calum Chambers, Nicolo Zaniolo, Robin Olsen, Kaine Kesler-Hayden, Leon Bailey, Jacob Ramsey, Tim Iroegbunam, James Wright.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Martin Dubravka; Kieran Trippier, Fabian Schar, Sven Botman, Dan Burn; Sean Longstaff, Bruno Guimaraes, Lewis Miley; Jacob Murphy, Alexander Isak, Anthony Gordon.
NEWCASTLE UNITED: Paul Dummett, Matt Ritchie, Emil Krafth, Loris Karius, Lewis Hall, Tino Livramento, Miguel Almiron, Joe White, Travis Hernes.
Emery goes with the same starting lineup which began Villa's goalless FA Cup draw at Chelsea on Friday, with defenders Lucas Digne and Pau Torres still absent through injury. Ramsey has recovered from a hamstring issue to take his place on the bench, one day after it was reported that Newcastle have made an approach for the 21-year-old midfielder.
Newcastle are also unchanged from Saturday's 2-0 win over Fulham, a result which teed up a trip to Blackburn Rovers in the FA Cup's fifth round. The major positive for Howe is that Trippier is fit to start after being substituted after suffering a late knock at Craven Cottage, while Almiron is among the substitutes after missing out through illness at the weekend – he had been strongly linked with a move to Saudi Pro League club Al-Shabab but now looks set to stay put.
The teams are out at Villa Park, and kick-off is just moments away!
We're under way as Isak gets the ball rolling for Newcastle!
Newcastle attempt to get on the front foot straight away as Longstaff looks for Murphy's run down the right-hand side, but Moreno sticks with him before showing good composure to play it back to Lenglet. Villa then go up the other end but see their attack break down when Tielemans overhits a pass intended for Watkins.
Great challenge! Burn slides in on Cash right in front of the travelling Newcastle fans, getting them going with a terrific tackle which takes man and ball and ultimately wins his side a throw-in.
Kamara gets too tight to Gordon near the left corner of the Villa box, fouling the winger and granting Newcastle a promising set-piece opportunity. Trippier will swing the free-kick into the area…
Newcastle fail to make anything of the set-piece as Cash makes the first connection and another claret shirt follows up to clear. Still, it's been a decent start from the visitors.
Villa win the first corner of the game on their right-hand side, off Burn. McGinn swings the set-piece into the six-yard box, but there are no claret shirts anywhere near it as Schar heads clear.
Since Newcastle beat Manchester United at the start of December, recording what was their seventh win in 10 Premier League games, no side has taken fewer points in the competition than the Magpies (three – one win, six defeats). If Howe's men are to mount a late push for a top-four finish, you get the sense they need a result here.
Trippier is brought into the play by a lovely switch pass, before drifting infield and looking for Gordon's run off the shoulder of Cash. However, the Villa defender does well to help the ball back to Martinez.
Newcastle win a corner on their left-hand side following good combination play between Gordon and Miley. Gordon then receives the set-piece short, but his eventual delivery is cleared and Newcastle will have to start again.
At the age of 17 years and 274 days, Newcastle midfielder Miley has become the sixth-youngest player in Premier League history to make 10 starts, while he's also the youngest player to make his 10th start in the competition since Luke Shaw for Southampton in January 2013 (17 years, 173 days v Arsenal). Miley signed a new contract on Monday and would love to mark the occasion with a win.
We get the first murmurs of discontent from the Villa Park faithful as Newcastle force another turnover in midfield before knocking it around patiently inside their own half. The hosts haven't got going just yet.
Isak pulls left to receive a crossfield ball before slipping a neat pass into the left-hand channel for Miley to chase. The teenager gets there and looks to angle a cross towards the far post, but it just drifts beyond Murphy and Villa get the goal-kick. That was a promising situation!
Newcastle continue to put Villa under pressure as Trippier slips a pass infield for Isak, who neglects to give it him back, instead looking to take a touch and pull the trigger from inside the area. However, two Villa defenders converge on the striker to crowd him out.
Aston Villa are unbeaten in their last six Premier League home games against Newcastle, winning the last four in a row and keeping a clean sheet in each of those six matches (four wins, two draws). The Magpies have made a decent start here, but they're yet to carve out a clear-cut chance.
Danger! McGinn sweeps a good pass out to Cash on the Villa right, and he immediately knocks it in behind for Diaby. The Frenchman races into the box and looks for his strike partner Watkins with a low centre, but Botman dives in to make the clearance – he had to get there!
GREAT CHANCE! Newcastle might feel they should be ahead! Gordon races in behind to reach Murphy's lofted pass, before turning Konsa to put himself one-on-one with Martinez. However, his finish is smothered by the World Cup winner and Isak can't get enough bend on the follow-up effort, whipping it beyond the far post. Lucky escape for the hosts.
He has to shoot! What is Diaby doing? Tielemans receives Lenglet's pass on the half-turn before immediately slipping it in behind for Diaby. The Frenchman shapes to shoot across Dubravka, but he inexplicably attempts to cut it back for Watkins – who isn't there! That was a real chance for Villa.
It does feel as though Villa have just woken up after a slow start from the hosts. They're now enjoying a prolonged spell of possession in midfield.
Cash smashes a shot off the arm of Burn, but there's no chance of him being penalised for handball for that one. It comes back out to the Villa right-back, and he hits another effort straight at Dubravka.
In the 27th minute of the game, that attempt from Cash was Villa's first of the contest. Only against Liverpool last September (in a 3-0 loss) have they had a longer wait for their first attempt of a Premier League game this season (33rd minute).
SAVE! A flowing Newcastle break ends with Murphy shooting low across goal, and Martinez has to get down to parry it before Longstaff's follow-up is blocked. Villa are still yet to find their rhythm.
Newcaste win a corner on the right-hand side. What can Trippier conjure up from this one?
GOOOOOOAAAAAAAALL! NEWCASTLE TAKE THE LEAD THROUGH SCHAR! Trippier lifts the corner into the centre of the penalty area, and Schar escapes Konsa to prod the bouncing ball into the bottom-right corner and give Newcastle what you'd have to describe as a deserved lead! Emery will be furious with the defending there. 1-0 to the visitors!
Trippier gets his eighth assist of the Premier League season with a trademark set-piece delivery, with Schar taking advantage of some slack marking to score.
Newcastle want a second goal here! Murphy breaks forward before firing a low cross into the six-yard box, where Cash slides in ahead of Gordon to make a crucial clearance. Villa are on the ropes.
GOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAALLLL! SCHAR GETS ANOTHER AS VILLA PARK IS STUNNED INTO SILENCE! Wow. Another right-wing corner is floated in by Trippier, and Villa can only clear it as far as Gordon, who is stationed on the edge of the penalty area. He lashes a volley towards goal, and it takes a deflection off Lenglet before striking the underside of the crossbar! With Martinez grounded, Schar rushes in to tap home the rebound! 2-0 to Newcastle!
Villa are appealing for offside against Schar, and the VAR has a look in the background… but the check is swiftly cleared. The goal stands!
Kamara goes into the book for a careless foul as Villa's frustrations continue to mount. The referee signals that one was for an accumulation of offences.
This is a very concerning sight for Newcastle. Isak has gone down off the ball on the far side of the pitch and is still on his haunches. He needs treatment, and the last thing Howe needs is another injury in his frontline.
Isak's outing comes to a premature end as he trudges off the pitch. Almiron is on to replace him, the Paraguayan receiving a fine reception from the travelling fans as he enters the action.
That second Newcastle goal has really knocked the stuffing out of Villa. They have won 16 of their last 17 home Premier League games, drawing the other against Sheffield United in December, but they have a mountain to climb if they are to rescue a result here!
The fourth official signals that we will have four minutes of stoppage time to end this first half.
Villa win a corner on the left-hand side and take it short, with Luiz's eventual delivery being put behind for another set-piece. Can they find a goal to cut the deficit before half-time?
OVER! Luiz delivers the second set-piece and finds McGinn rising highest six yards out, but the Scotland international just can't keep his header down and it brushes the roof of the net on its way over! That's as close as Villa have come, and that will be that for the first half!
HALF-TIME: ASTON VILLA 0-2 NEWCASTLE UNITED.
John Brooks brings the first half to an end, and Newcastle lead a shellshocked Aston Villa side 2-0! The Magpies have been the better team from the off and had already gone close through Gordon and Murphy when they scored the opener 32 minutes in. Some dreadful marking allowed Schar to steer Trippier's corner home, and the defender needed just four further minutes to inflict more misery on the hosts, tapping in after Gordon's effort deflected against the crossbar. As things stand, Villa are heading for their first home league defeat since last February – is there any way back for the hosts after the break?
Schar has scored the second brace of his Premier League career, having also netted twice against Cardiff City back in January 2019. With Wilson still sidelined and Isak being helped off shortly before half-time, Howe needs Newcastle to spread the goals around – Schar has definitely stepped up here!
Villa get the second half under way through Diaby! They need a huge improvement to have any chance of keeping their long unbeaten run at Villa Park alive.
Newcastle start the second half by winning another corner on the right-hand side. Trippier delivers this one towards Botman, but this time, Villa escape further punishment as it flicks off the Dutchman and spins harmlessly behind.
It was no smash-and-grab performance from Newcastle in the first half, with the visitors recording nine shots to Villa's three, hitting the target four times and creating 1.47 expected goals (xG) to the hosts' 0.23. The Magpies have another set-piece chance here, with Trippier lining up a deep free-kick from the right.
Konsa gets beneath Trippier's delivery and helps it back into the gloves of Martinez. Moreno then leads a break down the Villa left, but his eventual cross fails to find Watkins.
Danger! Tielemans glides forward before looking for the run of Watkins, slipping a throughball in behind Botman. Watkins reaches it with Dubravka bearing down on him, but he gets his studs caught on the top of the ball before the two players collide. The home fans launch a hopeful appeal for a penalty, but the referee correctly awards the foul the opposite way.
Dubravka receives treatment following the collision as Newcastle's third-choice goalkeeper Karius is sent to warm up, but he's soon back on his feet and will be okay to continue.
GOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLL! SURELY GAME OVER AS NEWCASTLE MAKE IT 3-0! Cash is caught in possession by Miley and Newcastle launch a devastating counterattack. Gordon finds Almiron to his left, and the substitute drills a low cross towards Murphy at the far post. He helps it back across the gaping goal, and Moreno puts through his own net in a desperate attempt to clear it! What a performance from the visitors!
Just when you thought things couldn't get much worse for Moreno, he needs treatment after colliding with his own post as he scored that own goal! It's a sore one, but the full-back will attempt to carry on.
This is the first time Villa have trailed by three goals in a home Premier League game under Emery, last doing so against Tottenham under Seven Gerrard in April 2022. Few inside Villa Park saw this performance coming!
Villa are desperately trying to lift the tempo here, as Watkins latches onto a pass into the right-hand channel before failing to find a team-mate in the middle. Villa Park is very quiet now.
Emery has seen enough, with Zaniolo and Bailey preparing to enter the fray as substitutes. The hosts have been lacklustre from the off here.
CHANCE! Watkins turns before looking for the run of Diaby with his throughball. The Frenchman gets there ahead of the onrushing Dubravka, though his touch takes him wide and his tame finish is put behind rather comfortably by the retreating Botman.
Emery is making three changes as Villa seek a route back into this match. Bailey replaces Diaby.
Zaniolo, meanwhile, is on for Tielemans in midfield.
Finally, reported Newcastle target Ramsey takes the place of Kamara in an attack-minded switch.
Save! Those Villa changes do look to have injected more energy into the hosts' play. Bailey steps inside from the right before playing in Watkins with a reverse pass, but the England international has to take the shot on from a narrow angle and it's a comfortable claim for Dubravka.
Having saved Watkins' effort, Dubravka goes down again and receives further treatment. Karius is in discussion with Newcastle's coaching staff again, and you wonder whether the former Liverpool man might be needed here.
It appears as though Dubravka will attempt to soldier on again. He has looked to be in discomfort since colliding with Watkins earlier in the second half.
Newcastle have set their stall out now; the visitors have everyone behind the ball as Villa keep possession, probing for an opening. Howe's side have a very comfortable lead to protect, and they can simply dare their hosts to break them down from here.
SAVE! Bailey beats his marker with a fantastic turn before racing towards the edge of the area and finding Cash on the outside. The full-back hammers his shot across goal, and Dubravka gets a touch to send it behind for a corner!
Villa's corner is put behind for another on the opposite side, but they fail to make anything of that kick and Newcastle break. Gordon races in behind before dragging his shot wide of the bottom-left corner, but the flag is belatedly raised against him anyway.
GOOOOAAAAAL! WATKINS PULLS ONE BACK! Is it game on at Villa Park? McGinn lifts a great pass over the top of the Newcastle backline for Bailey, who has impressed since coming on. The substitute drills his cross into the six-yard box, and Watkins gets across his man to fire home! It's 3-1, and Villa's tails are up now!
Bailey has been excellent since coming on, and he has an assist to his name after finding Watkins inside the six-yard box.
Luiz goes into the book for pushing Murphy after the Newcastle winger attempted to prevent Villa from taking a quick free-kick. Watkins' goal has completely changed the atmosphere here!
GOOOAAAAALLL… BUT NO, IT'S OFFSIDE! Another terrific Bailey throughball finds Watkins darting in behind the Newcastle backline, and he lifts a cultured finish over Dubravka before rushing to recover the ball, only for the flag to go up against him! It was certainly a close one, and the VAR will have a look!
NO GOAL! The VAR check is over, and the on-field decision stands; Watkins' outstretched boot was just ahead of Botman as he made the run to meet Bailey's throughball. It's still 3-1, but Newcastle are going to be tested in the next 15 minutes!
Howe responds to this spell of Villa pressure by making a substitution. Livramento replaces Miley.
McGinn becomes the third Villa player to see yellow after catching Almiron with a heavy challenge in midfield.
SCHAR ALMOST SCORES A HAT-TRICK! Incredible! Newcastle win a right-wing corner, and Trippier's deep delivery finds Schar peeling away to the far post. He takes a touch before sliding in an attempt to divert the ball home, but a claret shirt gets in the way and blocks it behind! What a story that would have been!
Newcastle fail to make anything of their second set-piece. We have 10 minutes of the 90 to play, and you get the sense that this is the calm before the storm – Villa will throw everything at Newcastle in the closing stages!
Newcastle have scored eight goals against Aston Villa in the Premier League this season; throughout Emery's career in the big five European leagues, this is the joint-most one of his teams has conceded against an opponent in a single league campaign (also eight against Real Madrid, in 2010-11 with Valencia and 2013-14 with Sevilla).
Villa are choosing to remain patient for now as Newcastle pack players behind the ball, but the hosts will need to up the tempo soon. Bailey has been electric since coming on and he could be their best outlet.
Cash ignores Bailey to his right and looks for Watkins with a deep cross… but Dubravka gets up to pluck the ball out of the sky. Villa have just let the tempo drop since Watkins had that potential second goal chalked off.
Bailey tricks his way past Livramento, but instead of putting a cross into the area, he takes a heavy touch and allows Newcastle to win it back. Gordon gets them up the pitch, and Longstaff eventually wins a foul near halfway to ease the pressure.
Trippier stays down and holds his face after colliding with Moreno, and the Newcastle fans aren't happy with the Spaniard's challenge. On second viewing, it was Moreno's shoulder, rather than his elbow, which made contact, but it's still a foul. Trippier can waste more valuable seconds before delivering the free-kick.
HUGE CHANCE FOR 4-1! How have Newcastle not killed the contest there?! It's three on two as the Magpies break through Almiron, and he tees up Guimaraes to his right. It's walking pace as the Brazilian waits for Longstaff to overlap him and slips a pass into his midfield partner, putting him clean through, but Martinez spreads himself to make the save!
McGinn shoots straight at Dubravka from 25 yards out, but the Villa Park faithful are then encouraged by the fourth official's board, which shows there will be at least NINE minutes added on!
OVER! Villa win a corner on their right-hand side, and the delivery finds Lenglet rising inside the six-yard box. He looks to have the beating of Dubravka, but his header is an awkward one which spins off-target. Villa are running out of time.
There are ironic cheers around Villa Park as Gordon becomes the first Newcastle name in the referee's notebook.
Now Zaniolo is cautioned for a stupid challenge from behind on Guimaraes. All that did is break up the game and halt any Villa momentum.
Villa last lost at home to Newcastle in September 2013 (1-2), but the Toon Army's long wait for a victory on this ground is about to come to an end. Newcastle seem to have weathered the Villa storm, and it's all a bit flat from the hosts now.
Villa win another right-wing corner, but Bailey's poor delivery fails to beat the first man as Burn clears. Villa come again, but Zaniolo's foul on Livramento brings the attack to a halt.
Gordon gets a great reception from the travelling fans as Howe withdraws him for the closing moments. Krafth is on for the former Everton man, who has gotten through so much work in attack.
FULL-TIME: ASTON VILLA 1-3 NEWCASTLE UNITED.
The full-time whistle sounds, and Aston Villa's 11-month unbeaten run in home league games is over! Newcastle halt their own four-match losing run in the competition with an emphatic 3-1 victory on one of the most difficult grounds to visit in the country. Howe's side took a deserved 2-0 lead into half-time thanks to two predatory finishes from Schar, then Gordon, Almiron and Murphy combined on the counterattack to force a Moreno own goal seven minutes after the restart. Villa briefly threatened a comeback when Watkins pulled one back before having a dinked finish chalked off for offside, but the Magpies weathered the storm before seeing out the closing stages in relative comfort. Villa miss the chance to join Arsenal on 46 points, and they could now see their three-point lead over Tottenham wiped out when Ange Postecoglou's men face Brentford on Wednesday. Newcastle, meanwhile, leapfrog Chelsea, Manchester United and Brighton to go seventh with a statement win! That's all from Villa Park, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Fulham and Everton at Craven Cottage.
Fulham will be hoping to continue their impressive home form of late, having won four of their last five Premier League games on their own turf. The Cottagers could climb into 12th place in the Premier League table with a win today, and they will likely be relying on Raul Jimenez to provide the goods in attack. The Mexican forward has scored more Premier League goals against Everton than he has against any other club (five). Fulham have failed to win in their last four fixtures, but three of those have come in cup competitions.
Everton travel to the capital to face Marco Silva’s Fulham. London has been kind to the Toffees so far this season having won three out of their four fixtures in the city (1L). Sean Dyche’s side are still fighting above the relegation zone despite their 10-point deduction earlier in the campaign, and a victory could see them go four points clear of the drop if results go their way. Only Liverpool and Manchester City, who are first and second in the Premier League respectively, have won more games on the road than Everton this season (five). The Merseyside outfit will be hoping to bounce back after being knocked out of the FA Cup by Luton Town at the weekend.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Antonee Robinson, Issa Diop, Tosin Adarabioyo, Timothy Castagne; Tom Cairney, Joao Palhinha; Willian, Andreas Pereira, Bobby De Cordova-Reid; Raul Jimenez.
FULHAM SUBS: Marek Rodak, Kenny Tete, Harrison Reed, Tim Ream, Rodrigo Muniz, Sasa Lukic, Carlos Vinicius, Tyrese Francois, Kristian Sekularac.
EVERTON (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Vitalii Mykolenko, Jarrad Branthwaite, James Tarkowski, Ben Godfrey; Arnaut Danjuma, Dwight McNeil, James Garner, Ashley Young; Jack Harrison; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
EVERTON SUBS: Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, Joao Virginia, Beto, Youssef Chermiti, Andy Lonergan, Mackenzie Hunt, Lewis Dobbin, Jenson Metcalfe.
Silva has made two changes from Fulham’s last Premier League fixture against Chelsea earlier in the month. At right-back, Tete has dropped to the bench, with Castagne coming into the starting XI. Further forward, De Cordova-Reid replaces Harry Wilson, who fails to make the squad.
Meanwhile, Dyche has made three alterations from Everton’s previous Premier League game against Aston Villa. Club captain Seamus Coleman misses out, so Young will return from injury to slot in on the right-hand side. Abdoulaye Doucoure and Amadou Onana are also unavailable, with Godfrey and McNeil coming into the starting XI.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
Jimenez gets the game under way for Fulham at Craven Cottage!
What a chance! Godfrey receives his throw-in back from Young and hooks the ball into the penalty area. Calvert-Lewin does well to hold off the defender and lays it into the path of Harrison just inside the box. The Everton winger strikes it, but he can't quite curl it into the far corner. He should be hitting the target from there!
It's been end-to-end stuff so far with both sides attempting two shots and taking a corner each. Fulham are clearly still trying to work out Everton, considering Dyche's side have one natural central midfielder on the pitch. McNeil is lining up in an unfamiliar central role, with Godfrey at right-back and Young just ahead of him on the right-hand side of midfield.
A switch of play hopes to find Robinson but Godfrey has come across to fire the ball out for a throw-in. Fulham take quickly and the ball eventually finds Castagne who delivers into the area. It's headed away by Godfrey but only as far as Robinson who strikes from outside the area, but Pickford is there to palm it behind for a corner.
Pereira has gone down clutching his face after barging into Tarkowski. The referee has stopped the game just in case he needs treatment, but he's quickly back on his feet. Elsewhere, Luton have scored twice in quick succession and are currently leading Brighton 2-0, plunging Everton into the relegation zone.
Fulham manage to break down the left-hand side after a deflected pass finds Jimenez. The Mexican forward drives into the box and looks to attempt an ambitious outside-of-the-boot cross towards the back post, but it evades all of his team-mates and goes off the side of the pitch for a throw-in to Everton.
McNeil wins the ball back for Everton in a dangerous area, but his pass goes straight to the feet of Robinson, whose clearance cannons off Young and Fulham win a throw-in. It was a real chance for the Toffees to create something, but they need to have more conviction in the final third of the pitch.
Everton win the ball back once again and it finds Danjuma who drives towards the penalty area. The Dutch forward has plenty of options to his left and right but attempts a highly ambitious effort from range, and it trickles into the arms of Leno. It's a shot on target, but the Fulham goalkeeper was hardly threatened.
Fulham are enjoying plenty of possession so far and have had 72.2 per cent of the ball. However, they've managed just two touches in the opposition box to Everton's seven, with the away side looking like more of a threat in the final third since the game got under way. Neither team have truly threatened the opposition's goal yet, though.
So close! Danjuma is adjudged to have handled the ball and Fulham win a free-kick. Pereira delivers into the penalty and Palhinha is there to meet it as he towers above Tarkowski, but he heads it over the bar. He will be disappointed not to have hit the target and tested Pickford between the sticks.
How has that not gone in?! From the resulting free-kick, Young whipped it into the penalty area and Leno was there to palm it away. Tarkowski strikes it back towards goal and it deflects onto the bar, before it's poked off the line by Robinson. It was inches away from going over the line, but the Toffees somehow fail to open the scoring!
Palhinha goes into the book for a late challenge on Harrison just outside the Fulham penalty area.
Danjuma, Harrison, and Young are standing over the free-kick in a dangerous position for Everton. Harrison is the one to take, but he drills the ball into the wall and the Fulham supporters breathe a sigh or relief. Godfrey then fouls his opponent and the Cottagers can regroup with a free-kick inside their own penalty area.
Fulham look to break with Willian on the left-hand side, but Godfrey pulls him back and the referee awards a yellow.
So close again for Everton! The Toffees hit Fulham on the counter-attack and a deflected pass from McNeil finds Danjuma. He cuts inside onto his right foot and creates space for himself inside the box, but he can't hit the target and fires his shot over the bar. He needed to test Leno from that position!
Willian and Cairney play a one-two with the Brazilian winger bursting into the box. He strikes it, looking to curl one into the far corner, but Branthwaite is there to head it away, and it deflects off an attacker and the Toffees win a goal-kick. It's excellent defending from the young centre-back.
The Toffees win a throw-in inside the Fulham half and Mykolenko is there to take. He finds Calvert-Lewin but the Everton forward gives it away. Fulham can now break with Robinson who attempts to cut it back towards the edge of the penalty area, but it cannons off Young and the Cottagers will now have a chance to fill the box from a corner.
Inches away from a Fulham goal! From the resulting corner, Silva's side play it short and it eventually falls to Pereira outside the box. He strikes it from range and it's a dipping effort, but it goes narrowly over the bar. Pickford certainly looked worried, but the Brazilian fails to hit the target.
What a chance! Robinson sends a delivery towards the back post which eventually falls to Castagne. Tarkowski somehow blocks it off the line but it falls straight to Jimenez from just outside the six-yard box, but he can't hit the target from just a few yards out! A massive opportunity for Fulham there.
Branthwaite goes into the book for a strong challenge on Jimenez in the middle of the pitch.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of one minute of added time at the end of the first half.
HALF-TIME: FULHAM 0-0 EVERTON
Fulham go into the break at 0-0 with Everton at Craven Cottage. Both sides have enjoyed a few chances a piece, but the away team might feel a little disappointed not to have opened the scoring. The Toffees had an effort cleared off the line while Robinson appeared to have handled the ball inside the box, but the referee was having none of it and VAR opted not to intervene. The Cottagers have had their fair share of opportunities also, with Jimenez coming closest for the home team. The game is wide open for either side to come out of the blocks at pace in the second half and break the deadlock.
Everton have managed seven shots so far to Fulham's five, creating 0.73 expected goals (xG). The home team have dominated the possession, however, managing to have the ball 70.4 per cent of the game. The two teams have produced a shot on target a piece, so Silva and Dyche will be desperate to see their respective sides test the opposition goalkeepers more often. Both the Cottagers and the Toffees have attacking options on the bench - could we see Beto, Vinicius, or Muniz early in the second half?
Silva makes a change at half-time, with Muniz coming on in place of Jimenez in attack for Fulham.
McNeil gets the second half under way for Everton at Craven Cottage!
The Everton fans are appealing for a penalty! Danjuma breaks down the left-hand side and fires a cross into the box. Harrison takes the ball on the turn and goes down under the challenge of Tosin, but the referee waves play on. It would have certainly been soft, and VAR have opted not to recommend a review for the on-field referee.
A dangerous delivery into the box from Castagne causes problems for the Toffees, but Godfrey does superbly to divert the ball behind for a corner with his head. Willian is there to take for Fulham and they go short. It eventually comes to Cairney who crosses into the box, but it's headed away again. De Cordova-Reid tries an effort from range, but Pickford can comfortably gather.
McNeil gets away with one! Everton look to play out from the back, but McNeil's sloppy pass is intercepted. It falls to Muniz who is through on goal, but his effort is saved by Pickford. The assistant referee has his flag, so it wouldn't have counted anyway and Everton have a free-kick.
Everton go long from a free-kick and Tarkowski rises highest at the back post. His header falls to Godfrey who strikes it from inside the penalty area, but it's deflected behind for a corner. Garner takes the set-piece and it finds Calvert-Lewin at the back post... but his header hits the bar! So close!
The Toffees are turning the screw! A Garner pass finds Young in space on the right-hand side, and he wastes no time delivering into the penalty area. Calvert-Lewin is stretching and attempts to divert a header towards goal, but it loops over the bar and lands on the roof of the net. Everton are pushing to find an opener.
Robinson is in space on the left-hand side and he sends a whipped delivery towards the back post. Pereira flings himself at it, but he doesn't connect well with the shot and the ball trickles behind for a goal-kick to Everton. Robinson was in way too much room on the left, with the Toffees playing incredibly narrow.
Harrison finds the run of Calvert-Lewin in behind the Fulham defence and it looks like he's through on goal. He tries to cut it back to a team-mate and it falls to Mykolenko on the edge of the penalty area, but his shot is deflected away from danger. Eventually, the assistant referee raises his flag. Calvert-Lewin was offside originally.
Fulham are starting to grow into the game now and have had three corners in quick succession, looking to fill the box at every opportunity and cause problems for Everton. The Toffees conceded twice from set-pieces against Luton at the weekend, so it's an area they are vulnerable at the moment.
So close! Branthwaite commits to a tackle in the middle of the pitch and Muniz wins the ball off him. Pereira breaks and bursts into the Everton half, before returning the ball to Muniz. He looks to test Pickford from outside of the box, but it deflects off Mykolenko and out for a corner. From the resulting corner, Castagne powers a header towards goal, but it hits the bar with Pickford rooted to the spot! Almost the opener!
After a slow start to the second half, Fulham are starting to push for the opening goal. The Cottagers have managed 10 shots in the second half alone, with two on target. The Toffees need to tighten up if they are to hold on and keep a clean sheet today. Elsewhere, Luton are now 4-0 up at home to Brighton, meaning Everton remain in the relegation zone.
The Toffees now have a chance, but the assistant has his flag up once again. Everton look to counter-attack as Harrison tests the goalkeeper from just inside the penalty area, but it's palmed away by Leno before Tosin clears away from danger.
Fulham drive forward with Robinson down the left-hand side. He jinks past Young and looks to take on Godfrey, and the Everton defender diverts the ball behind for a corner. Willian will take once again and it's whipped towards the front post, but Calvert-Lewin is there to meet it and he heads it away.
The Cottagers have another opportunity from a corner. De Cordova-Reid finds the overlapping run of Pereira and he fires towards goal, but it hits the side netting. The Fulham players appeal for a corner, and the referee agrees. Branthwaite made a superb stop to deny Silva's side.
Silva makes an alteration at the back. Diop appeared to be struggling, and Ream will replace him.
What a save! Willian creates space for himself on the right and floats a delivery towards the back post. Tosin rises above everyone inside the Everton penalty area and fires a header towards goal, but Pickford somehow gets his fingers to it and tips it over the bar! It's an unbelievable stop to keep the game at 0-0!
Everton have a worry now with Branthwaite down. The young centre-back looks in some discomfort and the referee has allowed the medical team to enter the pitch and give him treatment. After a short delay, it looks as though he will be able to continue. Branthwaite returns to the action.
Patterson comes on to replace Young on the right-hand side for Everton.
Dyche makes a like-for-like change in attack, with Beto entering the fray in place of Calvert-Lewin.
Inches away from an opener! Robinson, once again, bursts down the left-hand side in space, getting to the byline before drilling a cross along the floor towards the edge of the box. De Cordova-Reid swings a leg at it, and his shot whistles past the post with Pickford scrambling across his line.
Everton win a free-kick in a dangerous position, deep inside the Fulham half. Palhinha was adjudged to have fouled Beto, and the Toffees will now fill the box. Garner is standing over it and delivers towards the back post, and it's headed behind by Tosin and Dyche's side now have a corner.
Danjuma is now down after another strong challenge from Palhinha. The medical team are on the pitch giving treatment to the Everton forward. There is some activity on the Everton bench and it looks as through the Toffees will make a change.
Danjuma is unable to continue, and Dobbin is the player to replace him for Everton.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of six minutes of added time at the end of the game.
Another opportunity for Fulham. Willian finds the run of De Cordova-Reid in space beyond the Everton defence. He clips a cross into the penalty area and Muniz is there unmarked. He heads it towards goal, but it's straight at Pickford who saves. Either side of him, and the Cottagers would have taken the lead!
Beto does well to win a corner, swivelling on the edge of the Fulham area before unleashing from range, with his shot deflecting behind. Everton have filled the box and McNeil is going to whip it in. It's sent towards the back post and headed across goal by Tarkowski, but Beto heads it over from two yards out! He can't believe he's missed!
FULL-TIME: FULHAM 0-0 EVERTON
Fulham against Everton ends 0-0 with both sides somehow failing to find the back of the net. The two teams managed 46 shots between them, but Pickford and Leno pulled off some smart stops to make sure their respective sides kept a clean sheet. Beto managed to miss the target from a few yards out in the final moments of the game, with the goal at his mercy, but the Cottagers had their fair share of opportunities too. Jimenez and Muniz had chances on either side of half-time, but Silva and Dyche's men weren't clinical enough to open the scoring. Fulham will now travel to Burnley on the weekend in the Premier League, while Everton host Tottenham at Goodison Park. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Luton Town and Brighton at Kenilworth Road!
In their first fixture following a mid-season break, Luton Town advanced to the fifth round of the FA Cup on Saturday, with a dramatic 2-1 win over Everton. Now four games unbeaten across all competitions, Rob Edwards' side have a one-point deficit to the 17th-placed Toffees in the Premier League table, having played one game fewer. However, the Hatters - who could leave the drop zone by winning today - have kept only one clean sheet at Kenilworth Road so far this term.
Like Luton, who they beat 4-1 on the Premier League's opening weekend, Brighton also progressed in the cup last time out, crushing top-flight strugglers Sheffield United 5-2 at Bramall Lane. Roberto De Zerbi's men remain in the mix for more European football, occupying seventh place in the standings, but their first two league games of 2024 both finished 0-0 - the high-flying Seagulls didn’t have a single goalless draw in 41 matches last year.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-2-1): Thomas Kaminski; Reece Burke, Gabriel Osho, Amari'i Bell; Chiedozie Ogbene, Albert Sambi Lokonga, Ross Barkley, Alfie Doughty; Elijah Adebayo, Jordan Clark; Carlton Morris.
SUBS: Tim Krul, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu, Tahith Chong, Dan Potts, Zack Nelson, Luke Berry, Cauley Woodrow, Andros Townsend, Joe Johnson.
BRIGHTON (4-3-1-2): Jason Steele; Jan-Paul van Hecke, Lewis Dunk, Igor, Pervis Estupinan; Pascal Gross, Billy Gilmour, James Milner; Facundo Buonanotte; Joao Pedro, Danny Welbeck.
SUBS: Bart Verbruggen, Evan Ferguson, Jack Hinshelwood, Tariq Lamptey, Carlos Baleba, Adam Lallana, Jakub Moder, Benicio Boaitey, Adam Webster.
Luton make three changes to the side that started last week's win over Everton, as Kaminski, Clark and Osho all return. While Krul and Townsend drop to the bench, Teden Mengi is not in the squad. Issa Kabore is still away with Burkina Faso at the Africa Cup of Nations, with Mads Andersen and Jacob Brown among those sidelined by injury.
Steele, Dunk, Milner and Welbeck come in to the Brighton team today, as Verbruggen, Webster, Ferguson and Hinshelwood make way. Solly March, Joel Veltman, Julio Enciso and Ansu Fati are all injured, while Kaoru Mitoma and Simon Adingra are still on duty at the Asian Cup and AFCON respectively.
The players emerge from the tunnel and out onto the pitch, and kick-off is now just moments away at Kenilworth Road!
Brighton kick off, and we are under way!
LUTON LEAD IN 20 SECONDS!! Adebayo nods in from close range, to give Luton Town an incredibly early advantage. Ogbene slings over a cross from the right towards Morris at the back post, and the latter's cutback is turned home to put the Hatters 1-0 up! What a start!
Meeting Ogbene's cross, Morris heads the ball back for strike partner Adebayo to score.
LUTON STRIKE AGAIN! Brighton are left floored! The visitors give Lokonga too much time to pick out a pass from midfield, and after Ogbene receives the ball just outside the box, the Irishman beats Steele with his first touch and then strokes the ball into an empty net! It's 2-0 already - incredible stuff at Kenilworth Road, where the home fans are going wild!
Left with space to stride forward and find Ogbene just outside Brighton's box, Lokonga sets up Luton's second goal.
Brighton have now conceded six goals in the first 15 minutes of Premier League matches this season, and no team has shipped more during that time period.
Welbeck slides in to meet a low throughball by Joao Pedro at the back post, but the ex-Arsenal striker can't quite make contact, as Brighton's first serious attack comes to nothing - they've got a long way to come back from here.
Persistent play from Milner - playing his 634th Premier League game today - opens up Luton and ultimately earns his side a corner-kick. However, following the set-piece, Gross leans back and fires over from outside the box.
Having started so sluggishly, Brighton are slowly regaining their composure now, as they take better care of the ball and build through the thirds. For the first time, Luton are pushed back.
CLOSE! After escaping down the left flank, Welbeck then drives inside and - with the angle narrowing - drills a low shot just a few inches wide of the right-hand post! Kaminski was diving down at full stretch, but ultimately wasn't required.
For a blatant body-check on Ogbene in midfield, Igor becomes the first player booked by the referee today.
Milner is left lying on the turf, with a pained grimace on his face. The game comes to a halt as the veteran receives some treatment from Brighton's medics - it looks doubtful that he'll carry on.
As Luton re-start play with a free-kick by Barkley - which just fails to pick out Doughty on the left - Milner stands on the touchline and is surprisingly ready to return. He'll try to run off his injury and continue.
Following their horror start to today's game, Brighton have conceded 18 first-half goals in 22 Premier League games this season, and only Burnley (19) have leaked more before the break.
It's been decided that Milner can't continue after all, so he limps off to be replaced by young Hinshelwood.
After Barkley rolls a pass across the edge of the Brighton box, Igor closes down Burke's shot from 20 yards and it spins behind for a corner.
SAVE! Again, Barkley is the creator, as he finds Clark inside the area, before the latter unleashes a shot that requires Steele to dive down and tip it away! That could so easily have been three for Luton!
Perhaps fortunate to escape greater punishment, Lokonga follows through in a challenge with Buonanotte, catching the Brighton man with his studs but only being shown a yellow card.
Gross first sees a shot from 20 yards charged down, then Joao Pedro recovers the ball and lays it back to the German midfielder. However, his second effort harmlessly loops up towards Kaminski. Luton's resistance remains strong.
Shortly after being booked, Lokonga is over-eager in his attempt to steal the ball from Gross in midfield and topples his opponent. He's playing a risky game at the moment, and the referee will surely have noted that foul.
Only three of Brighton's last 15 league games have seen the Seagulls succeed, and they are outsiders to take three points from this one now. Getting at least one goal back before the break would aid their cause, though.
First, Buonanotte misplaces a throughball to end Brighton's attack at one end; then, Luton counter quickly and Adebayo wins a corner-kick on the left. Doughty's delivery is cleared behind for another corner.
There's nobody in the six-yard box to meet a teasing low cross by Clark from the right, as Luton go forward again. The Hatters have certainly not sat back since streaking two goals ahead.
A few yards from the left side of the area, Barkley curls a fairly tame free-kick at the target, causing Steele to turn the ball behind for another Luton corner. Brighton are under pressure here.
Bells upends Buonanotte, conceding a free-kick just over 20 yards from his own goal. Gross steps up to it, and elects to hang a ball up towards the back post, but after Hinshelwood's nod-down fails to find a team-mate, it is cleared away to safety.
Morris almost slips a cute throughball into Brighton's box, but it's cut out by Hinshelwood. The latter's raking ball forward for Estupinan, though, is overhit and skips out of play for a Luton throw-in.
ADEBAYO AT THE DOUBLE! More brilliance from Barkley opens up Brighton, and Luton strike again! The ex-Chelsea midfielder steals the ball and then exchanges passes with Adebayo just outside the box, then the latter confidently finds the bottom-right corner to put his side 3-0 ahead! What an incredible first half for the Hatters!
After breaking up play with a smart interception, Barkley plays a nice give-and-go with Adebayo, who then puts Luton three ahead.
Luton have been ruthlessly efficient today, as they've scored three times from four shots on target so far. It's hard to argue that they're not good value for such a lead, though. Surely this is their best performance since promotion?
There are to be at least five minutes of additional time at the end of this eventful first half. Will we be treated to any more goals? Neither side seems too interested in sitting back.
Gilmour lashes over the crossbar with a shot from outside the box, as Brighton's latest attempt to reduce their deficit comes to nothing. De Zerbi has a big team talk coming up during the break.
HALF-TIME: LUTON TOWN 3-0 BRIGHTON
A remarkable first half at Kenilworth Road ends with the home side leading 3-0, having stormed two goals ahead within three minutes. Luton were out of the blocks before Brighton could blink, as Adebayo headed home from close range, before Ogbene beat Steele to prod into the net just moments later. While the visitors slightly steadied the ship thereafter, there was more pressure from the Hatters ahead of Adebayo's second strike shortly before the break. While Brighton now have a mountain to climb, their hosts have an enviable advantage to protect and could be set to escape the relegation zone.
Not only does Brighton's Premier League goal drought go on - the Seagulls last scored a top-flight goal in December - but they are yet to win from behind in the league this season. Given their arrears today, improving a record of four draws and four losses when trailing at half-time is surely beyond them.
Luton Town kick off, and we are back under way!
Not surprisingly, De Zerbi has responded to his team's predicament by making two half-time changes. First, Buonanotte is replaced by Ferguson.
Lamptey is also introduced, with Estupinan making way for his fellow full-back.
Being closed down by Lamptey on the edge of Brighton's box, Ogbene tries his luck with a low shot that lacks sufficient pace to trouble Steele. Still, Luton have come out of the traps in similar style to the first half.
GOAL RULED OUT! Although Clark steers in what appears to be Luton's fourth goal, celebrations are quickly cut short by the assistant's raised flag. A brief VAR check confirms that he was offside, so it stays 3-0.
Showing some much-needed fight, Joao Pedro gets away from Barkley and then drives a shot at Bell, earning his side a corner-kick on the right. However, it ultimately comes to nothing.
Lacking options, Steele hangs on to the ball for a while before aimlessly booting the ball long. Brighton seem lost for ideas, as Luton continue to close down their visitors at every angle - Edwards' game-plan is working perfectly.
Covering his goalkeeper, Dunk dives in to head away a powerful shot by Ogbene, with Steele scrambling across behind him. That'll be a Luton corner.
ADEBAYO HITS A HAT-TRICK! A corner curled over from the right by Doughty is not cleared by Brighton's static defence, and Adebayo is perfectly placed to head in his third goal of the game from no more than two yards out! Unbelievably, Luton Town now lead the Seagulls 4-0, and their big striker is largely to thank!
Adebayo's eighth league goal of the season confirms him as Luton's top scorer, and it's been quite a game for the Hatters' hitman. Brighton have simply had no answer to him today.
Brighton are taking better care of the ball now, but they are still making precious little progress. Luton have them penned inside their own half, with the Kenilworth Road crowd confidently singing about how their club are bound to stay up.
Brighton make a further change, as Baleba replaces Gilmour in midfield.
The action is taking place in a congested midfield now, as Luton aim to suffocate their opponents and see out this game. They're on course for a famous win here.
Clark deliberately brings down Joao Pedro, who is attempting to escape up the left touchline, and receives a yellow card.
Having sprinted past one opponent and then been brushed by Igor inside the box, Ogbene topples over and claims for a penalty: the referee and the VAR concur that no spot-kick should be awarded. Nonetheless, the Republic of Ireland winger has been a thorn in Brighton's side today.
Edwards now makes two substitutions: first, Lokonga departs and Mpanzu comes on.
Townsend is also sent on, with the recently booked Clark being withdrawn.
A brief stoppage for Joao Pedro to receive treatment is quickly concluded, and the action resumes. Luton have just 20 minutes to see out - and with quite a cushion in their favour.
De Zerbi decides to take a cautious approach, with today's game surely a lost cause. After picking up a knock, Joao Pedro is replaced by Moder.
Hat-trick hero Adebayo departs to warm applause from the Kenilworth Road faithful, as Chong trots on to replace him.
After Osho withdraws from a challenge in midfield, Baleba still dives to the deck. The referee decides that's simulation, so the Brighton substitute is booked for his troubles.
Ogbene again beats Igor on the right, then his layoff finds Morris, who fires over the crossbar from 15 yards. The flag goes up for offside in any case, but Luton are not resting on their laurels.
SUPER SAVE! Called into action at last, Kaminski flings himself left to tip away a firm strike at goal by Welbeck! The Brighton striker profited from a lucky bounce to receive the ball just outside the box, then aimed for the bottom-right corner! Lamptey puts the follow-up wide!
Ending a rare spell of Brighton pressure, Lamptey fails to execute a flick over his marker's head following Hinshelwood's throw-in, sending the ball behind for a Luton goal-kick. That sums up the Seagulls' fortunes today.
STEELE SAVES! Morris is slipped in by Barkley on the left side of the area, but Brighton's goalkeeper is equal to the striker's low shot and repels the ball to safety! Steele stops Brighton conceding a fifth goal, limiting the damage at least a little.
Completing a fine shift in midfield, Barkley walks off, to be replaced by Berry.
Morris, who set up the opening goal within 20 seconds of kick-off, now makes way for Woodrow.
Having won their first two away league games by an aggregate score of 7-2 this season, Brighton have won only one of the next nine. If today's game ends 4-0, they’ll have conceded 21 goals in the process, netting just nine times in reply.
The story remains similar, as Brighton are having plenty of the ball inside their own half, but Luton's relentless pressure is preventing them from progressing up the pitch. The Hatters have shown admirable fitness and application.
In a week that saw him linked with some of the most prestigious jobs in European football, this will be a sobering defeat for De Zerbi. His team have simply not turned up today, while their hosts have been brilliant.
There are to be at least four minutes of stoppage time at the end of this game, which well-beaten Brighton would be glad to finish right now.
Lamptey and Gross combine on the edge of the area, but Osho emerges with the ball and strides forward to set Luton off on a counter-attack. Almost every player on the home side has contributed to an excellent performance today.
FULL-TIME: LUTON TOWN 4-0 BRIGHTON
A night to remember at Luton Town's inimitable Kenilworth Road headquarters sees the Hatters thump Brighton 4-0, thanks in part to an Adebayo hat-trick. The striker's first goal came within 20 seconds of kick-off, and Luton led by two soon after, before adding another just before the break. The Seagulls were left floored when he struck his third just ahead of the hour mark, and they never really recovered, managing only two shots on target throughout. A masterclass by Edwards caught out the much-feted De Zerbi, and his side now sit outside the Premier League's relegation zone by a point. Brighton, meanwhile, occupy eighth place, having failed to score in four of their last six matches. Buoyed by such a stunning result, Luton will visit Newcastle United on Saturday, when Brighton host bitter rivals Crystal Palace. That's all from today's live coverage, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Nottingham Forest and Arsenal at The City Ground!
Forest were on a run of seven without a win (D1 L6) before Nuno Espirito Santo took over, with the Portuguese since overseeing just one loss in his six games at the helm (W3 D2), though that did come in their last Premier League outing when they were beaten 3-2 by Brentford. After seeing a flurry of goals in the first five games under Nuno, Forest played out a 0-0 draw away at Bristol City in their last match in the FA Cup, forcing them to another replay.
It was a 1-0 defeat in this exact fixture last season that ended Arsenal's title hopes, and the Gunners will be looking to avoid a similar scoreline here as they look to close the gap to Liverpool at the top of the table. They had a slight wobble before their mid-season break, winning just one of their seven games in all competitions (D3 L3), but came back revitalised with a thumping 5-0 win over Crystal Palace last time out. However, they're winless in their last three Premier League away games (D1 L2) and haven't won any of their last three trips to The City Ground in all competitions.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Matt Turner; Gonzalo Montiel, Andrew Omabamidele, Murillo, Harry Toffolo; Orel Mangala, Danilo; Nicolas Dominguez, Morgan Gibbs-White, Neco Williams; Chris Wood.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Odisseas Vlachodimos, Felipe, Ryan Yates, Joe Worrall, Callum Hudson-Odoi, Taiwo Awoniyi, Anthony Elanga, Wayne Hennessey, Brandon Aguilera.
ARSENAL STARTING XI (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Emile Smith Rowe; Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Jesus, Gabriel Martinelli.
ARSENAL SUBS: Reiss Nelson, Eddie Nketiah, Kai Havertz, Aaron Ramsdale, Cedric Soares, Jakub Kiwior, Jorginho, Leandro Trossard, Reuell Walters.
Nuno makes three changes from the side that drew with Bristol on Friday, as Toffolo, Gibbs-White and Williams are all brought in. Mangala retains his place, despite reports linking him with a possible move to Lyon today. Yates and Hudson-Odoi drop to the bench, where they are boosted by the returns of Felipe, Elanga and Awoniyi from injury. Nuno Tavares is ineligible to face his parent club.
Mikel Arteta makes just two changes to the side that beat Palace last time out. Smith Rowe and Martinelli, who scored twice after coming off the bench in that game, both come in. Gabriel and Rice are also fit to start after passing late fitness checks following respective ankle and thigh problems. Havertz and Trossard start on the bench.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Odegaard gets the game under way for Arsenal!
Forest crowd bodies down their left side, forcing Arsenal to switch it out to the opposite flank. Jesus plays a one-two with Martinelli to try and open up space on the edge of the box, but he can't get a sight of goal.
Jesus has started the game out on the left for the Gunners and he floats a cross into the box. It's just too high for Smith Rowe to get his head on, and Turner plucks it out of the air.
Forest are starting to press higher upfield now, and they're forcing Arsenal deeper into their own half. Gabriel just squeezes his pass past a stretching Williams, but Martinelli doesn't get too far with Dominguez tight to him.
Arsenal have won five of their last six Premier League games against Forest (L1), and are looking to do the double over them in the competition for just the second time (also in 1998-99).
Saka darts in behind down the right, but there's barely any space in the Forest penalty area. He tries to pull it back to the byline, but there are three red shirts between him and his closest team-mate.
Forest are struggling to get a foothold in the game so far, with Arsenal quickly winning it back whenever possession is turned over. The hosts are defending in numbers though, making things difficult for the Gunners.
BLOCK! Odegaard sees a low shot blocked from the right, and Arsenal quickly switch it out to the opposite flank, with Martinelli sliding it through for Smith Rowe. He squares it into the middle for Jesus, but his first-time shot deflects over off Omobamidele.
The offside flag goes up to end an Arsenal attack, and now there's a break in play, Turner goes down holding his right hand. He needs treatment, but he's quickly back on his feet to continue.
Forest's first push into the final third is quickly smothered, and Arsenal break quickly on the counter. Zinchenko tries to slide in Jesus on the left of the box, but the offside flag is up once more.
Raya goes long with a free-kick, and White gets in front of Toffolo down the right. A heavy touch at the wrong moment gets away from him though, and he runs it out of play before he can put a cross in.
Arsenal have had 71 per cent possession so far in this game, and they don't look like letting up the pressure any time soon. Martinelli drops a shoulder to lose Montiel down the right, but there are no Arsenal players in the box to get on the end of his cross.
Jesus drops deep in his own half to cut out a Forest attack before setting Martinelli on the break. He drives down the left and sees a cross blocked by Williams, who goes to ground. He's holding his wrist, but he gets back up without needing treatment.
Williams is penalised for a handball in midfield and Arsenal win a free-kick. After some debate, it's Odegaard that whips it into the box, but Turner rushes off his line to collect it.
Martinelli is getting a lot of joy down the left, and after Rice stops Gibbs-White's cross, he sets the Brazilian on his way. He fizzes a low cross into the box this time, but Murillo slides in to stop it from reaching Saka.
Saka gets a yard on Toffolo and lays it off to Odegaard, who touches it straight to Jesus. Instead of turning to have a shot, he tries to return it to the Arsenal captain, but it's one pass too many, and Forest clear their lines.
CHANCE! It's better from Arsenal here as Jesus slips away from Williams to burst along the edge of the box before touching it into Smith Rowe's feet. He spins to get a shot away, but he scoops it just wide of the near post.
Forest have barely managed a touch of the ball in the last five minutes as Arsenal continue to up the pressure. Jesus is in the middle of every attack as he lifts it over the top towards Martinelli, but Omabamidele stretches to nod it out of his path.
The Forest fans aren't happy with the referee at the moment, as they feel they should've had a free-kick. Dominguez looks to play a one-two with Williams, but he's blocked off from getting to the return pass. The referee waves him back to his feet.
BLOCK! There's a collision between Omabamidele and Montiel that sees the latter stay down in the box, but the referee doesn't stop play as it isn't a head injury. Martinelli carries on, curling a shot on goal, but it's blocked by Murillo.
Now that the danger has gone for Forest, Montiel goes down once more. He was caught on his shoulder by Omabamidele's studs and needs treatment. He's okay to carry on.
Again, Arsenal overwork it in the final third, and another chance goes begging. It's more good work by Jesus down the left as he fizzes it into the box, but Odegaard chooses to knock it onto Rice. There isn't enough on it though, and Danilo pokes it away.
Jesus picks up the first yellow card of the game. He's complaining about a decision not going his way and gets booked for dissent.
CHANCE! Danilo wins it back in midfield and the space just opens up in front of him to drive into. He takes it to the edge of the D before taking aim, but his shot sails just over Raya's crossbar.
SO CLOSE! Zinchenko's sliced cross isn't dealt with by Forest, and Smith Rowe keeps the move alive for Arsenal. His touch is heavy, but it ends up being a good pass to Saka, whose first-time shot trickles just wide of the near post after taking a deflection off Murillo.
Into the first of three added minutes, and Arsenal are trying to get a goal just before the break. They're still finding a lot of space down their left, with Zinchenko clipping it in this time, but Jesus' header loops high over the bar.
GOOD SAVE! In the final action of the first half, Saka checks back to lose Montiel before curling a deep cross into the far post. Jesus gets above Omabamidele to head it towards the top corner, but Turner stretches to tip it over.
HALF-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 0-0 ARSENAL.
Despite Arsenal's dominance over Forest in the first half, it's goalless at the break. The Gunners had 81 per cent possession but struggled to break down a compact Forest side in front of them. Their best chance came on the stroke of half-time as Jesus' header had to be scrambled over by Turner, with Smith Rowe also sending an attempt over on the half-hour mark. Forest barely got out of their own half, but Danilo had a good chance, only to send it over the bar when one-on-one with Raya.
As soon as the half-time whistle blew, Arteta set off on a jog down the tunnel, clearly eager to get his team inside. Everything has worked for them until they got it into the final third, and they need to come up with a plan on how to open up their opponents. Forest have defended as a unit, which Nuno will have been pleased to see. They'll likely keep biding their time, looking for the golden chance that could snatch something from this game.
There's a change at the break for Forest, and it's a straight swap up front. Wood struggled to get into the game, and he's replaced by Awoniyi.
Forest get us back under way for the second half!
Arsenal have picked up where they left off in the first half, with Saka linking up well with Jesus down the right. The Brazilian fizzes a low cross towards Smith Rowe, but Murillo hooks it away.
Zinchenko chips it forward for Martinelli, and it looks like the chance is gone when he trips, but he does well to still get a cross away. He can't pick out a team-mate either though, and Forest clear their lines once more.
Gibbs-White tries to pick out Awoniyi with an early pass, but Gabriel blocks it, only to gift possession back to the midfielder. He switches it out to Williams on the right instead, but Saliba gets in the way of that cross. That's much better by Forest!
SAVE! Awoniyi is wrestled down by Saliba to win a free-kick, and Gibbs-White curls a good delivery into the box. Williams rises highest to nod it towards goal, but it's straight down the middle at Raya.
GREAT SAVE! The game has opened up in the last couple of minutes, and Arsenal surge forward on the counter. It's not the cleanest strike by Saka as it bobbles in front of him and takes a slight nick off Montiel, but Turner still needs to get a strong arm behind it.
Jesus has his hands up at the far post, asking for Martinelli to pick him out as he's completely unmarked. His fellow Brazilian tries to do just that, but Murillo thumps it away for a corner in front of Turner, who had it covered.
OFF THE POST! It's great play from Arsenal, as Saka rolls it back to Odegaard, who dummies a shot before laying it off to Jesus on the right of the box. He's one-on-one with Turner and rifles a powerful shot past him, but it ricochets off the near post.
Forest have only won one of their last six Premier League games when drawing 0-0 at half-time (D3 L2), although that win did come in their most recent such match (2-1 v Manchester United in December).
Danilo spins away from two Arsenal defenders with clever turns, hooking the ball over his shoulder each time. There are half-hearted shouts from the stands for a penalty after he goes down under pressure from Gabriel in the box, but nothing's given.
Omabamidele darts in front of Smith Rowe to cut out Martinelli's cross, only to gift it straight back to the winger. He tries to pick out Jesus with his second attempt, but Danilo intercepts that one.
Forest are making another change here, and it's another adjustment to their frontline. Dominguez goes off, with Hudson-Odoi brought on in his place.
JESUS SCORES! Arsenal finally break the deadlock! After all of their hard work, Forest are opened up by a long throw-in from Zinchenko to Jesus, who has time to turn before driving into the box. The angle is tight, and he has no right to score from there, but his low shot goes through Turner's legs and rolls over the line. 1-0 Arsenal!
Zinchenko is assessing his options when the space just opens up for him to throw it straight to Jesus, though the forward still has a lot of work to do.
Nuno gives a shake of his head on the touchline as Forest get the game back under way. Williams pushes forward down the right, but can't get away from Zinchenko to pick out a cross.
Saliba cuts out Williams' cross, and the Gunners mount another dangerous counter. Saka has acres of space down the right and cuts inside to curl a shot on goal. It's blocked by Mangala, and Arsenal win their eighth corner of the game.
Arsenal's first change of the game sees Smith Rowe taken off for Havertz.
And there's another roll of the dice for Forest too, as Mangala makes way for Yates.
SAKA SCORES! It's a really poor attempt to get Forest upfield by Montiel as he gifts it straight to Odegaard on the edge of the centre circle. He wastes no time sweeping it out to Jesus on the left, and he gets his head up to spot Saka in space on the edge of the box. He hits a low shot across goal, and though Turner gets fingertips to it, he can't stop it from hitting the back of the net. 2-0 Arsenal!
Jesus has had a really bright game for Arsenal, and now he has an assist to go with his earlier goal.
Jesus has switched out to the right now, and he whips a pacy cross into Havertz on the far side. He can't get it under control for a shot but manages to poke it to Saka. Murillo desperately swings out a leg to clear it just in time.
That second Arsenal goal just seems to have knocked Forest's confidence slightly, and they're not pressing as high as before. The visitors aren't in a hurry to push forward, content to hold onto the ball in their own half.
Forest's final change of the game sees Elanga make his return from a thigh injury as he comes on for Williams.
Arsenal are making a double change as well. Martinelli goes off for Trossard.
And Jesus goes off to a warm reception from the away fans as he's replaced by Nketiah.
Jesus has now scored against 29 of the 31 sides he has played against in the Premier League (94 per cent), failing to do so only against Cardiff City (one app) and Manchester City (two apps).
WIDE! Arsenal break quickly on the counter once more, and Odegaard slides it into Trossard's path on the edge of the box. He puts his laces through the shot, but it swerves away from goal and wide of the post.
Nketiah is slightly off balance, but he still manages to volley a cross into the box, looking for Trossard on the penalty spot. Omabamidele is alert to send it out for another Arsenal corner, which comes to nothing.
Forest are still trying to play out from the back, but they can't find a way through Arsenal. Awoniyi plays a blind pass out to the right, not realising that none of his team-mates are there, and the Gunners are quickly back in possession.
It's a risky backpass from Danilo to Turner, and he doesn't get enough on it. Saka gambles by chasing it down, but he catches Toffolo as the defender tries to hook it away.
AWONIYI PULLS ONE BACK! Danilo goes for a more direct route this time, making a big switch to Montiel on the right, and he picks out a good cross into the middle. Awoniyi has two Arsenal defenders around him, but an awkward bounce favours him and wrongfoots Saliba. The forward reacts quickest to latch onto it and pokes it under Raya. VAR checks for an offside against Montiel, but he was onside. 2-1!
Montiel times his run perfectly to get in behind Zinchenko before picking out a good cross that causes confusion in the Arsenal penalty area.
Into the first of five added minutes here, and the Forest fans now believe they can snatch something late on. They're urging their team upfield and another loud cheer goes up as Elanga wins a corner.
Arteta is making a double change before Forest can take their corner because he wants to get two more defensive players on. Jorginho replaces Odegaard.
And Kiwior comes on in place of Zinchenko.
BLOCK! Raya's punched clearance isn't overly convincing, and it loops to Gibbs-White, who puts his laces through the half-volley. Kiwior is at full stretch to block it and it loops up for Awoniyi, but his effort is straight at the goalkeeper.
Murillo jumps to clear a long ball over the top, but as he does, Nketiah crashes head-first into his hip. The defender can't believe that a free-kick has gone against him, but it's giving Arsenal a chance to run the clock down.
Forest have one last chance to get the ball into the box, and Toffolo goes for a long throw-in. It's headed straight back to him by Rice, but his follow-up cross skims the top of Elanga's head.
FULL-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 1-2 ARSENAL.
Arsenal hold on to get a 2-1 win over Forest and close the gap to league leaders Liverpool. The Gunners dominated the first half but struggled in the final third to break down a compact Forest defence, though Jesus forced Turner into a good save right on the stroke of half-time. Things opened up after the break, and Jesus rifled a shot against the post before finally breaking the deadlock with a clever finish from a very tight angle. Shortly after, Arsenal got their second following a quick counter as Saka drilled his low shot across goal into the bottom corner. In the 89th minute, Awoniyi gave the hosts some hope, poking it past Raya to half the deficit, but they couldn't find another to get something from the game. It's three points that lift Arsenal into second place, now just two points behind Liverpool, who don't play until tomorrow, and it's the Reds that they face at the weekend. As for Forest, they stay in 16th, but the gap to the relegation zone is significantly smaller now due to results elsewhere. They travel to Bournemouth on Sunday. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this fixture in the Premier League, with Tottenham hosting Brentford in a London derby at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
Fifth-placed Spurs have a chance to jump back into the Champions League spots with a win in this game, and will hope they can get back into the winners circle after a late 1-0 lost to Manchester City in the FA Cup. Ange Postecoglou’s side also drew their last Premier League game 2-2 with Manchester United, so a first league win of 2024 can’t come soon enough for the north Londoners.
Ivan Toney marked his return to the Brentford setup with an early equaliser in their 3-2 victory over Nottingham Forest last time out. That snapped a five-game losing streak for the Bees, and boss Thomas Frank will be hoping the return of Toney can help to inspire his side’s first win away from home since the end of October.
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Destiny Udogie; Oliver Skipp, Rodrigo Bentancur; Dejan Kulusevski, James Maddison, Timo Werner; Richarlison.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Fraser Forster, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Radu Dragusin, Bryan Gil, Emerson Royal, Brennan Johnson, Ben Davies, Dane Scarlett, Jamie Donley.
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Mark Flekken; Nathan Collins, Ethan Pinnock, Ben Mee; Mads Roerslev, Mathias Jensen, Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt, Keane Lewis-Potter; Neal Maupay, Ivan Toney.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Thomas Strakosha, Josh Dasilva, Zanka Jorgensen, Kristoffer Ajer, Mikkel Damsgaard, Shandon Baptiste, Yehor Yarmoliuk, Ethan Brierley, Benjamin Fredrick.
James Maddison makes his long-awaited return from injury and is named to start as one of two Spurs changes alongside Oliver Skipp. The England playmaker lines up in a dangerous front four including Dejan Kulusevski, Richarlison and Timo Werner, while Skipp slots in alongside Rodrigo Bentancur in the engine room.
Christian Norgaard is also back in the heart of Brentford’s midfield and wears the armband in place of Danish compatriot Mikkel Damsgaard. He’s the sole change from that 3-2 win over Forest 11 days ago, with goalscorers Ivan Toney and Neal Maupay spearheading the attack.
The teams are out on the pitch following an exhilarating lights show at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, and we're now just moments way from kick-off here!
Richarlison kicks off for Spurs, and this London derby is up and running in the north of the city!
Maddison is straight into the action and slips a pass through to Werner down the left. He drills a low cross into the centre which goes behind for a corner, but the decision is reversed after the German is flagged for offside.
There's some pushing and shoving going on already following a collision between Romero and Maupay, but the referee separates the pair and Toney soon enough to avoid any escalation.
BLOCKED!!! Kulusevski cuts inside from the right and weaves his way into the box before feeding Skipp. The midfielder shoots from a tight angle, but Mee gets in the way to block!
Tottenham have lost just one of their last nine league games against Brentford, though that defeat did come in this exact fixture last season with a 3-1 loss.
CHANCE!!! Delightful link-up play between Porro and Richarlison allows Skipp to release Kulusevski in behind the defence from long range. The Swede bursts away from Mee and into the box, but Jensen races back and dispossesses the Spurs winger just as he's about to pull the trigger!
Spurs lose possession on halfway and Maupay quickly recycles the ball to put Janelt in behind. The wing-back crosses from the byline, but Porro's there to get a deflection on the ball and it loops into Vicario's gloves.
Werner races around the outside of Roerslev and puts in another cross from the left, but this one is too close to Flekken and the Brentford keeper makes an easy catch.
CHANCE!!! A smart pass down the line from Maupay gives Lewis-Potter a free run deep into Spurs' half. He halts and cuts the ball back for Maupay to hit goalwards, but a poor first touch prevents the Frenchman from getting a shot away!
BALL IN THE NET!!! Brentford cut right through the Spurs defence with Lewis-Potter's ball to Jensen from the left. He links up with the unmarked Roerslev to his right and the wing-back lashes a powerful low shot across the face of goal and into the bottom corner, but the flag is up to deny the Bees an opener!
VAR has a second look at both passes from Lewis-Potter and Jensen, and the Dane is found to be half a yard offside from the initial ball to confirm the decision of no goal.
GOOOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!! Denied with one chance, but Brentford hit straight back to take the lead in north London!!! Spurs' high defensive line is exposed again as Norgaard dispossesses Romero on halfway and puts Toney on a clear run into the box. The striker goes for goal and is denied by Vicario, but Maupay is on hand to slide in and squeeze the rebound into the bottom corner!! 1-0 to the Bees, as Spurs are caught short big time!
Brentford look to catch Spurs napping once again, but are denied this time and Porro comes away with the ball. With the Bees defence stretched behind him, Norgaard takes the full-back to ground cynically and is met with the game's first yellow card.
It's six goals for the season for Maupay, who has now netted in each of Brentford's last four games. He's a proven scorer of big goals too, with each six of his strikes this season giving the Bees the lead in respective games!
SAVED!!! Bentancur drives into the box and is. encouraged to shoot by the crowd before teeing up Werner behind him. He shoots low with an effort that rolls through a three-man Brentford crowd, and almost catches a wrong-footed Flekken out before the goalkeeper races across to tip the ball wide of the post!
Flekken comes for Porro's corner but gets his punch all wrong and the ball drops onto the head of Werner, who can't divert his own effort goalwards and sends it wide of the mark!
Werner glides over successive Bees challenges to lay the ball off to Maddison, but his first-time shot from 20 yards is well blocked by Pinnock on the edge of the box!
Porro fizzes a cross in towards the far post with Richarlison arriving, but it's Flekken's ball all day and he comes off his line to collect.
WIDE!!!! Spurs go closer still!!! Kulusevski can't bring Maddison's diagonal ball under control, but Richarlison can, curling a shot goalwards from the edge of the box which beats Flekken before whistling inches wide of the post and into the stanchion behind the uprights!
Maupay puts Jensen into plenty of crossing space and the midfielder floats it over the top from the right-hand byline. Lewis-Potter looks to hook the ball back into the middle from the left, but shanks his volleyed cutback and Spurs are able to clear!
Tottenham have lost their last two Premier League London derbies at home, going down 4-1 against Chelsea and 2-1 against West Ham respectively. They’ve not lost three in a row since back in April 2004 at White Hart Lane.
Romero looks to find Maddison in shooting space on the edge of the box, but Janelt slides in to cut the ball out and back it rolls to Flekken.
Norgaard tries to pick Van de Ven's pocket but is swiftly taken to ground by the Spurs defender, who concedes a free-kick in a good crossing position for the visitors.
The referee's called in to separate yet another fracas between the two sets of players as Lewis-Potter stands over the free-kick. It's the same few culprits every single time, and he'll be keen to bring an end to the feistiness of this clash as soon as he can!
CHANCE!!! Spurs can't clear from a long Brentford throw-in and the bouncing ball is hooked back towards goal by Mee. Maupay gets on the end of it to head across for the arriving Collins, but a timely block from Skipp sends the ball behind the defender and out for a corner!
WIDE!!! Lewis-Potter's delivery could well curl in at the near post before being punched clear by Vicario, but Brentford continue to push the envelope and it's crossed back into the middle. Pinnock brings the ball down with his back to goal, and tries a Thierry Henry-esque back-heel which he puts barely a yard wide of the far post!
NO GOAL!!! Now it's Spurs who are denied at the other end!! Udogie's throughball rolls through the crowd to Collins in the Brentford box, but a loose touch allows Richarlison to brush past him, beat Flekken and chip the ball into the far corner!!! The referee points to the centre, but it's for a Brentford free-kick rather than a Spurs goal, and replays show that Collins was indeed caught from behind by the Brazilian!
Both Brentford and Tottenham have lost four Premier League games after scoring the first goal this season, with no side losing more often. Spurs had opened the scoring in more different games (16) than any other side this term.
Maddison tries to take a quick spurs free-kick by blasting the ball into Norgaard. He's after a second booking for the Bees captain, but there was nothing Norgaard could've done to get out of the way and the referee agrees.
Kulusevski is penalised after getting into a tangle with Toney and Brentford look to take a quick one themselves. Kulusevski obstructs, but Maupay is immediately on the same to push him out of the way and after being put on the deck himself, the Frenchman is finally shown a yellow card by the referee.
The yellow card is also out for Kulusevski for reacting and pushing Maupay back during that altercation, and hopefully those cautions should put a stop to the scuffles we've already seen throughout this first half!
SAVED!!! Bentancur's foul on Norgaard gives Brentford a free-kick, which Lewis-Potter swings into the area to find an unmarked Toney. The striker's free header is on target, but Vicario gets a strong hand to the ball and parries it away from danger!
We're into SIX additional minutes at the end of the first half - which is hardly surprising given the altercations we've seen at nearly every single set-piece so far!
Toney scored on his return to Premier League action against Nottingham Forest last time out. He’s alternated between not scoring and scoring (eight and eight) in his last 16 Premier League appearances, with his last four goals all coming in home games.
Spurs continue to look for avenues through the Bees' rock-solid defence, but simply cannot find an opening as Bentancur's pass from deep skews wide and out for a throw.
Werner takes on Roerslev once more and is pushed wide before hitting a left-footed cross, but it's a wayward ball which sails well behind Flekken's goal frame.
HALF-TIME: TOTTENHAM 0-1 BRENTFORD
A frantic opening 45 minutes have absolutely flown by in north London, with Brentford leading 1-0 at the break after catching Spurs on the hop early in the contest! Mee and Jensen both intervened to deny Spurs opportunities in the box, but the Bees didn't take long to turn the tide in their favour and Roerslev's breakaway goal was pulled back for an offside in the build-up. Brentford would make no mistake on their next trip into Spurs' half though, running clean through on goal again and opening the score through Maupay after Toney's initial shot was saved. Werner and Richarlison both went within inches at the other end as the hosts pushed for an equaliser, with the latter denied for a foul on Collins after putting the ball into the net. Pinnock back-heeled wide and Toney's close-range header was saved late in the half, with the Bees in the ascendancy going into the second period!
Spurs' Maddison has been kept well under wraps by a hive-like Brentford midfield so far on his return to the XI, with the Bees exploiting the space in between him and the Tottenham back four to great effect. Regardless, the 27-year-old has still been able to manage two shots, eight final-third entries and a game-high 60 passes, while also winning four of six on-the-ball duels as well as two free-kicks, a tackle and interception apiece. Key.
Ange Postecoglou makes a double change in the Spurs midfield, with returnee Skipp replaced for the second period by Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg.
Winger Brennan Johnson also comes on for the hosts in place of Bentancur, in a change which could well result in a formational shift in the second half.
Jensen gets the game back underway for Brentford, who are in command of the scoreline going into a crucial second half here!
CHANCE!! Mee fires a cross over the top which Toney collects superbly, and cuts the ball back for Maupay to hit straight at Vicario! The ball is still live, but the referee's whistle has blown for a Brentford handball in the build-up.
GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! It's a perfect start to the second half - Spurs are back level!!! Udogie strides well over halfway and combines with Werner on his left-hand side. The forward cuts inside and finds Udogie on a continuing run, and after his initial effort ricochets off Pinnock, the left-back slots the rebound in at the near post for 1-1!
GOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! How about that - two goals in a minute and Spurs lead 2-1!!! Straight from the restart, the hosts win possession back and Werner carries the ball down the left-hand side. His low cross into the area evades both Pinnock and Mee, but the substitute Johnson is waiting patiently and slides in at the far post to tap into an empty net!! From 1-0 down to 2-1 up in literal seconds, what a half-time response from Tottenham!
Instrumental in Udogie's first, Werner gets the assist for the second by Johnson, and he's slotted straight into the wide-left role at his new club!
Werner's causing Brentford all sorts of problems down the left again, breezing past Collins before seeing his low cross put behind for a corner by Pinnock!
Tottenham have just scored their ninth and 10th goals in the first 15 minutes of their second halves this season, the most of any side in the Premier League!
Udogie is clipped very late indeed by the already-booked Norgaard, and given how often that kind of challenge warrants a yellow, the Brentford captain is very lucky to still be on the pitch!
Norgaard and Jensen get tangled up with the ball as they dispossess Maddison and it drops to Richarlison, who turns and slams a left-footed shot just wide of the target!
GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! There's the third!!! Udogie canters into wide open space once more before feeding Maddison in the box. He twists and turns before drilling a shot off the legs of Pinnock, but the ball drops straight into Richarlison's path for the striker to sweep into the back of the net!!! Spurs lead 3-1 with three goals in seven minutes, and the Bees are being pulled from pillar to post now.
It's Jensen who comes off rather than the tightrope-walking Norgaard, as Yehor Yarmoliuk enters the fray in Brentford's midfield.
BLOCKED!!! A glorious Johnson touch rolls Porro's throughball into Kulusevski's path, but he chooses to cut inside and shoot rather than going first-time with his right foot! Mee's block sends the ball into Johnson's path, who tees up Porro to leather a wayward effort wide from the edge of the box!
Spurs are yet to win any of the three games they've trailed at half-time so far this season, but that remarkable three-goal burst leaves them well on course to secure all three points from here on in!
WIDE!!! Toney plays a one-two with Lewis-Potter before unleashing a piledriver from the edge of the box, which has Vicario clutching at thin air as the venomously-struck ball creeps just beyond the far post!
WIDE!!! Toney goes close once again! Yarmoliuk's smart scoop over the top puts Maupay in behind the defence, and he draws two Spurs defenders before squaring to Toney in the box. Out comes Flekken and in come a plethora of sliding challenges, but Toney evades them all before pulling his eventual shot across the face of goal and wide!
Richarlison's goal to make it 3-1 was his seventh his last seven Premier League appearances, more than he'd managed in his previous 47. Nine of his 11 goal involvements overall this season have come in his last seven appearances at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Brentford aren't quite done yet!!! Udogie slips as he makes a back-pass towards Vicario, and Toney, who had stayed high up the pitch, is straight onto it. The striker's not offside as the ball came from a Spurs player, and he draws the Spurs goalkeeper before drilling into the bottom-left corner!!! Out of absolutely nowhere, Brentford reduce the deficit to 3-2, and we've got one hell of a game on our hands in the final 25 minutes here!
That's two in two games for Toney after returning from his eight-month betting ban, and could it inspire Brentford to make a Lazarus-like comeback of their own?
Kulusevski lines up a shot through the crowded Brentford box following Maddison's lay-off, but Mee makes the block which sends the ball back into the path of the Spurs number 10. Maddison tries to scoop a chipped shot in at the far post, but it's skewed wide and Flekken will take the goal-kick.
Brentford have numbers queuing up in the box after a chance for Mee is blocked, and Roerslev's cross is chested down by Janelt. He's looking to shoot, but can't get the ball under control in time before it's hacked clear by Spurs' Porro!
Following their three-goal flurry early in this half, Tottenham have now scored in each of their last 34 Premier League games, their longest scoring streak in their league history. Only three teams have scored in more consecutive Premier League matches – Arsenal (55 from 2001 to 2002), Manchester United (36 from 2007 to 2008) and Liverpool (36 from 2019 to 2020).
Romero cuts out a Brentford attack and away go Spurs on the counter. Maddison feeds Werner to his left, and the German's early snap-shot deflects off Collins to go behind for a corner.
Porro sizes up a shot from the edge of the box and gets it away, but it's never troubling Flekken and sails well over the top.
Collins comes off in Brentford's latest change, and he'll be replaced in central defence by Kristoffer Ajer.
Joshua Dasilva also comes on with the Bees in the hunt for an equaliser, and he'll replace Roerslev for the final 12 or so minutes here.
Having lost their first Premier League meeting with Tottenham in December 2021, Brentford are now unbeaten in their last four against them, but are running out of time if they want to extend that run to five.
Maddison takes a free-kick short and puts in a cross from the left. Mee gets his head to it, but can't prevent the ball from rolling behind at the corner flag for another Spurs set-piece.
BLOCKED!!! Porro's delivery is glanced away from danger by Mee, but Kulusevski returns serve and dribbles deep into the box. He shoots from a tight angle, but Mee's there again to make the block and send the ball behind for a second corner in quick succession!
Play is temporarily halted for Richarlison to get treatment following a clash of heads, and the Brazilian is soon back amongst the action once play re-starts.
Werner's away again down the left for Spurs and looks to beat Ajer in the box, but he can't get away from the Dane and is eventually dispossessed by the Brentford substitute.
Maddison has pulled up with cramp for Spurs having been one of the key players on his first appearance since November, and not wanting to risk him further, the England midfielder is withdrawn for January signing Radu Dragusin to make his home debut at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
Janelt comes off for Brentford in one of two late changes, with Shandon Baptiste hoping to provide the visitors with some late, late spark in the final third.
Mikkel Damsgaard is also thrown on for the final stages of this one and will take Lewis-Potter's place out wide.
A Spurs counter-attack is halted in its tracks by Norgaard and Mee comes away with the ball. He passes wide for Baptiste to get a cross in, but Johnson's back in cover for Spurs and prevents the conceding of a corner.
Yarmoliuk climbs up the back of Udogie to get on the end of a high ball, sparking another all-in fracas which ends with a Spurs free-kick and a yellow card for the Brentford substitute.
We're into minute one of SEVEN added on by the referee, and given what we've seen so far, don't expect anything less than a pulsating finish to this topsy-turvy encounter.
Werner has been the standout in this half for Spurs, being instrumental in two of the three goals in that lightning-fast turnaround. Youngster Jamie Donley will take his place, as we enter an elongated period of added time.
SAVED!!!! Johnson presses Ajer into losing the ball and Richarlison latches onto it, firing a low left-footed shot from a tight angle which is parried superbly by Flekken and headed away from danger by Pinnock!
SAVED!!! What a stop to keep the Bees at bay!!! Dasilva does brilliantly to dribble past two into the box, and stays alive to volley his deflected cross back to the penalty spot. Baptiste is waiting centrally with the goal at his mercy, but his looping volley is tipped over the bar by a Vicario at full stretch!!!
Damsgaard dives in at the near post to get on the end of Ajer's cross, but Romero meets it with a crucial block before scything the loose ball away from danger!
Kulusevski leads the counter charge for Spurs and links up with Donley on his left, but the substitute loses the ball and pulls back Maupay, bringing a potential Bees break to a halt and earning himself a late yellow card!
Damsgaard floats a Brentford cross to the far post as Dasilva closes in, with Udogie getting the final touch to concede a late corner which Bees goalkeeper Flekken is coming forward for!!!
FULL-TIME: TOTTENHAM 3-2 BRENTFORD.
Just how good was THAT?? Three goals in eight stunning second-half minutes secures all three points for Spurs, as they hold on to defeat Brentford 3-2 despite Toney's response for the visitors! Several fans had hardly re-taken their seats before Udogie waltzed through the Bees' midfield to slot home Werner's cutback in the 48th minute, and Brentford were still reeling from that equaliser when Johnson popped up at the far post moments later to make it 2-1! Richarlison added a third within five minutes after more good work from Udogie and Maddison, with Kulusevski and the Brazilian having further chances to extend Spurs' advantage. Toney went close twice in quick succession at the other end before profiting from Udogie's poor back-pass to make it 3-2, but despite creating several late chances, most notably seeing Baptiste volley over from close range, Brentford couldn't find an equaliser and suffer a fifth successive defeat on the road. They remain 15th, while Spurs leapfrog Aston Villa into fourth, with a win that showcased the very best and worst of 'Angeball' in north London.
Hello and welcome to this live commentary for the Premier League fixture between West Ham and Bournemouth live from the London Stadium.
After falling to a disappointing late draw against Sheffield United, West Ham enjoyed a much-needed time to reset with the Hammers not in FA Cup fourth-round action last weekend. David Moyes' side will be looking for an immediate reaction, though, having failed to win any of their last four games prior to today. It's been a busy day of outgoings in the transfer market but those fans travelling to the London Stadium tonight will be keen to see three points from those still in the squad as their side look to put pressure on Aston Villa in fifth following their defeat to Newcastle on Tuesday.
Bournemouth, meanwhile, will be heading into this fixture full of confidence after their comprehensive 5-0 win against Swansea in the FA Cup fifth round last Thursday. The Cherries, however, have lost their last two Premier League games and are winless against the Hammers in their last five games (D2, L3). A win tonight would move Andoni Iraola's side above Fulham and into 12th after the Cottagers drew 0-0 with Everton on Tuesday.
WEST HAM (4-3-2-1): Alphonse Areola; Ben Johnson, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Kurt Zouma, Emerson; Kalvin Phillips, Tomas Soucek, Edson Alvarez; Mohammed Kudus, James Ward-Prowse; Jarrod Bowen.
WEST HAM SUBS: Lukasz Fabianski, Divin Mubama, Angelo Ogbonna, Kaelan Casey, Aaron Cresswell, Lewis Orford, Oliver Scarles, Danny Ings, Maxwel Cornet.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Adam Smith, Illia Zabarnyi, Marcos Senesi, Lloyd Kelly; Lewis Cook, Ryan Christie; Antoine Semenyo, Adam Scott, Marcus Tavernier; Dominic Solanke.
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Mark Travers, Philip Billing, Max Kinsey-Wellings, Luis Sinisterra, Chris Mepham, Gavin Kilkenny, Milos Kerkez, Justin Kluivert, Romain Faivre.
David Moyes makes four changes to his West Ham side that drew 2-2 against Sheffield United last time out. Vladimir Coufal is suspended after picking up a red card and so Ben Johnson comes in at right-back. Further forward, both Cornet and Ings drop to the bench, while Pablo Fornals misses out altogether, with the Spaniard closing in on a deadline-day move to Real Betis. In their place, there is a first start for new signing Kalvin Phillips after joining on loan from Manchester City, while Alvarez and Kudus return from injury and the Africa Cup of Nations respectively.
Andoni Iraola, meanwhile, also names four changes from Bournemouth's 5-0 win FA Cup win against Swansea. Neto and Smith return in goal and defence to replace Travers and James Hill. Further forward, Tavernier is preferred to Sinisterra, while David Brooks is replaced by Semenyo, with the Welshman having recently completed a loan move to Championship side Southampton.
West Ham have kept a clean sheet in each of their last three Premier League home games. The last time they achieved four in a row came between December and January in 2009-10 under Gianfranco Zola.
KICK-OFF! West Ham get us underway here in London for the first half.
GOAAALLL!! BOURNEMOUTH LEAD! 1-0! What a nightmare start in a West Ham shirt for Phillips. The Englishman is caught in possession on the edge of his box and, under pressure from Christie, gifts the ball to Solanke who slots home past Areola. The goal was initially ruled out for offside but the final touch came off the West Ham midfielder so the goal stands.
OVER! West Ham still haven't woken up here as Bournemouth almost have a second. A free-kick is swung in from the left and Senesi fires just over the bar as he strikes the loose ball at the first time of asking.
That's just the third time that West Ham have conceded a first-half goal at home this season. Not the start that Moyes would have been after from his men.
Bournemouth continue to press high up the pitch and force Areola to go long with the kick. Bowen is leading the line tonight but he hasn't got the aerial presence to outmuscle the Bournemouth central defenders.
Moyes is cutting an animated figure on the sideline as he barks orders at his West Ham players. Smith deflects Bowen's corner behind as West Ham win their first corner of the game.
Ward-Prowse swings in the corner to the front post but the delivery is unusually poor from the Englishman and Bournemouth win a goal-kick.
Kudus does well to hassle Kelly off the ball down the left side but Bowen eventually loses the ball on the edge of the box. Bournemouth break before Cook's long-range effort has Areola worried for a moment but the effort sails well wide of the target.
Tavernier feeds Semenyo and it's a great little run from the winger to get himself into the box. His eventual left-footed effort takes a deflection off Mavropanos but goes out for a corner. The corner is whipped in by Scott but Areola clings on after it flicks off Solanke's arm.
West Ham have not clicked into gear so far this match, with the home side registering just one shot so far this game.
Another well-worked move from Bournemouth as Mavropanos heads Scott's fierce cross behind for another corner.
Scott delivers his ball to the near post but Christie's looping header goes comfortably over the bar.
Soucek pulls back Cook in the middle of the park to give away another foul. That's greeted by more groans from the home fans in attendance who are less than impressed with the start their side have made to this contest.
Dominic Solanke has now scored 13 Premier League goals this season – only Joshua King in 2016-17 (16) and Callum Wilson in 2018-19 (14) have scored more in a single top-flight campaign for Bournemouth.
Ward-Prowse is really struggling out on this left flank. The midfielder has had just ten touches of the ball so far this game, the joint-fewest of any West Ham player so far.
A lovely defence-splitting pass from Cook plays Tavernier down the right side of the box. The winger tries to cut the ball towards Solanke but West Ham clear the threat away.
West Ham line up a long throw-in but it's a poor delivery from the centre-back which gets nowhere near the penalty area. That sums up West Ham's first half so far. The home side do win a free-kick shortly after but Ward-Prowse's delivery is cleared away.
Bowen is having to drop deep to get on the ball which isn't an ideal position for the West Ham centre forward. The Englishman gives the ball away cheaply but Semenyo can't make anything stick with his surging run down the right flank.
SAVE! A huge save from Areola to keep the home side in it. Again, West Ham are dispossessed in the middle of the park and Solanke has the ball inside the box in an instant. He shifts it to Semenyo who should score but blasts his effort straight at Areola who makes the vital stop. That should be 2-0.
A superb delivery into the box from Ward-Prowse as he finally gets into an advanced position down the left side. Bowen throws himself at the cross but can't make contact with the header and Neto is able to push the ball away.
Better now from West Ham as Kudus makes a good run to the byline. His cross reaches the onrushing Soucek but the midfielder can't control his header and it's well over the bar from the Czech international.
A lovely turn from Kudus gives Johnson plenty of space on the right side to whip in a cross. His delivery, though, is poor and goes behind the three West Ham players queuing up in the box.
It's been a far better end to the half for the home side who have enjoyed 80 per cent of the ball in these last five minutes.
Tavernier forces a good save from Areola but the flag goes up on Solanke who was offside in the build-up.
Into the first of two minutes of first-half added time we go.
Another good chance for the Cherries on the stroke of half-time. A lovely pass from Christie opens up the pitch as Solankes surges forward. He slides through Semenyo but his left-footed effort is deflected over the bar for a corner.
HALF-TIME: WEST HAM 0-1 BOURNEMOUTH
West Ham trail 1-0 at the break against Bournemouth after Dominic Solanke notched up his 13th goal of the Premier League season. The Cherries striker has been in fine form this season and took just three minutes to add to his tally at the London Stadium, firing home after debutant Kalvin Phillips was caught in possession. The away side should really be two goals to the good but for Alphonse Areola's smart save to deny Antoine Semenyo's well-struck effort. West Ham grew into the game as the half wore on but they still have plenty of work to do after the break to pull this one back.
Moyes should be pleased with how his side ended the first half but they will need to keep that level up for the entirety of the second half. In particular, the Hammers were very sloppy in midfield and often found themselves caught out by Bournemouth's press.
KICK-OFF! Bournemouth get us back underway after the break.
A slight pause as Solanke goes down following a collision. The Bournemouth striker is back up on his feet, though and good to continue.
Scott whips in a good ball from the left side - looking for Tavernier - but Zouma makes the vital clearance.
West Ham appear to have moved to a narrow diamond in midfield since the break. They will surely be hoping to get Ward-Prowse more involved in open play after he struggled out on the left in the first half.
The home side win a free-kick on the left side in a promising position. There's a lovely arc on Ward-Prowse's cross into the box but Soucek struggles to direct his header on target as it flies wide.
Johnson's cross is cleared only as far as Alvarez but his strike from the edge of the box clatters its way through to Neto who makes a comfortable save.
The home fans are incensed as Kudus goes down inside the area. The winger had the beating of Kelly before going down inside the box but the referee waves the protests away. VAR is taking a look, however.
The referee Tim Robinson is told to head to the monitor. It did appear that Kelly clipped the heel of Kudus on replay.
PENALTY! The referee changes his decision and West Ham will have a penalty and a chance to level up this game.
GOOOAAAALLL!! WEST HAM EQUALISE! 1-1! Neto dives to his right but Ward-Prowse smashes it down the middle and the home side are level.
Kelly, who conceded the West Ham penalty, almost redeems himself as he makes a surging, overlapping run down the left. His cross is looking for Solanke in the middle but Areola does well to parry it out for a corner.
Scott's corner is aimed towards the far post but Zouma rises well to clear it away.
Christie is given too much space on the edge of the box but his clipped, left-footed effort just drifts past the right post.
Kudus is causing real problems down his West Ham right. He draws another foul and this time Christie is shown the game's first yellow card.
Ward-Prowse whips the cross towards the back post but Bowen is unable to direct his header on target through a crowd of players.
Bournemouth make a double change as Semenyo departs for Sinisterra.
Scott also makes way, with Kluivert replacing him.
West Ham also make a change as Phillips departs after a mixed debut. Former Cherries man Ings comes on in his place.
Bowen flies into a fifty-fifty challenge with Zabarnyi but catches the defender late. It will be a yellow card for the West Ham forward.
Cook gifts the ball away but does superbly well to track back and execute a perfect sliding tackle to dispossess Bowen.
Bowen makes a great surging run down the right but a slight deflection on the cross just takes it behind Ings. The Hammers striker recovers the ball, laying it back to Soucek but his effort is blocked by Senesi.
Kelly has hit the turf again and it looks like the defender's torrid luck with injury is set to continue.
Kerkez will replace Kelly as he hobbles off the pitch.
Tavernier whips a free-kick into the box from deep but Johnson does well to win the header before the offside flag goes up.
Kluivert sparks into life down the right but Christie can't figure out his feet as the ball drops to him inside the box and the half chance goes begging.
Cook commits a rather cynical foul on Ings down the right side as the Hammers striker looks to break away. The midfielder is shown a yellow card for his troubles.
Sinisterra is given too much space on the left edge of the box. He jinks inside but his fierce effort is blocked well by the head of Mavropanos.
The corner is whipped in but it's a poor delivery which is headed away easily at the front post.
Both sides are giving it a real go in the final few minutes in search of what would surely be a winning goal. Will either side make the breakthrough?
There will be eight minutes of added time to end this second half.
A late change for Bournemouth as Tavernier makes way for Faivre who makes his first start since returning from his loan spell at Lorient.
Bournemouth aren't hurrying in these final few moments as Smith and Solanke run down the clock in the right corner of the pitch. Perhaps the away side are more than happy with a point at this stage.
The away side work the ball patiently as they look for one final chance but Smith's eventual cross from the right is wildly overhit and flies out for a throw-in.
A late change for the home side as Kudus is replaced by Cornet for the final minutes.
Faivre is shown a late yellow for timewasting.
FULL-TIME: WEST HAM 1-1 BOURNEMOUTH
A sluggish West Ham were held to a 1-1 draw at home against Bournemouth as David Moyes' side missed out on the chance to put pressure on Aston Villa in fifth place. The home side got off to the worst possible start as Dominic Solanke fired home after just three minutes when debutant Kalvin Phillips was caught in possession. Antoine Semenyo missed a golden opportunity to double the Cherries' lead but saw his effort saved by Alphonse Areola. It was a game of few chances in the second half but the Hammers took their one clear chance when a VAR check afforded James Ward-Prowse the chance to slam home from the penalty spot after Lloyd Kelly brought down Mohammed Kudus in the area. The Hammers remain in sixth, while Bournemouth's winless run against West Ham extends to six games. Next up for Moyes' side is a tricky visit to face Manchester United, while Bournemouth host Nottingham Forest. That's all for today - thanks for tuning in!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League fixture between Wolverhampton Wanderers and Manchester United at Molineux.
It appears that 11th-placed Wolves have firmly put a poor first half of the season behind them, winning three of a four-match unbeaten run and dumping local rivals West Brom out of the FA Cup in their last game. Gary O’Neil’s side were controversially beaten at Old Trafford on the opening weekend of the season, and will leapfrog United to go as high as eighth in the table should they return the favour to claim all three points here.
The Red Devils scored twice in the second half to beat Newport 4-2 at Rodney Parade, surviving that potential banana skin of a tie to advance to the fifth round of the FA Cup. the visitors are now on the hunt for their first Premier League victory of 2024, and only need a point to rise above Newcastle and Brighton in the table, but would need victory with an eight-goal swing to go their way if they want to displace West Ham in sixth.
WOLVES (3-4-2-1): Jose Sa; Maximilian Kilman, Chris Dawson, Toti Gomes; Nelson Semedo, Mario Lemina, Tommy Doyle, Matt Doherty; Pedro Neto, Matheus Cunha; Jean-Ricner Bellegarde.
WOLVES SUBS: Dan Bentley, Rayan Ait-Nouri, Santiago Bueno, Joao Gomes, Hugo Bueno, Pablo Sarabia, Joe Hodge, Tawanda Chirewa. Nathan Fraser.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Diogo Dalot, Raphael Varane, Lisandro Martinez, Luke Shaw; Kobbie Mainoo, Casemiro; Alejandro Garnacho, Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford; Rasmus Hojlund.
MANCHESTER UNITED SUBS: Altay Bayindir, Harry Maguire, Christian Eriksen, Amad Diallo, Antony, Jonny Evans, Scott McTominay, Willy Kambwala, Omari Forson.
Forwards Pedro Neto and Matheus Cunha both netted as Wolves won a feisty and hot-tempered – both on and off the pitch – Black Country derby against West Brom last weekend, and Gary O’Neil names an unchanged side for this clash with Manchester United; the pair flanking Jean-Ricner Bellegarde up front for the hosts.
The visitors make two high-profile changes from the side that edged Newport in the FA Cup, with Andre Onana returning between the sticks following Cameroon’s elimination from the Africa Cup of Nations last 16. Marcus Rashford also starts for the Red Devils after being absent from the squad in south Wales – that’s despite being caught on an impromptu, unsanctioned trip to Northern Ireland last week.
Molineux awaits as the teams trudge out onto the pitch, with both sides hoping to move several places up the Premier League table with a win in this game!
Red Devils captain Fernandes kicks off for the visitors, and we're up and running in the West Midlands!
Wolves have lost six of their last seven Premier League meetings with Manchester United, failing to score a goal in their last three straight.
Quick feet from Semedo takes him past Shaw and over halfway, before he's chopped down from behind by Casemiro. The Manchester United midfielder's never getting anywhere near the ball, and it's a textbook yellow for the Brazilian just three minutes into the contest.
GOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!!! The Red Devils lead already!!! Good play around the Wolves box culminates with Dalot drilling a low ball into the feet of Hojlund. He turns and lays it off to Rashford on the edge of the area, who side-foots a powerful first-time effort right into the top-left corner!!! Nothing Sa could do about that, and putting Manchester United 1-0 up just five minutes in is the perfect redemption for Rashford!
Fernandes' dummy gave Hojlund shooting space of his own in the box, but he saw the better option in Rashford and laid on the assist for a superb finish!
That's Rashford's Premier League fifth goal of the season, for a United side who have avoided defeat in the last seven matches they've gone 1-0 up in!
A smart touch from Rashford gives Hojlund the chance to knock the ball ahead and race onto it over halfway, but he's muscled off it by Dawson and Wolves win possession back!
Manchester United look to stretch Wolves again as Fernandes and Rashford link up in the box. Fernandes takes a poor touch but is able to tee up Casemiro for a 20-yard shot, which he pulls just wide of Sa's right-hand post!
CHANCE!!! Semedo's cross-field pass puts Cunha into plenty of space, and he dribbles past Dalot into the 18-yard box. Dalot follows the Wolves forward as he opens up to shoot, getting a foot in to block and send the ball into Onana's gloves at the near post!
Having won just two of their first six Premier League away games against Wolves, Manchester United have now won each of their last three visits to Molineux, and that Rashford opener has them on course to make it four wins straight.
Shaw wraps around the outside of Rashford and scoops a cross back from the byline. Toti heads clear for Wolves, but Casemiro is onto the loose ball and lashes a mistimed half-volley over the bar!!
Wolves win their first corner of the game after Shaw blocks Semedo's initial cross behind, but from the set-piece Dawson's header back across goal is an easy one for Onana to collect.
Casemiro's ball over the top sends Garnacho in behind the defence and away from Toti. Rashford's sprinting up in support to his left, but the youngster's cross is woefully mis-hit and sails behind for a goal-kick!
Wolves win possession high up the pitch and Lemina finds Cunha on the edge of the box, who cuts inside and curls a shot goalwards which Onana barely has to move to save and hold!
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! United have a second!!! More quick interplay sees the ball shifted from right to left through Garnacho, Rashford and Shaw, and the latter's low cross to the near post takes a nick off Kilman before Hojlund slides in to divert it goalwards. The Dane was in the right place at the right time to make the most of that deflection, and he puts the Red Devils 2-0 up from close range!
It's a third Premier League goal in the fledgling career of Hojlund, who has now netted in each of his last three games for the Red Devils across all competitions.
WIDE!!! Fernandes whips in a United free-kick following Doyle's foul on Hojlund and finds Casemiro at the near post, who heads goalwards but can only find the side netting with Sa rooted to the spot!
SAVED!!!! Wolves win a free-kick of their own on the edge of the Red Devils' box after a cynical challenge from Fernandes on Neto. Doyle steps up to strike it, and fires a fizzing shot over the wall which Onana initially fumbles before re-gathering!
Manchester United haven’t lost a Premier League game in February since all the way back in 2018 - going unbeaten in their last 22 such games since and winning 13 along the way.
CHANCE!!! Wolves get out of jail to somehow not go 3-0 down!!! Fernandes' throughball for Hojlund is cut out by Doherty, but he sells Sa massively short with an awful back-pass which the goalkeeper comes for, blasts against the onrushing Hojlund, and is left stranded as the loose ball deflects wide of the upright!
WIDE!!! Forward come the visitors again as Rashford and Hojlund combine to tee up Fernandes, whose first-time shot from the edge of the area rolls across the face of goal and beyond the far post!
Doyle looks for the back-post run of Neto with a lofted ball into the area, but Onana gets there ahead of the Wolves winger to make a routine catch.
OVER!!! After a United corner is headed half-clear by Wolves, Garnacho replies with a volley from the edge of the box which falls kindly for Varane. He lashes a decent effort of his own goalwards, which beats Sa and looks to be heading in before nestling on the roof of the net!!
Coming into this round of matches, only 20th placed Sheffield United (100 minutes) and 18th placed Luton (223 minutes) had spent less time leading their Premier League games this season than Manchester United's 288 minutes. The Red Devils have failed to lead for a single minute in any of their last four away games, but haven't looked close to giving this one up since Rashford's fifth-minute opener!
Wolves win a corner after Doherty's cross is blocked behind by Martinez, but the Argentine and his centre-back partner Varane are there to snuff out any chance for the hosts and the latter hacks the ball clear!
The visitors have won four and lost one of this five games they've scored first in so far this season, and 2-0 up with the break just five minutes away, are in the driving seat to get the job done at Molineux.
Bellegarde drives away from Casemiro and plays a one-two with Neto to find Toti advancing into the box. The defender looks to cross to the near post, but Dalot's block sees the ball ricochet off his Portuguese compatriot and bounce behind for a goal-kick!
Cunha skips beyond Casemiro's scything challenge and takes on Varane down the left, but loses out to the defender and Garnacho recovers the loose ball to win a free-kick for the Red Devils.
BALL IN THE NET!!!! The offside flag goes up to prevent Hojlund making it 3-0!!! Garnacho cuts inside and takes on the backtracking defence before threading the ball into Hojlund's path. He peels off the last defender and strokes the ball past Sa into the bottom corner, but the flag is correctly raised to deny the Dane a double!
We're into three additional first-half minutes at Molineux, with the hosts hoping to get to the break without being stretched yet again by Manchester United.
Dawson and Hojlund clatter into each other as a throughball rolls forward, and the Wolves defender is penalised as well as being shown a yellow card.
OFFSIDE AGAIN!!! Another marginal offside sees the visitors denied that evasive third goal!!! Fernandes' cross from the free-kick is met by Casemiro and nodded low into the corner, but the flag is up once more to penalise the Brazilian for being fractionally ahead of the last defender!
Hojlund releases Fernandes in behind and the Red Devils' skipper looks for Garnacho in support, but his wayward cross can't find the winger and another chance goes amiss for the visitors!
HALF-TIME: WOLVES 0-2 MANCHESTER UNITED.
Manchester United put together arguably their strongest away performance of the season so far to lead Wolves 2-0 at the break - and that's a scoreline which more than flatters the hosts. Rashford's coolly-placed finish just five minutes into the contest got things up and running for the Red Devils, who soon doubled their lead after Hojlund steered Shaw's deflected cross in at the near post. Further chances followed as Casemiro, Fernandes and Varane all put decent efforts wide, while the offside flag prevented both Hojlund and Casemiro from putting United 3-0 up late in the half. Other than Cunha's deflected shot and Doyle's saved free-kick, Wolves have offered next to nothing at the other end and have a mountain to climb if they're to get themselves back into this contest.
Hojlund has come into his own as United's leading striker in this game, doubling his side's lead in the 22nd minute and chipping Sa late on before being denied by the offside flag. The 20-year-old Dane also set up Rashford's opener with one of four final-third passes and two chances created, as well as winning three duels and free-kicks apiece for the Red Devils' cause.
Wolves resume proceedings at Molineux with it all to do in the second half, as Bellegarde gets this game back underway.
BLOCKED!! The Red Devils are straight out of the blocks and Garnacho races down the right onto a long throughball. He cuts it back for the arriving Fernandes to strike goalwards, but Dawson steps in with a last-ditch block to deny him!
Martinez clatters Semedo as the Wolves wing-back collects a pass, and picks up the yellow card for a rash challenge which gifts the hosts a free-kick in a dangerous position.
OFF THE LINE!! Martinez redeems himself and then some after the free-kick is swung in and met by Kilman. Onana comes out to punch but gets nowhere near the ball, and the Wolves captain's header is bouncing into the empty net before Martinez races back to hook it off the goal-line!
Manchester United are unbeaten in their last 139 English Premier League matches when leading at half-time - including 119 wins -  since a 5-3 loss at Leicester back in September 2014.
Bellegarde stumbles after taking a poor first touch in his own defensive third. Dalot's onto it for United, but the Wolves forward handles the ball on the deck to concede a free-kick in a good crossing position for the visitors.
Doherty's been run ragged at times down that left-hand side for Wolves, and comes off now for Rayan Ait-Nouri, who is back at Molineux following Algeria's earlier-than-expected exit from the Africa Cup of Nations.
Garnacho's cross from the short free-kick is met by Casemiro at the far post, but he can't get enough power behind his header and Sa makes an easy save.
SAVED!!! Toti loses out to Garnacho and the Argentine bursts into the box before cutting the ball back for Hojlund, but his close-range shot is saved brilliantly by the outstretched leg of Sa and Dawson thumps it clear!
OFF THE LINE AGAIN!!! Ait-Nouri and Dawson both stay forward from a Wolves free-kick as Neto recycles the half-cleared ball. The substitute Ait-Nouri drives to the byline and pulls it back for Dawson, whose shot from inside the six-yard box is palmed by Onana before Dalot flicks it off the goal-line and away!
WIDE!!! Good play down the right from Wolves sees Neto and Bellegarde combine in the box before the latter lays it off for Cunha, whose curling first-time shot whistles just wide of the far post!
Wolves are unbeaten in their last eight Premier League home games after losing each of their first two this campaign. Only once previously have they enjoyed a longer run (10) without defeat at Molineux, but unless they can turn this recent pressure into goals, that run is set to end in this game.
Sa comes well out of his box to clean up a long ball down the line, but slips under pressure from Hojlund and is almost caught out before Ait-Nouri arrives to knock it clear!
Forward come Wolves again as Neto is put into open space down the right before cutting inside. His central pass is run onto by Doyle, but his first-time shot is always rising and sails well over the crossbar!
Wolves make their second change of the half, as Pablo Sarabia is introduced into the attack and takes the place of Bellegarde.
Wolves manager Gary O’Neil has seen his sides lose all three of their Premier League encounters with Manchester United, without scoring a single goal. As a player, he only lost more games against Chelsea (15) than against Manchester United (10 of 14) in his top-flight career.
Dalot brings down an aerial ball and sizes up a shot from 25 yards, but gets his bearings all wrong and pulls his effort well wide of the target.
PENALTY TO WOLVES!!! Here's the chance for the hosts to get right back into this game!!! Lovely play in their own half opens up room for Lemina to stride into the final third before linking up with Neto. He dribbles into the box and beats Casemiro before being tripped late, and the referee has no hesitation in pointing to the spot!!!
There's a question and protests aplenty from the United players following the referee's awarding of that penalty, but VAR replays show clear contact on Neto rather than the ball and Wolves will get a chance to halve the deficit from 12 yards.
GOOOOAAALLL!!!! Sarabia scores from the spot!!! Onana dives left, but the Spaniard goes straight down the middle, rolling the ball home to cut United's lead in two and make it 2-1. We've got a game on our hands at Molineux!
WIDE!!! Sarabia slips a reverse pass in behind the defence which is latched onto by Neto, but he can't get his tight-angled shot on target as it lashes into the side netting!
Casemiro's been walking a tightrope for some time in this game, and is withdrawn for Scott McTominay after conceding that penalty.
Antony also comes on for the final 20 or so minutes, taking the place of opening goalscorer Rashford for the Red Devils.
SAVED!!! The visitors break at speed and Fernandes shoots first-time from the edge of the box, with the ball taking a deflection before being clawed out of the bottom corner by a full-stretch Sa! Mainoo follows up after Antony recovers possession, but his 25-yard strike is blocked and rolls behind for a corner!!
GOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Two-goal cushion restored for the visitors!! Fernandes swings in the corner, and McTominay makes a late dash to the near post to fire a downward header off the turf and into the top corner!!! A decisive early touch from the substitute, and Wolves' fightback is thwarted as United go 3-1 up!!!
A pinpoint delivery from Fernandes, and an even better header which gives McTominay an instant impact!
That six league goals for McTominay so far this campaign, making the Scot Manchester United's top scorer in the Premier League despite mostly operating as a defensive midfielder!
After the ball goes behind and out of play off Ait-Nouri, Onana takes an age to take the resultant goal-kick and is shown a yellow card for time-wasting by the official!
Onana drifts out of his box to intercept Cunha's low ball across the face of goal, and knocks it forward to Garnacho, who is felled from behind by Ait-Nouri to win the visitors a dangerous-looking free-kick.
Fernandes looks to catch Wolves out from the long-range set-piece, but gets his effort all wrong and sends the ball sailing over the crossbar.
Semedo charges over halfway to get on the end of Cunha's cross-field ball and runs into the United box, but Martinez gets in the way of his shot to make the block and concede a corner!
A later double-change coming for Wolves, with Joao Gomes first on to replace Doyle in the middle of the park.
Youngster Nathan Fraser also comes on for the hosts, replacing Toti in Wolves' back-three.
A half-cleared Wolves corner is swung back into the box by Sarabia and falls for Neto, who lashes a shot goalwards but sees it fly over the top thanks to a timely Martinez block!
GOOOOAAAALLL!!! Wolves aren't out of this fight yet!! Sarabia's delivery sparks a scramble in the box as the initially cleared ball is volleyed back towards goal by Dawson. It comes to Kilman barely five yards out, and the Wolves captain swivels to smash a shot beyond Onana and into the top corner!! 3-2 with five minutes to go, and we're set for a tense, nervy finish here at Molineux!
Dawson showed great athleticism to control that ball and hook it back into the danger area, and his centre-back partner was on hand to get Wolves back into the contest once more!
Another Wolves goal means more United changes, with Hojlund replaced by another youngster in academy product Omari Forson.
Harry Maguire also comes on to see out the game for the visitors, replacing the incredibly tenacious Martinez at centre-half.
WIDE!!! Lemina's knock-down ball is crossed low into the middle by Neto, and the Gabonese midfielder hits a first-time shot narrowly wide before the flag goes up to penalise him for offside!
United break at speed and in numbers, culminating with Garnacho squaring for Antony on the edge of the box. He's about to pull the trigger, but is hacked down from behind by his Brazil team-mate Cunha and the Wolves forward is shown a yellow for the blatant foul.
NINE added minutes to play at Molineux - strap yourselves in for a nail-biting finish!
Jonny Evans is introduced from the bench as the Red Devils look to shore up this result, and he'll replace Garnacho for the final minutes of added time.
SAVED!!! Somehow Sa keeps United at bay!!! The visitors win a corner after Antony's cross is blocked behind, and after it's play short to Shaw, another deflection sees the ball drop to McTominay at point-blank range, only for Sa to deny him with a last-ditch save!
GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!! Absolutely astonishing from Wolves! They counter at a rapid rate from United's latest corner and Cunha plays the ball wide to Neto, who cuts inside Shaw and squeezes a low shot into the bottom-right corner!!! Onana wrong-footed, and in the blink of an eye Wolves go from back to front to equalise at 3-3!
Cunha and Neto have combined superbly throughout this game, and once more the Brazilian gave his team-mate just the right amount of time and space to pick his spot and lock the scores up at 3-3.
GOOOOOOAAAAALLL!! You. Are. Kidding. Forson passes to Mainoo on the left, and the youngster sets off on a spellbinding run past one, two, three Wolves players before calmly rolling a low finish beyond Sa's grasp and into the far corner!!! 4-3 to the Red Devils as pandemonium ensues in the away end, and they might just win this game after all!
Forson's lay-off left Mainoo enough space to shoot from distance, but the 18-year-old had no interest in that and sidled through the defence to slot home what must certainly be the winner!
Garnacho may have been subbed off, but that doesn't mean he escapes a yellow card for his part in United's wild celebrations there!
Sarabia and Cunha can't keep the ball in play to bring what will likely be wolves' last chance to an end, and after Shaw kicks the ball away, he's shown a yellow himself for dissent.
Wolves pack the box as Ait-Nouri swings a late, late cross in from the left, but Onana rises above the crowd to make a clean catch and that should be that for United!
FULL-TIME: WOLVES 3-4 MANCHESTER UNITED.
The full-time whistle goes, and every single pre-game script goes up in flames, as Kobbie Mainoo comes to the rescue for Manchester United to secure a desperately late 4-3 victory over Wolves! The visitors' early missed chances in the second half came back to bite them in the 71st minute, as Sarabia slotted in a penalty to give Wolves some hope in the final quarter of the game. It proved to be much, much more than hope, as despite substitute Scott McTominay restoring United's two-goal lead just moments later, the hosts rallied again to score twice either side of the 90-minute mark. Max Kilman swept in from close range with five left on the clock, and Pedro Neto's breakaway goal five minutes into injury time looked to have completed the unlikeliest of comebacks. The day was far from done though, and Mainoo belied his 18 years to waltz his way through an ailing Wolves defence, curling a beautiful low finish into the corner to win it for the visitors! A dominant first-half and a chaotic second for Manchester United, who eventually collect all three points at the end of a frankly crazy game which reminds us all just how unpredictable the Premier League can be!
nan
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this huge Premier League fixture as Liverpool welcome Chelsea to Anfield!
It's sure to be an emotional occasion as Liverpool play their first Premier League game since Jurgen Klopp announced that he will leave the club at the end of the season. The Reds still have a chance of ending his glittering reign on Merseyside with four major trophies, and they enter this contest two points clear of Arsenal at the summit with a game in hand! A huge trip to the Emirates Stadium to face the Gunners is next up for Liverpool, so a victory here to restore their five-point cushion would be huge!
Chelsea finally seem to have discovered some consistency lately, beating Middlesbrough in the EFL Cup semi-finals – to tee up a final meeting with Liverpool – and winning three Premier League games in a row. Mauricio Pochettino's men would move within nine points of fourth-placed Aston Villa with a victory here – might they still harbour faint hopes of Champions League qualification?
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Alisson Becker; Conor Bradley, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil van Dijk, Joe Gomez; Curtis Jones, Alexis Mac Allister, Dominik Szoboszlai; Luis Diaz, Darwin Nunez, Diogo Jota.
LIVERPOOL SUBS: Cody Gakpo, Harvey Elliott, Andy Robertson, Ryan Gravenberch, Bobby Clark, James McConnell, Caoimhin Kelleher, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Jarell Quansah.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Djordje Petrovic; Axel Disasi, Benoit Badiashile, Thiago Silva, Ben Chilwell; Enzo Fernandez, Moises Caicedo; Noni Madueke, Conor Gallagher, Raheem Sterling; Cole Palmer.
CHELSEA SUBS: Mykhailo Mudryk, Carney Chukwuemeka, Christopher Nkunku, Armando Broja, Malo Gusto, Cesare Casadei, Deivid Washington, Alfie Gilchrist, Lucas Bergstrom.
Klopp makes four changes to the Liverpool side which began Sunday's 5-2 FA Cup win over Norwich City, with Mac Allister fit enough to return to the engine room after missing that game with a slight knock. Szoboszlai returned from injury with a cameo in that match, and he also comes in alongside Van Dijk and Diaz. Quansah, McConnell, Gravenberch and Gakpo drop to the bench.
Chelsea, meanwhile, make just one change to the XI which began their goalless draw with Aston Villa in the FA Cup on Friday. Chilwell is the man brought into the lineup as Gilchrist drops to the bench. Nkunku is among the substitutes after recovering from a hip injury, as is recently recalled midfielder Casadei, but Nicolas Jackson is still unavailable despite Senegal's Africa Cup of Nations exit.
The teams are emerging from the tunnel amid a raucous atmosphere at Anfield! Kick off is fast approaching – what can we expect from these two rivals this time around?
After a predictably rousing rendition of You'll Never Walk Alone, we're under way at Anfield! Szoboszlai gets the ball rolling for Liverpool.
Every game at Anfield between now and the end of the season is likely to be played out amid a party atmosphere as Liverpool bid to give Klopp a triumphant send-off. His team look to get forward down the right straight from kick-off, but Badiashile gets in front of Bradley to clear.
Palmer sprays a pass in behind for Sterling to chase, but the former Liverpool man just can't reach it as Alisson gets off his line quickly to smother the loose ball. Good goalkeeping!
Nobody should be surprised if these teams are difficult to separate, with each of their last seven meetings across all competitions finishing level. It is the longest run of consecutive draws between two top-flight clubs in English football history, and four of the last five have finished goalless (including penalty shootout wins for Liverpool in the 2022 EFL and FA Cup finals). Let's hope for more entertainment this time around!
Nunez looks to have started centrally for Liverpool, with Diaz to his left and Jota on the right. The latter looks for Nunez's run in behind but only finds Badiashile, though his rushed clearance gives it straight back to Liverpool.
Unlucky! Bradley sends an Alexander-Arnold-esque pass over the top, with Nunez darting in behind. Petrovic is caught in no man's land as the Uruguayan attempts to lift a first-time shot over him, but he doesn't get enough power on it and the goalkeeper can retreat to make the save!
PENALTY APPEAL! Sterling is jeered by the home fans as he advances up the left flank before cutting the ball back to Gallagher. A clever first touch takes Gallagher past his man, then he goes down under Van Dijk's challenge near the six-yard box, but Paul Tierney shakes his head! The VAR has a look in the background… but the incident is cleared – no penalty!
GOOD EFFORT! Nunez goes close! Mac Allister plays a neat one-two with Jota before finding Nunez peeling off the back of Badiashile, and the Uruguayan goes early with his shot from 25 yards out. It's a powerful strike, and Petrovic has to get his fingertips to it to divert it over the crossbar!
Liverpool fail to make anything of the game's first corner as the Chelsea backline stands firm. It's been an entertaining first 10 minutes here, featuring two chances for Nunez and a penalty appeal at the other end.
Liverpool are looking dangerous early on! Szoboszlai finds space to sweep a pass out to Diaz,who cuts inside before seeing his shot blocked. Caicedo then fouls the Colombian after the ball comes back to him, and Liverpool get a free-kick out on the left.
Caicedo, a former Liverpool target, is booked for dissent after that foul.
Wide! Szoboszlai delivers from the free-kick, and though Jota gets across his man to make the first contact, he can't guide his header inside the far post. Liverpool are on top, though.
Chilwell's pass inside is intercepted by Nunez, and the striker immediately sets his eyes on Petrovic's goal. This time, however, his 25-yard effort flies well wide of the left-hand post, with the Chelsea goalkeeper untroubled.
Great defending! Bradley sees a right-wing cross cleared and Chelsea break. The Blues look to have an overload as Palmer slips the ball between the legs of a Liverpool defender, but just as he gets his head up to look for a throughball, Gomez gets back to make a vital challenge and start another Liverpool attack.
Liverpool have had four shots so far in this game, with three of them coming from Nunez. He looks determined to step up with star forward Mohamed Salah still sidelined.
Chelsea launch a rare counterattack as Gallagher chests the ball away from Mac Allister before finding Madueke. The winger cuts inside Gomez, but his terrible cross is easily cut out by Van Dijk.
PUSHED ONTO THE POST! Nunez is getting closer! Konate spots Nunez making a run in behind Chelsea's high line and lifts a good pass over the top. The Uruguayan touches it left before shooting low across goal, and Petrovic dives down to push it against the upright and behind! That's the closest we've come to a goal – Nunez looks up for this one!
With seven goals and six assists, Nunez already has more goal involvements in 20 Premier League appearances this season than he managed in 29 last term (nine goals, three assists). He was mightily close to another goal there!
Chelsea simply cannot get out at present. Nunez stands up a cross from the left, and it is only cleared as far as Mac Allister on the edge of the box. He hammers a shot goalwards, but it clatters off a Blue shirt and behind for a corner.
Petrovic gets up to punch the corner away, but Liverpool keep the attack alive and Bradley lifts a second cross back into the area. Diaz makes a run across his man to get a glancing header on it, but it spins wide! It's still all Liverpool.
Liverpool have had seven shots, hitting the target three times and creating 0.49 expected goals (xG) in this game. Chelsea are yet to record an attempt of any kind.
GOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! JOTA MAKES THE BREAKTHROUGH! Liverpool have the goal they deserve as Bradley dispossesses Chilwell before feeding a pass inside to Jota. He has options right and left, but instead, he charges between Silva and Badiashile, taking advantage of a fortunate ricochet to wriggle through on goal before slotting his finish into the bottom-right corner! 1-0 Liverpool!
Bradley gets the assist, turning defence into attack by dashing over halfway before finding Jota. The Portugal international had plenty to do, though, and he did it brilliantly!
The VAR has a look at the goal as Chelsea question whether the ball bounced up onto Jota's hand in the build-up, but if anything, it may have hit a Chelsea hand. The check is over, the goal stands!
Liverpool are unbeaten in their last 86 Premier League games at Anfield when scoring first, winning 77 of those! Chelsea have a real mountain to climb now.
Good defending from Van Dijk, who steps across Madueke to prevent the Chelsea winger from reaching the penalty area before going down and winning a foul. Liverpool's backline has barely been tested so far.
An update from elsewhere: Liverpool's title rivals Manchester City are 3-0 up at home to Burnley, which means they are set to move level with Arsenal on 46 points. However, as things stand, Liverpool will restore their five-point buffer to those sides.
We're past the half-hour mark and we've still seen virtually nothing of Chelsea as an attacking force. Caicedo and Fernandez are involved as the Blues look to calm things down with a spell of patient possession play, but Nunez gets back to recover the ball and get Liverpool moving forward again.
GREAT SAVE! Liverpool are pushing for a second goal, and they almost get one! Jones bends a good effort towards the bottom-right corner from the edge of the box, forcing Petrovic into a strong save down to his left – he had to avoid pushing it straight to Jota. Bradley whips the ball back into the box, but Nunez sends an acrobatic volley spiralling over the top.
Now Fernandez is cautioned for a late lunge on Jones near the edge of the box. He joins his midfield partner Caicedo in the book, and Liverpool have a free-kick in a shooting position, perhaps five yards back from the edge of the D.
Szoboszlai stands over the dead ball with usual taker Alexander-Arnold on the bench… but he crashes his effort straight into the wall. That's poor!
Penalty? No, he's booked for diving! That is embarrassing from Chilwell! The Chelsea left-back drives inside from the wing, beating Konate, who flicks out a foot vaguely in his direction. He makes absolutely no contact whatsoever, yet Chilwell throws himself down and appeals for a spot-kick. The referee rightly books him, and he can have no complaints.
Now Chilwell goes down under Bradley's challenge near the corner flag and appeals for a free-kick. This one probably is a foul, but the referee shakes his head!
Chelsea are starting to enjoy a bit more time on the ball, but they're not threatening Liverpool at all. Sterling looks to cut inside from the left, but Mac Allister stands his ground and easily recovers possession, much to the pleasure of the home fans.
Klopp has won 199 of his 317 Premier League games in charge of Liverpool. Victory here, in his 318th match in the competition, would make him the second-fastest manager to 200 Premier League wins, after Pep Guardiola (269 games). At the moment, his team are cruising.
GOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLL! WHAT A MOMENT FOR BRADLEY! Liverpool have a two-goal lead! Bradley has been absolutely terrific so far, and now he has his first Liverpool goal! Diaz turns and scampers over halfway, with a collision between Jota and Chilwell opening up space on the right. Sterling doesn't track Bradley as Diaz offloads the ball into the right-back's path, and he drills it across Petrovic and into the bottom-left corner! 2-0 to the Reds!
Diaz gets the assist, darting over halfway before releasing his pass at the perfect time to allow Bradley to rush on and finish across goal.
There's a brief VAR check on the goal to ascertain whether Jota fouled Chilwell off the ball, but it's swiftly cleared! What a moment for Conor Bradley!
Now Disasi is booked for a careless foul, which prompts some complaints from Pochettino. Chelsea need half-time here.
Liverpool have not let up since going 2-0 up, with Nunez's clever touch giving Jones space to drive down the left-hand side. He marauds into the half-space before looking for a return pass to Nunez, but it's behind him and runs all the way behind for a goal kick.
Silva slices Jones' cross behind for a Liverpool corner. Van Dijk heads the deep delivery back across goal, and Chelsea only half clear the danger. Liverpool will come again!
PENALTY TO LIVERPOOL! Things are going from bad to worse for Chelsea! Gomez lifts a searching ball over the top of Disasi, who slips as Van Dijk – who has stayed up after the corner – brings it down and crosses towards Jota. The forward's touch takes him across Badiashile, and the Chelsea defender trips him. That's a spot-kick all day long!
We're into four minutes of stoppage time here, and Liverpool have a chance to go 3-0 up from the spot...
Penalty Miss Darwin Gabriel Núñez Ribeiro
OFF THE POST! Nunez can't convert from 12 yards! Wow. Jota has to receive treatment after winning the penalty, and as he's temporarily helped from the pitch, Nunez claims the ball. Petrovic goes the wrong way as Nunez looks for the top-right corner, but his shot bounces off the post and away!
Badiashile must be the most relieved man at Anfield, with Nunez squandering the chance to put Liverpool 3-0 up. The Uruguayan has now hit the woodwork 11 times in all competitions this season!
Chelsea finally record their first shot as Fernandez takes aim from 25 yards out, but his poor effort bounces straight into the gloves of Alisson. This first half has been so one-sided.
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 2-0 CHELSEA.
Paul Tierney blows the half-time whistle, and Chelsea will be mightily relieved to only be 2-0 down. Liverpool have been utterly dominant from the off here, and Nunez had already rattled the post when they took the lead after 23 minutes. Sheer force of will took Jota between challenges from Silva and Badiashile, and he calmly slotted past Petrovic. Young full-back Bradley assisted that goal, and things got even better for him 16 minutes later as he ran onto Diaz's pass before firing across Petrovic and in for his first Liverpool goal. The Reds had a golden opportunity to go three goals clear when Badiashile conceded a penalty on the stroke of half-time, but Nunez smashed his effort against the woodwork to let them off. Klopp will be absolutely delighted with Liverpool's first-half performance, while Pochettino will be seething.
Liverpool have had 15 shots to Chelsea's one so far, hitting the target six times and leading the expected goals (xG) battle by 1.87 to 0.02. The Reds have also had 28 touches in the penalty area to their opponents' three and have managed 39 final-third entries to the Blues' 12. It's been one-way traffic, and something has to change for Chelsea.
Wow. Desperate times call for desperate measures, and Pochettino has made a triple substitution at half-time. Mudryk is on for the ineffective Madueke.
Nkunku makes his return from injury in place of Gallagher. That move will see Palmer drop into a number 10 role.
Chilwell is perhaps the most surprising withdrawal, though he was booked for diving earlier. Gusto replaces him.
Chelsea get the ball rolling for the second half. Is there any way back for the Blues here?
Nunez picks up an early second-half booking for kicking the ball away to prevent a quick Chelsea restart.
Caicedo deflects Jota's pass behind for an early Liverpool corner on the left-hands side. Szoboszlai delivers, but Silva is up to make the headed clearance.
Chelsea build a rare attack as Caicedo lofts an audacious pass over the top for Sterling. He's forced to check back as the Blues get men back behind the ball, then his floated cross is comfortably behind Nkunku. It hasn't been Sterling's day.
Nunez has now hit the woodwork seven times in the Premier League this season, more than twice as many times as any other player. Two of those came in the first half, when he seemed to do everything but score! Will he get on the scoresheet before the game is through?
WHAT A CHANCE! That is Chelsea's best opportunity of the game by some distance! Gusto – who has come on at right-back with Badiashile switching to the left – darts down the wing before firing a low cross towards Mudryk. It comes at the substitute quickly, but he has to do better as he balloons his attempt over the crossbar from eight yards out! Alisson was beaten.
Chelsea have won 18 Premier League games against teams starting the day top of the table, more than any other side in the competition’s history. However, they are winless in their last four such games against Liverpool before this one (one draw, three defeats).
Save! Diaz sees a little reverse pass cut out, but the ball is helped back out to the Colombian by Gomez. He darts inside Disasi before blasting a shot at goal, but it's too close to Petrovic, who holds it well.
Will Chelsea end up regretting that Mudryk miss? Liverpool have started the second half the way they finished the first, on top. However, the Blues have carved out a couple of encouraging moments on the break since the restart, without testing Alisson.
Jota has been so lively in this game, and he cuts the ball onto his right foot before drilling a shot into the shins of a defender and behind for a corner. Szoboszlai's kick is half cleared by Silva, then Liverpool are denied the chance to lift a second cross in as Mac Allister is penalised for handball.
Liverpool are still dominating. Szoboszlai breezes past Fernandez in the right-hand channel before seeing his cross cleared at the second attempt, but Liverpool recover the loose ball and Bradley cuts inside to win a free-kick perhaps 25 yards from goal, slightly to the right of centre.
Szoboszlai goes for goal from the free-kick… but he hits the wall and his effort loops up onto the roof of the net. That will be a corner.
It's another underwhelming set-piece from Szoboszlai, which is cleared by the first defender. Fernandez then cuts out the second cross and sets Sterling off on the break. Nkunku is demanding an early pass, haring through on goal, but Sterling delays and the Frenchman is caught offside!
Save! Szoboszlai steps over the ball before slipping a reverse pass into Nunez, who gets it out of his feet before bending a shot goalwards from the corner of the box. Petrovic gets behind it well, and that's nine attempts for Nunez alone in this match!
Liverpool are unbeaten in their last 22 Premier League games at Anfield since suffering a 2-1 defeat against Leeds United in October 2022. Only Aston Villa (28) have bettered their return of 26 top-flight points won on home soil in 2023-24. Fortress Anfield looks unlikely to be breached here.
Bradley has been excellent on both sides of the ball here. He dashes back after Mudryk before stepping across the Ukrainian and being hauled down, winning a free-kick inside his own box. Great defending!
GOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLL! SZOBOSZLAI KILLS THE CONTEST! It's another assist for Bradley! Liverpool take the sting out of the game with a prolonged spell of possession, then Van Dijk hits a booming crossfield ball to Bradley. He puts his head down and darts down the line, beating Badiashile with ease before lifting a cross onto the edge of the six-yard box, where Szoboszlai plants his header under Petrovic! 3-0 and surely it's game over now!
It's a goal and two assists for Bradley now! He did brilliantly to beat Badiashile and plant his cross right onto the head of Szoboszlai. What a performance!
Pochettino makes his fourth change after seeing Chelsea go 3-0 down. Caicedo was booked early on, so he is protected as Chukwuemeka comes on.
It's safe to say that run of seven successive draws between these teams is about to come to an end! Liverpool have been ruthless, and Chelsea look every bit a team in transition. It could get worse for the Blues yet!
With the points surely secured, Klopp makes four changes in one go! Bradley is the first to go off, and he gets a standing ovation from the home fans as he's replaced by Alexander-Arnold. A man of the match performance from the 20-year-old!
Jota scored Liverpool's opener, and he is also getting a rest. Gakpo comes on in attack.
Szoboszlai's goal is one of his final actions as he is also withdrawn, with Klopp protecting him after his return from injury. Elliot comes on.
Finally, Robertson is brought on for Gomez at left-back.
GOOOOAAALL! CHELSEA GET ONE BACK! Two substitutes combine for Chelsea as they reduce the arrears! Chukwuemeka powers his way to the edge of the box before flicking a pass into Nkunku, who holds off Mac Allister before swivelling to the left and hitting a low shot across Alisson and in off the far post. 3-1. They couldn't, could they?
Chukwuemeka gets the assist at the end of a strong run, offloading to Nkunku inside a crowded box. He did the rest, and that's what Chelsea have been missing during his time on the sidelines.
Chelsea have their tails up now! Another goal for the Blues here would make things very, very interesting!
POSSIBLE PENALTY FOR CHELSEA! Mudryk slips a pass into Nkunku, who holds off Van Dijk with his back to goal before falling under an apparent kick from the defender inside the box. The referee shakes his head, but the VAR will have a look – Van Dijk appeared to catch the substitute!
NO PENALTY! The VAR check is complete, and the on-pitch decision stands, but that is a bizarre one! Replays show Van Dijk clearly kicked through Nkunku's right foot from behind! Chelsea should have had a penalty, and Pochettino is fuming!
NUNEZ HITS THE WOODWORK AGAIN! OH MY WORD! Nunez leaps to meet a left-wing cross, rising above Badiashile to head goalwards, but he crashes his effort off the crossbar! Liverpool keep the attack alive, and Petrovic makes an awkward save with his legs to deny Elliott! It simply won't go in for Nunez!
Konate is booked for a tactical foul on halfway to prevent a Chelsea break. What a game we have on our hands here!
Wide! Liverpool come forward again as Gakpo takes aim from 25 yards out, but he doesn't get enough bend on his effort and it just drifts wide to the right of goal.
GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLL! DIAZ MAKES IT 4-1! Nunez may not have a goal to his name, but he does have an assist! Badiashile is playing the Uruguayan onside as he darts onto Mac Allister's throughball before firing a low cross into the six-yard box. Diaz arrives to steer it past Petrovic, and Liverpool's three-goal cushion is restored!
Nunez has hit the woodwork four times, including from a penalty, and looks destined to end this game without a goal, but he does have an assist! His low cross from the left is perfectly placed for Diaz to convert!
Nunez is the first player on record (since 2003-04) to hit the woodwork four times in a single Premier League match! Hopefully he can take some comfort from that assist for Diaz's goal!
Chelsea briefly threatened a comeback, and they were extremely unfortunate to be denied a penalty shortly after Nkunku made it 3-1, but they look a beaten side now. Liverpool have been electric going forward and have looked like they could score at will.
Klopp makes his fifth and final change as Clark replaces Jones.
Nunez spins outside the box before looking for goal again… but it's a weak effort which rolls straight to Petrovic. The Uruguayan has now attempted 11 of Liverpool's 28 shots in this match – Chelsea have recorded four as a team!
We're going to see a Chelsea debut for former Leicester City loanee Casadei. He replaces Palmer, who has been totally anonymous, for the closing stages.
Mac Allister stays down, holding his knee, following a collision with Casadei near the edge of the Chelsea box. The Argentine needs treatment here.
Mac Allister is back on his feet and looks capable of carrying on, though he has to temporarily leave the field as the game restarts.
Only Bukayo Saka (12) has more assists among Premier League players in all competitions this season than Liverpool's Nunez (11). Can he cap a typically chaotic performance with a goal in the closing minutes?
We're into six minutes of stoppage time here! Liverpool are just keeping the ball patiently now, with no need to force the issue at 4-1 up.
Save! Liverpool are still chasing a fifth goal here, with Nunez bringing down a long ball on his chest before finding Gakpo inside him. The substitute shoots low towards the bottom-left corner, but it's a routine stop for Petrovic.
It's going to be back to the drawing board for Pochettino after this game. He could have become the first Chelsea boss to oversee four straight Premier League wins since Thomas Tuchel in 2022, but instead, his team could drop into the bottom half on Thursday, depending on Wolves' result against Manchester United!
Chelsea win a late corner on the left as they bid to make the scoreline more respectable, but Alisson gets up to punch Mudryk's cross away before Sterling fouls Clark.
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 4-1 CHELSEA.
It's full-time at Anfield, and Liverpool restore their five-point lead at the top of the Premier League with a crushing 4-1 win over Chelsea. The Reds were utterly dominant in the first half with Jota and Bradley finding the net before Nunez missed a penalty, and that didn't change after the restart! Szoboszlai headed in Liverpool's third as Bradley recorded his second assist of a man-of-the-match performance, though Chelsea briefly threatened a fightback when Nkunku came on to reduce the arrears before seeing a decent penalty appeal turned down. However, Liverpool went back on the attack and Nunez – who hit the woodwork a Premier League-record four times throughout the game – teed up a fourth strike from Diaz as the Reds ran out dominant winners. They now go to Arsenal for a titanic top-of-the-table tussle on Sunday, while Chelsea must banish this result ahead of a home game against Wolves, who could be above them by the time that match kicks off! That's all from Anfield, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
nan
Hello everyone and welcome to live text coverage of the Premier League match between Bournemouth and Nottingham Forest at the Vitality Stadium.
Struggling for form, two of the Premier League's bottom eight sides are in need of a morale-boosting victory here. Bournemouth, who are 13th, are without a win in three, while 17th-place Forest are still seeking their first victory of 2024.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Adam Smith, Illia Zabarnyi, Marcos Senesi, Lloyd Kelly; Lewis Cook, Ryan Christie; Antoine Semenyo, Justin Kluivert, Luis Sinisterra; Dominic Solanke.
SUBS: Mark Travers, Andrei Radu, Chris Mepham, Milos Kerkez, Romain Faivre, Alex Scott, Marcus Tavernier, Philip Billing, Dango Ouattara.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-2-3-1): Matz Sels; Neco Williams, Andrew Omobamidele, Murillo, Nuno Tavares; Ryan Yates, Nicolas Dominguez; Anthony Elanga, Morgan Gibbs-White, Callum Hudson-Odoi; Taiwo Awoniyi.
SUBS: Odysseas Vlachodimos, Matt Turner, Moussa Niakhate, Gonzalo Montiel, Harry Toffolo, Felipe, Giovanni Reyna, Danilo, Rodrigo Ribeiro.
Andoni Iraola makes two changes from Bournemouth's 1-1 draw at West Ham in midweek. Sinisterra and Kluivert come into the starting line-up with Scott and Tavernier dropping to the bench, where Ouattara returns following his participation at the Africa Cup of Nations. The game is just too soon for new signing Eres Unal, who arrived on loan from Getafe, while the likes of Max Aarons, Tyler Adams and Ryan Fredericks are still absent due to injury.
As for Forest, Nuno Espirito Santo makes six alterations from the midweek defeat to Arsenal in an attempt to change his side's fortunes. New signing Sels makes his debut in goal, while Gunners loanee Tavares returns after he was ineligible to face his parent club. Yates, Hudson-Odoi, Elanga and Awoniyi are also back in the starting XI, while loan signings Reyna and Ribeiro could make their debuts from the bench, where Niakhate returns from the Africa Cup of Nations. The Reds are without Divock Origi and Chris Wood due to injury, with Ola Aina, Willy Boly, Serge Aurier and Ibrahim Sangare away on international duty.
Forest have never won a Premier League match on a Sunday, losing five of their eight such matches. They have also conceded at least three goals in each of those defeats. Mind, Bournemouth have not fared much better. The Cherries have lost 26 of their 37 Premier League matches on a Sunday, with their 70.3 per cent loss rate the highest among any side to have played at least 10 games on the day.
The teams are making their way out onto the field and we are almost ready to go here.
Rebecca Welch is our referee today. She blows her whistle and Bournemouth get us under way.
Bournemouth threaten early on and Semenyo lays the ball off for Christie, whose drilled 20-yard effort deflects behind for a corner.
The Cherries are unbeaten in their last seven league meetings with Forest, winning five, stretching back to a 2-1 defeat in February 2015.
GOAL!!! 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! What a start by the hosts! They take the lead after just five minutes. Cook's inswinging corner is glanced on by Sinisterra. Kluivert goes in at the far post to make sure, though it is unclear whether or not he touched the ball before it crossed the line. Either way, the Cherries are in front.
Assist Luis Fernando Sinisterra Lucumí
It looks like it is Kluivert's goal. Replays show the ball was on the goal-line when the midfielder applied the finishing touch. That is now five goals in 13 games for him.
Bournemouth lead courtesy of only their 12th home goal of the season. That is fewer than any other side in the Premier League.
Forest look to respond following a swift counter with Williams leading the charge. He finds Gibbs-White, who in turn slips the ball through for Awoniyi. However, the latter slips at the vital moment and his tame effort is easily gathered by Neto.
The Reds have now failed to keep a clean sheet in each of their last 12 Premier League matches. Although, there is still a long way to go here and they have plenty of time to respond.
CHANCE! Forest steal possession in the centre circle and Dominguez finds Awoniyi, who skips past Senesi and advances into the area. The angle is tight and his shot is a poor one that Neto gathers easily.
Bournemouth look to attack at the other end and Semenyo lines up a shot from distance. His ambitious takes a deflection and is not too far wide of the far post.
Taking on Tavares, Semenyo forces Bournemouth's fifth corner of the match already. Christie comes across to take it.
A worry for Bournemouth as Christie goes down not long after taking the corner. He appeared to pick up a knock following a strong challenge from Dominguez a few moments ago, so it may be after-effects from that.
Senesi is very late with his sliding challenge on Hudson-Odoi. The Bournemouth defender can have no complaints as he goes into the book.
CHANCE! Forest seek the equaliser and Gibbs-White sends a long free-kick into the box from the right flank. Murillo helps the ball on and it drops kindly for Yates, whose shot is straight at Neto.
The Reds are in decent form on the road. In fact, they have scored as many goals (six) and earned as many points (four) in their last three Premier League away games as they managed in their first eight this season.
We have hit the half-hour mark at the Vitality Stadium, where Bournemouth are still 1-0 to the good thanks to Kluivert's strike after just five minutes.
Kelly sends a long ball down the line looking for the run of Kluivert, but Omobamidele is quickly across to tidy up the situation.
Frustrated at not being awarded a free-kick after tangling with Yates, Kluivert then makes a silly challenge on Elanga and has his name taken.
Kluivert needs to be careful. Having just received a yellow card, he then bundles Williams over. The referee is not reaching for her pocket, but she will be keeping an eye on the Bournemouth midfielder.
Five minutes of the first half remain. Nether side are carrying too much of an attacking threat as the clock ticks down towards the break.
Forest have lost eight of their last 11 Premier League games, the joint-most in the division since November 12. They have also conceded the most goals in that time with 26.
HUDSON-ODOI!!! 1-1! FOREST ARE LEVEL! The visitors hit back just before the break. After a free-kick is cleared, the ball breaks kindly for Hudson-Odoi, who skips inside before bending a 20-yard shot into the bottom-right corner.
Concern for Bournemouth as Semenyo stays down following that Forest equaliser. He slipped awkwardly as the hosts looked to deal with the free-kick, and they will hope it is nothing too serious.
On his 200th Bournemouth appearance, Cook looks to help the hosts regain the lead by sending a free-kick into the box. However, Sels comes a long way out of goal and makes a good punch to clear Forest lines.
Danger for Forest as a loose square ball by Tavares goes straight to Sinisterra. The winger looks to capitalise, but his touch is too heavy and Sels comes out to collect.
HALF-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 1-1 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
We are all square at the Vitality Stadium, where Bournemouth and Forest are deadlocked at 1-1. The hosts took the lead in the fifth minute when Kluivert helped Sinisterra's header home from close range. Although, the visitors levelled just before half-time when Hudson-Odoi curled a brilliant 20-yard effort into the bottom-right corner.
Forest enjoyed most of the possession during the first half (55.5 per cent) and all five of their shots were on target. The visitors much continue in that vein if they are to potentially complete the turnaround here.
The hosts make a change at the break. Semenyo, who was struggling towards the end of the first half, makes way for Tavernier.
We are off and running again at the Vitality Stadium.
Tavares sees headlines as he lines up an audacious shot from well over 30 yards out. However, sarcastic cheers ring around the stadium as he fires the ball high into the stands.
Bournemouth are awarded a free-kick on the edge of the box after Yates challenges Tavernier from behind. This is a promising position for the hosts.
Kluivert's free-kick goes straight into the wall and deflects behind for a corner. However, Forest are able to deal with the set-piece and can relax for a moment.
Sinisterra tries to set Bournemouth moving as he looks for Solanke. Although, Murillo is alert and able to dispossess the latter.
After Kluivert pushes him to the ground, Omobamidele is unhappy not to see a second yellow card shown to the Bournemouth midfielder. His frustration sees the Forest defender receive one himself.
The hosts make a double-change. The first of these sees Christie make way to be replaced by Scott.
Kluivert is also shrewdly withdrawn by Iraola. Billing comes on in his place.
This contest is finely poised as we approach the final half an hour at the Vitality Stadium. Who will grab the third goal of this game?
Bournemouth have won three of their last five Premier League home games, as many victories as they managed in their previous 16 such contests.
Following a Forest free-kick, a chance almost presents itself for Awoniyi. However, the Bournemouth defence just about manage to scramble the ball away.
Awoniyi has been directly involved in 13 goals in his last 15 Premier League appearances, scoring 11 and assisting two. Can he make a decisive impact today?
After dealing with a Bournemouth free-kick, Forest rapidly counter with Gibbs-White leading the charge. However, they lose impetus as the hosts quickly recover numbers, before intercepting Dominguez's loose pass.
The Cherries threaten at the other end and Scott finds Sinisterra, who takes on his marker and looks to cross. But his attempt to do so ricochets against him and behind for a goal kick.
That was one of Sinisterra's final actions of the game. He goes off to be replaced by Ouattara.
The hardworking Dominguez is given a well-earned breather by Forest, with Danilo on in his place.
Yates catches Ouattara with a rash challenge and has his name taken by the referee.
An inswinging Bournemouth corner comes right into the six-yard box. Although, under pressure from Scott, Sels does well to help the ball away from goal.
The hosts continue to threaten and are awarded a free-kick on the right flank. Tavernier swings the ball in, but his delivery is disappointing and flashes behind for a goal kick.
Forest make two changes. The first comes at right-back with Montiel replacing Williams.
There is a debut for loanee Reyna as he comes on in place of Elanga for the last 12 minutes.
There are 10 minutes remaining at the Vitality Stadium. The match is there for the taking, but who will grab it by the scruff of the neck?
Ouattara, who has been lively since coming on, whips in a dangerous cross from the left wing. With Solanke lurking, Murillo makes an important intervention by heading behind for a corner.
Bournemouth make a change at left-back with Kerkez introduced in favour of Kelly.
RED CARD FOR BILLING! Bournemouth are down to 10 men. With Hudson-Odoi threatening to race away on the counter, Billing looks to stop him in his tracks and stamps down on the back of the Forest winger's Achilles. Although the contact appeared to be accidental, it was dangerous and the referee shows him a straight red card.
Neto races out of goal to question the decision to send Billing off. The Bournemouth skipper is booked for his troubles.
Billing's poor challenge left Hudson-Odoi in a lot of pain. Thankfully, after limping towards the touchline, the Forst winger can eventually return to the action.
Unfortunately, Hudson-Odoi signals to the bench that he is unable to continue. Helped from the field by a member of Forest's medical team, he is replaced by debutant Ribeiro.
SEVEN MINUTES! That is how long has been added on by the referee. Can Forest capitalise on their numerical advantage?
We have reached the midway point in stoppage time at the end of this game. Will we see a dramatic winner, or will the honours be shared?
Gibbs-White finds space and tries his luck from distance. It is an ambitious attempt and a tame one that Neto easily collects.
FULL-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 1-1 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
It finishes honours even at the Vitality Stadium, where Bournemouth and Nottingham Forest played out a 1-1 draw. The hosts, who had an xG of 0.96 compared to 0.56 from their opponents, took the lead after just five minutes when Kluivert helped Sinisterra's header over the line. The visitors equalised just before half-time thanks to Hudson-Odoi's curling 20-yard strike. The Cherries finished with 10 men when substitute Billing was shown a straight red card six minutes from time, but the spoils were shared. Both sides are back in Premier League action next Saturday with Bournemouth away at Fulham and Forest hosting Newcastle United. Before that, the Reds welcome Bristol City to the City Ground on Wednesday for their FA Cup fourth-round replay. Thanks for joining us today. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the enticing Premier League clash between title contenders Arsenal and top-flight leaders Liverpool at Emirates Stadium.
Arsenal suffered from a December slump but have since responded with back-to-back Premier League victories over Crystal Palace and Nottingham Forest. The latter triumph at the City Ground, a 2-1 win on Tuesday, was far less convincing than the 5-0 thrashing of the Eagles. However, Mikel Arteta’s men remain in the race for a top-flight title, trailing Liverpool by five points heading into this seismic clash.
Liverpool swept aside Chelsea with a 4-1 victory on Wednesday at Anfield, maintaining their lead at the Premier League summit despite pressure from Arsenal and Manchester City. The Reds have still lost only once in the league all season, a 2-1 reverse at Tottenham back in September, with this another chance to consolidate their position in the title race and strike a blow to Arteta’s Gunners.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Jorginho; Bukayo Saka, Kai Havertz, Gabriel Martinelli.
SUBSTITUTES: Aaron Ramsdale, Emile Smith Rowe, Eddie Nketiah, Jakub Kiwior, Cedric Soares, Leandro Trossard, Reiss Nelson, Mohamed Elneny, Reuell Walters.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Alisson; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil van Dijk, Joe Gomez; Ryan Gravenberch, Alexis Mac Allister, Curtis Jones; Diogo Jota, Cody Gakpo, Luis Diaz.
SUBSTITUTES: Thiago Alcantara, Darwin Nunez, Adrian, Harvey Elliott, Andy Robertson, Bobby Clark, James McConnell, Caoimhin Kelleher, Jarell Quansah.
The headline team news for Arsenal is that Gabriel Jesus misses out through injury after scoring one and assisting another against Forest. Havertz comes in to lead the line, while Smith Rowe drops to the bench for Jorginho in two Arteta changes to the hosts' lineup.
Klopp makes three changes from the midweek victory over Chelsea. Conor Bradley misses out entirely after the death of his father, as does Dominik Szoboszlai, while injury doubt Nunez is on the bench. Alexander-Arnold, Gravenberch and Gakpo are the trio to come in for Liverpool.
This will be the 200th league meeting between Arsenal and Liverpool, the fifth fixture to have been played as many times in English football history. The Reds have won 79 to the Gunners' 66 so far (D54) – how important could a win for Arteta’s side be here?
Referee Anthony Taylor gets this huge Premier League clash under way!
Gakpo holds up a long Van Dijk pass before Jota, as he did against Chelsea, almost bundles through towards goal. Raya is quick off his line, however, and intervenes before the Liverpool attacker can pounce.
The atmosphere inside the Emirates is matching the occasion so far, a hugely significant clash that will have a significant impact on the title race. As for the moment, both sides continue to sound each other out.
Saka sneaks in behind after Odegaard squeezes past Van Dijk, only for the Arsenal winger to slice a right-footed cross out of play. The Gunners are finding some joy down the right-hand side so far.
Arsenal players are incensed after referee Taylor points for a goal-kick, despite Alexander-Arnold twice seemingly conceding a corner on the far side. The England right-back, perhaps, got away with one there.
Arsenal have opened the scoring in their last three Premier League games against Liverpool, doing so in the opening 10 minutes of the match each time. They last scored first in four straight league meetings with the Reds between August 1967 and November 1970 (a run of six). Can they repeat that feat here?
Diaz and Gomez look to burst down the left flank but the latter is denied by a wonderful sliding tackle by Rice. The Arsenal midfielder covers so much ground, which is exactly why Arteta splashed the cash on the former West Ham man before the start of the season.
HUGE CHANCE! Gomez swings an inviting cross from the left-hand side but Raya claims before throwing for the onrushing Martinelli. The Arsenal winger leaves Konate in his tracks, bursting into the area before his left-footed delivery is headed wide by Saka. The England forward has to score from there but fails to make the required contact.
WIDE! Having seen Arsenal go close at one end, Liverpool respond down the other. Mac Allister slots through for Gakpo, who breaks away from Saliba before dragging a right-footed strike just wide of the left-hand post.
GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLLL! ARSENAL STRIKE FIRST! Lovely football from the Gunners at the back sees Zinchenko touch inside for Odegaard, who plays a first-time pass through for Havertz. The Germany international is one-on-one with Alisson but fires straight at the Liverpool goalkeeper. However, the rebound falls kindly to Saka, who takes a touch down before firing a left-footed effort into the unguarded net. Arteta goes wild on the touchline and his side are 1-0 up!
Arsenal have won seven, drawn one and lost none when scoring the opening goal at home in the Premier League this season. Can Arteta's side continue that run and strike a hammer blow to Liverpool's title hopes here?
Klopp will be frustrated so far, with Liverpool appearing somewhat shocked in the face of relentless Arsenal pressure. The German head coach needs his experienced players, such as Van Dijk, to step up and calm proceedings down as the Emirates crowd continues to bounce in unison.
The Reds enjoy a spell of possession but do little with it. Arsenal are sitting in a well-drilled formation, with two banks of four protecting Raya's goal. For now, it remains 1-0 to the Gunners, who would move within two points of the league-leading Liverpool.
GREAT BLOCK! Alexander-Arnold makes a mess at the back as the Liverpool defender is hurried by Havertz. A loose ball falls for Odegaard, who takes too much time on the edge of the area before Van Dijk blocks his left-footed drive.
Mac Allister loses possession in the middle but his error goes unpunished as Saka's aimless chip is collected by Gravenberch, who then wins a free-kick from Odegaard.
Mac Allister is dispossessed again by Rice before Havertz breaks over the halfway line. Gomez needlessly tugs back on the Arsenal forward, conceding a free-kick before the referee cautions the Liverpool full-back.
Gomez could be in for a long game now, already on a caution and up against the impressive Saka. Odegaard is leading the press for Arsenal, too, and dragging numerous Liverpool defenders all around as Klopp's men fail to figure how to cope at the Emirates so far.
Alexander-Arnold's right-wing cross has Gakpo interested before Gabriel prods back to Raya. Arsenal are on top, make no mistake about it, but the Gunners must be wary of the Liverpool threat down either flank.
Gomez's searching diagonal finds Alexander-Arnold, whose cross is blocked behind by Zinchenko. The Liverpool right-back delivers the right-sided corner towards the penalty spot but Van Dijk loops a poor header well over the target.
White makes the most of Mac Allister's nudge and wins a free-kick near the right-hand touchline. The Arsenal right-back is deemed to take too long over restarting play, though, and is cautioned by referee Taylor.
There's a slight delay as referee Taylor drops something in the middle of the pitch before going over to fourth official Craig Pawson. The pair discuss with one another as Pawson attempts to help Taylor with his equipment, seemingly changing his watch. Bizarre!
Jorginho goes down and needs a moment to catch his breath after a foul from Gravenberch and Jota. The former Chelsea midfielder is fine to continue, though, despite what looked like an uncomfortable collision.
Martinelli has more goal contributions against Liverpool in all competitions than he has against any other opponent for Arsenal (four goals, two assists). The Brazilian netted the opener after just 58 seconds in this exact fixture last season, also assisting Saka’s goal to give the Gunners a 2-1 lead heading into half-time. Alexander-Arnold has struggled to cope with him so far here, too.
SAVE! Odegaard and Rice work a short free-kick routine before the ball falls kindly for Gabriel. The Arsenal centre-back has space on the edge of the area but his low left-footed curled attempt is held by Alisson, who gets down well to his right.
Liverpool have won their last four Premier League away games, scoring 10 goals and conceding just one. It’s just one fewer win than they had in their previous 15 on the road in the league (W5 D7 L3). However, the Reds look out of ideas in north London at the moment.
Gabriel angles a well-weighted pass for Martinelli but the Brazil winger is eased out the way by the industrious Konate. Havertz is then deemed to have fouled Mac Allister near the halfway line, perhaps fortunate to escape a caution for his sliding tackle.
Diaz catches the ankle of White with a late challenge, with the Arsenal right-back making the most of the foul. Referee Taylor is quick to blow his whistle, but no further punishment follows for the Colombia winger.
An entertaining first half is almost coming to an end as fourth official Pawson indicates a minimum of three additional minutes. Klopp's half-time message will be an interesting one at this rate.
Jorginho slides a deft pass into the feet of Martinelli, who fails to pull the trigger inside the Liverpool area. The Arsenal winger just could not sort his feet out to test Alisson.
GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! LIVERPOOL EQUALISE! It is agony for Arsenal on the stroke of half-time as the visitors level to make it 1-1. Gravenberch clips an inviting pass over the top for Diaz, though Saliba gets there first and looks to shield back for Raya. The Liverpool winger manages to poke in front of the defensive pair, with his prod deflecting off Gabriel and slipping over the line. It goes down as a Gabriel own goal and the Premier League leaders are back in this contest!
HALF-TIME: ARSENAL 1-1 LIVERPOOL
Arteta's men appear dejected as the half-time whistle sounds with Arsenal and Liverpool level at 1-1 heading into the break. Saka fired the hosts into the lead after 14 minutes, capitalising on a rebound from Havertz's shot that was saved by Alisson. The Gunners remained in control for the rest of the first half, only for Saliba and Raya to make a mess on the stroke of half-time as Diaz poked against Gabriel, whose own goal dragged the Reds back into this contest.
Amazingly, Liverpool are level in this Premier League clash despite not having a shot on target yet. Arsenal have accumulated 1.94 expected goals (xG) to the Reds' 0.1, yet somehow these two sides cannot be separated at the interval. Arteta needs his side to find a clinical edge in the next period, while Klopp's men must still respond after a woeful first-half performance that was only salvaged by Arsenal's defensive error.
Arteta wastes no time at the break, bringing off Zinchenko for Kiwior. It remains unclear whether that decision was injury-enforced or tactical.
Referee Taylor gets the second half under way in north London!
CLOSE! Diaz almost makes an immediate impact in the next half, driving down the left before his right-footed effort is blocked by White. Liverpool regain possession in the middle before Mac Allister rockets a long-range strike just wide to Raya's right when aiming for the top corner.
It looks like a tactical tweak from Klopp as Jones sits a little deeper alongside Mac Allister. The former sends a long pass down the left flank for Diaz, who has acres of space but his cross fails to find attacking team-mate Jota in the middle.
WIDE! It is one-way traffic to start the second half. Diaz wanders forward before offloading to Jones, who cuts inside from the left of the area before whipping a right-footed attempt wide of Raya's left-hand post. This is so much better from Klopp's visitors.
Odegaard touches a smart first-time pass through for Havertz but the makeshift Arsenal forward is bumped out the way by Konate. The Liverpool centre-back continues to dominate in one-on-one defensive situations.
SO CLOSE! Alexander-Arnold is caught napping at the back as Jorginho passes through for Havertz, who tees up Odegaard. The Norway midfielder dances onto his left foot before his rasping drive is deflected just wide of Alisson's right-hand post by Konate.
Jota has tons of time from Alexander-Arnold's pass but his left-wing cross is comfortably headed away by Saliba. It appears Klopp is readying some changes on the touchline as Odegaard fells Jones in the middle.
Saka hooks a clearance long and Konate scrambles under pressure. The Liverpool centre-back cannot get around Havertz, dragging the Arsenal forward down and going into referee Taylor's book for a cynical foul.
CHANCE! Odegaard hovers over a deep central free-kick before chipping a left-footed cross towards the far post. Gabriel makes the first contact but can only slide a poor header wide to Alisson's left.
Gabriel is the next Arsenal man to be shown a yellow card after pushing an arm into the face of Gakpo, who was spinning to race onto Alexander-Arnold's throughball.
Klopp makes a double change. Alexander-Arnold comes off from right-back, with Robertson coming on. The Scotland international will slot in on the left, with Gomez moving over to the other flank.
Gakpo, after that foul from Gabriel, also makes way for Nunez, who was only deemed fit enough for the bench in this clash.
In fact, it is a triple change! Klopp also sends on Elliott for Gravenberch, whose pass for Diaz created the uncertainty for Liverpool to equalise on the stroke of half-time.
Gomez is soon involved in his new right-back position, winning a corner for his side. Robertson whips the set-piece toward the near post but Havertz intervenes at the near post to head clear.
Saka is down inside the Arsenal area, holding his neck after some apparent discomfort following what appeared to be an arm from team-mate Gabriel. The England winger will be fine to continue, even if slightly confused to be caught by his colleague in defence.
OPENING! Rice bursts forward, powering past Diaz on halfway before offloading to his right. Saka runs at Robertson, cutting inside from the flank before curling a left-footed effort well over Alisson's target, albeit via a deflection.
Rice's inswinging corner heads towards a congested near-post area but the result is a Liverpool goal-kick. Alisson continues to be crowded from any set-piece chance but, for now, remains untested.
ARSENAL WANT A PENALTY! Martinelli receives possession on the left-hand touchline and sends a throughball down the flank for Havertz. The Arsenal makeshift forward gets in front of Mac Allister but is dispossessed by his recovering tackle. The Gunners appeal for a penalty but referee Taylor shakes his head. The VAR then sticks with the on-field call.
Across his five appearances at the Emirates for Liverpool, Jota has averaged a goal or assist every 41 minutes in all competitions before this game (five goals, two assists in 287 minutes). Indeed, since the start of 2020-21 (his first season with the Reds), Mohamed Salah (seven at Old Trafford) is the only Premier League player to have scored more goals at an away ground in all competitions than Jota’s five at Arsenal. He has yet to get involved here, though.
GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! ARSENAL LEAD AGAIN! Van Dijk and Alisson, what are you doing? Gabriel launches a long, somewhat aimless, pass over the Liverpool defence. Van Dijk hovers but does not intervene, with Alisson coming out and missing his clearance entirely. Martinelli, perhaps not believing his luck, accepts an unthinkable gift to roll a right-footed strike into a completely open goal. Arteta’s side are 2-1 up in bizarre circumstances!
Martinelli has more goal contributions against Liverpool in all competitions than he has against any other opponent for Arsenal (five goals, two assists). The Brazil winger will never be granted a simpler finish against the Reds than that one, though.
Mac Allister looks to respond for Liverpool, driving forward before pulling a left-footed strike wide to Raya's left. The Emirates is rocking as Arsenal fans start to dream of a title charge.
Kiwior is cautioned after an earlier foul on Jota, with referee Taylor coming back to punish the Arsenal defender when play pauses.
Arsenal have taken five points from their last three Premier League games against Liverpool (W1 D2), as many as they had in their previous 12 (W1 D2 L9). They’re looking to remain unbeaten in four league games against the Reds for the first time since between December 2014 and January 2016 (W1 D3). That could be on the cards here.
Robertson advances down the inside left-hand channel but Saka is aware, moving to his right before clearing Jones' throughball. Arsenal will continue to sit deep now, defending their lead as the final stages approach.
Arteta opts for fresh legs up top. Martinelli, whose goal proves the difference at the moment, trudges off to be replaced by Trossard.
Elliott lifts a right-wing delivery towards the back post, where Raya claims before the Arsenal goalkeeper rolls out for Rice. His long pass for Trossard is then poor, however, and Liverpool settle for a throw-in.
CLOSE! Kiwior is forced into more defensive action, tackling behind for a corner against Gomez. Robertson wanders over to take the set-piece, swinging a near-post cross that is headed away by Havertz. Mac Allister waits on the edge of the area, hammering a volley just wide to Raya's left. So close for the visitors.
Saka requires medical attention from the Arsenal physios, seemingly struggling from an issue with his right leg. Arteta watches on, perhaps anxiously, as the England international holds his head. Could this be the end of his game?
Saka is unable to continue, limping off with a right-leg injury. The Arsenal winger makes way for Nelson, who goes straight over to the right-hand side against Robertson.
Nelson skips around Konate but is then confused as referee Taylor has pulled play back for a foul throw. That decision does not go down too well with the home crowd, nor Arteta on the touchline.
Liverpool have scored in each of their last 17 Premier League games against Arsenal since a goalless draw in August 2015. Overall, they’re the only side to score 100+ goals against the Gunners in the competition (109). The Reds need a late equaliser here.
Gomez and Kiwior go head-to-head once again as the Arsenal left-back defends behind for a corner. Robertson will come over to take this one...
Robertson's right-sided corner is cleared by the head of Gabriel. Trossard thinks about a counter-attacking break before opting to go backwards. Jorginho then has a similar though but once again prefers the cautious option in possession.
CHANCES! Arsenal remain patient in possession before Odegaard cuts inside from the right-hand flank. The Arsenal midfielder curls towards the unmarked Kiwior, who heads straight at Alisson. Down the other end, Nunez races onto a long pass in behind before hammering a wild right-footed strike well over the target.
Klopp enters last-chance saloon in this game, sending on midfielder Thiago for Gomez. The Spain international returns to action for the first time since April.
Martinelli has scored five goals against Liverpool, his joint-most versus a single side for Arsenal (level with Crystal Palace). In addition, no player has been directly involved in more league goals against the Reds since the start of last term (three goals, two assists). His second-half strike is the difference at the moment.
LIVERPOOL ARE DOWN TO 10! Elliott's cross is headed away by the Arsenal defence before Nelson looks to counter-attack. The substitute winger dances past Konate in the middle, leaving referee Taylor with no choice. The Liverpool centre-back receives his second yellow card and the Reds go a man down!
The home crowd are bewildered after Van Dijk clatters into Havertz in an aerial duel. Referee Taylor points for a Liverpool free-kick, infuriating the Arsenal supporters and Jorginho. The VAR checks the tackle for potential dangerous play by Van Dijk, but the original decision stands.
Nunez is cautioned for his furious reaction after the referee does not give a free-kick when Gabriel pulls him back near the halfway line. Tempers are boiling over in north London!
Frustrated by how long Saliba takes over a deep free-kick, the Arsenal centre-back is shown a yellow card by referee Taylor. It has not been the most disciplined Premier League clash, let's put it that way.
The Arsenal crowd, amid the chaos of Nunez and Saliba cautions, were far from impressed as the fourth official indicates seven additional minutes. However, that will not matter as the Gunners are in once again...
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! 3-1 ARSENAL! Look away, again, Alisson. The Liverpool goalkeeper can only hold his hands up once more, having already made a mistake for Martinelli’s strike earlier in the half. Trossard is played in by Kiwior’s pass, dancing past Elliott and Diaz before driving a left-footed strike towards the near post. Alisson should save the low effort but it goes through his legs as the Brazil international disappoints for a second time at the Emirates.
Kiwior takes the credit for the assist, with his simple pass finding Trossard, who does the rest with a slice of fortune after his finish squirms past Alisson.
Klopp cuts a frustrated figure on the touchline. Having already made a mistake against Martinelli, Alisson fails to make a simple save against Trossard. Arteta's side are going to cut the gap to two points at the Premier League summit.
There could be more post-match punishment for these two sides. It is more ill-discipline as Rice hacks down Diaz in the middle, with the Arsenal midfielder shown a yellow card for his cynical tackle.
Another one! Havertz exchanges a few words with the assistant referee after a throw-in decision in the far corner. Taylor will not stand for the dissent and cautions the makeshift Arsenal forward.
Renewed belief engulfs the Emirates as the full-time whistle approaches. Liverpool are heading towards just their second league loss of the season, with this defeat a cruel blow in their title hopes. This is not what Klopp will have envisaged at all.
FULL-TIME: ARSENAL 3-1 LIVERPOOL
Suddenly, Arsenal throw the Premier League title race wide open after a 3-1 victory over the league-leading Liverpool at Emirates Stadium. Saka opened the scoring after 14 minutes, prodding in a routine rebound after Havertz was denied from close range. A needless Saliba mistake allowed the Reds a way back into the contest on the stroke of half-time, with Diaz sneaking in to prod a low cross off Gabriel for an own goal. Klopp’s tactical tweaks seemed to have the visitors back in the game in the second half, only for Van Dijk and Alisson to comically fail to communicate and tee up the simplest of Martinelli goals. It did not improve for the Liverpool goalkeeper either as Trossard rolled a tame finish through his legs to seal victory in the 92nd minute. Arteta’s men move within two points of Liverpool at the top-flight summit, ahead of the Gunners’ visit to West Ham on Sunday. The Reds must find a response when they host relegation-threatened Burnley on Saturday. That is all for now, until next time. Goodbye for now!
Hello and welcome to this live text commentary of the Premier League match between Brentford and Manchester City!
City's title hopes were boosted on Sunday when Arsenal beat title rivals Liverpool, meaning Pep Guardiola's champions will go top, ahead of the Reds, if they win both of their two games in hand. Both of those are against Brentford, starting here in west London.
The treble winners will be only too aware of the threat Brentford pose. They did the double over City last season and could become the first opponents to deal Guardiola three straight top-flight defeats in his coaching career. City have not lost three in a row to the same team since December 2016 and a fourth consecutive league loss to Liverpool.
Let's get the team news...
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Mark Flekken; Nathan Collins, Ethan Pinnock, Ben Mee; Mads Roerslev, Mathias Jensen, Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt, Sergio Reguilon; Ivan Toney, Neal Maupay.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Thomas Strakosha, Zanka, Kristoffer Ajer, Keane Lewis-Potter, Mikkel Damsgaard, Shandon Baptiste, Yehor Yarmoliuk, Ethan Brierley, Benjamin Fredrick.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-1-4-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Ruben Dias, Nathan Ake, Josko Gvardiol; Rodri; Bernardo Silva, Julian Alvarez, Kevin De Bruyne, Phil Foden; Erling Haaland.
MANCHESTER CITY SUBS: Stefan Ortega, John Stones, Mateo Kovacic, Jack Grealish, Jeremy Doku, Manuel Akanji, Matheus Nunes, Oscar Bobb, Rico Lewis.
Brentford make only one change from the team narrowly beaten by Tottenham as Reguilon comes in for his full debut, having been unable to feature against his parent club.
City's injury woes have eased up considerably, allowing Guardiola to name something approaching his strongest side. Haaland makes his first start in almost two months, looking for a first goal against Brentford, the only Premier League team he has faced without scoring.
KICK-OFF: De Bruyne gets the game under way!
Early nerves for City! Toney leads a Brentford counter and twice plays balls from the right into a dangerous area. Maupay does well to reach the first but is closed down, then Dias is first to the second, only to awkwardly nod behind for a corner in front of Ederson.
It is clear that first attack followed the Brentford game plan. Whenever they get possession, they are looking early for Toney or Maupay in behind. Both men could prove a real nuisance.
De Bruyne is starting to get involved. Played in by Silva, his cross is too close to Flekken, but the midfielder soon gets another opportunity and picks out Haaland, whose shot is blocked.
Alvarez draws the save! Gvardiol cuts inside and fizzes a pass across the edge of the box to the forward, who controls and then looks to curl a shot inside the near corner. It looks destined for the top corner until Flekken gets across to make a viital stop.
City keep the pressure on following their corner, with Dias going down and appealing for a penalty before the ball breaks to Gvardiol, whose shot is deflected wide. A quick check from the VAR clears Collins following his challenge on Dias.
City briefly look to be in trouble! Toney races through and the offside flag stays down until he shoots straight at Ederson. The forward had strayed beyond the last man, although it was tight.
Another Flekken save! Again from Alvarez! Haaland tees up his strike partner, who shapes a fine effort towards the bottom-right corner, requiring Flekken to smartly turn the ball around the post.
Flekken again! This is perhaps the most testing of the three so far for the Brentford goalkeeper, seeing Walker drive in a shot from distance that moves as it approaches the target and needs a strong right hand to save once more.
Brentford are yet to register a shot of any kind, while City have worked Flekken on three occasions. Brentford now look to push the visitors back the other way.
City work a crossing opportunity following a half-cleared corner, with Alvarez's delivery nodded only as far as Gvardiol on the edge of the box. But the defender hacks at a left-footed shot and clears the crossbar by some distance.
GOOAAALLLL!!! MAUPAY! 1-0 BRENTFORD ON THE BREAK! City are completely caught out by a long ball down the centre of the pitch, with the visiting defenders expecting Toney to get a touch and allowing Maupay to instead race in behind. The forward keeps his cool and squeezes a low finish into the bottom-left corner.
The goal comes directly from Flekken's goal-kick. Toney perhaps impedes Ake, but he cannot be offside from a goal-kick, meaning Maupay is also in the clear when his strike partner dummies the ball instead of making contact.
HUGE SAVE! Haaland is denied! Flekken's flurry of early saves was relatively routine, but he has to be at his best to keep Haaland out. A loose Brentford pass lets the superstar striker in, but he cannot emulate Maupay at the other end and is halted by a big right foot from Flekken.
City keep pushing, looking for a swift response, but Alvarez's stooping header is optimistic at best and easily gathered by a grateful Flekken.
Flekken is there again! Walker is fortunate to have the ball break his way on the right, allowing the right-back to cut a cross back. It reaches Gvardiol on the far side, with the City man deciding to take a touch rather than shooting first time. He still has time to hit the target with a powerful effort, but Flekken is a match for it once more.
The shot count now stands at 10-1 in City's favour. However, Flekken has made six saves, while Brentford's only attempt found the net!
Walker feeds Alvarez with a cute pass into the box, but the Argentina international snatches at the shot and finds only the hands of Flekken again.
Maupay lunges in on Rodri, missing the ball and catching his opponent's foot. It is an obvious yellow card for the goalscorer.
Brenford are furious as City really get away with one! Ederson races out to meet a sloppy pass that almost lets Toney in, yet the City goalkeeper very nearly heads straight to a Brentford player. Indeed, Janelt is first to it, so Silva dives in and leaves the Brentford man in a heap. The home crowd want a foul, although it looks to be a good challenge, preventing Janelt from shooting towards an empty goal.
City attack with Janelt still down, eventually seeing Silva closed down and firing over. With the ball out of play, Janelt is belatedly able to receive treatment.
Janelt is able to continue after a brief stoppage.
Jensen's long throw into the box earns a Brentford corner, which the same man take and puts on Toney's head inside the six-yard box. The header is deflected over, with Toney apparently believing he had done enough to worry Ederson.
Reguilon almost catches Ederson out! Brentford's latest corner goes short, and a teasing cross bounces straight through the box and is destined for the far corner until Ederson belatestly reacts to parry.
Gvardiol blasts across the face of goal! The defender continues his run after laying the ball off to De Bruyne, who lifts a delightful pass over the Brentford defence back to his team-mate. It is not clear if Gvardiol is going for goal or looking for a team-mate, but he finds neither.
Ederson is living dangerously! Again he makes a mess of his clearance, this time when he should be able to handle inside his own box, but the return shot cannot reach the vacant goal as Dias blocks from Reguilon.
Flekken deserves that fortune! Foden fires in a low shot that is close to the foalkeeper and should allow him to save comfortably, but the power almost beats him. Flekken spills the ball, which spins just wide.
Flekken saves again! What a half he has had! De Bruyne cuts inside and goes alone, shooting towards the far corner but finding the goalkeeper again standing firm.
There will be a minimum of three minutes of added time, with City still on the front foot as Silva's shot is deflected wide in front of Flekken.
GOOAAALLLL!!! FODEN! 1-1! There is nothing Flekken can do about this one! The goalkeeper is completely wrong-footed when Pinnock's weak header only reaches Foden on the penalty spot, from where he fires low into the net. City have the equaliser their performance deserves.
Big challenge from Collins! City seek a quick second and De Bruyne breaks before firing a cross towards Haaland. The City man looks favourite to get there, but Collins recovers admirably to clear ahead of the half-time whistle.
HALF-TIME: Brentford 1-1 Manchester City
Both teams might wonder how they are not ahead as the sides head in at 1-1 at half-time. Brentford battled to protect the lead given to them by Maupay, with goalkeeper Flekken making a phenomenal nine saves to keep his team ahead. But just as it looked as though they had reached the interval in front, Pinnock's error allowed Foden to level, and City will now look to go on and win this game.
Flekken has been at the centre of everything. He has had the joint-most touches of any Brentford player (28), and it was from his goal-kick that Brentford scored. That was the first goal assisted by a goalkeeper in the Premier League this season.
KICK-OFF: Jensen restarts the action.
It is all City at the start of the second half. Brentford need to regain a foothold after that equaliser.
Just as in the first half, Brentford are looking to play on the counter. There is a brief opportunity when Reguilon twice times a tackle well on the edge of his own box and Maupay is then given the freedom of the left flank. He cannot work the ball into a shooting position, though.
City are getting their own opportunities to break when Brentford attack, but the final pass is just missing, as it is at the other end when Toney's cross is headed away by Ake.
GOOAAALLLL!!! FODEN AT THE DOUBLE! CITY HAVE TURNED IT AROUND! 2-1! This is not a typical Foden goal, a header as he ghosts into the box and nods just beyond the grasp of Flekken, finding the bottom-right corner to put City in control.
The marking is disappointing from Brentford, but it takes a player of the quality of De Bruyne to pick out Foden, his inch-perfect cross creating the opportunity.
Back come Brentford. Reguilon's searching pass looks to find Toney before Ake stretches to divert the ball towards Roerslev. The onrushing Brentford player lashes at the opportunity, failing to worry Ederson.
Flekken hangs on as De Bruyne's shot from outside the box earns a deflection and almost loops over the goalkeeper.
De Bruyne is serenaded by the City fans after an extended period of pressure wins a corner, which the midfielder takes. It does not trouble Brentford this time, though. The home side are just about still in the game.
BIG BLOCK! Dias keeps Brentford out! This is why City cannot afford to grow complacent, with Brentford retaining a threat. Toney peels away to the back post and sees his volley deflected off Ake and straight into the path of Norgaard. He looks certain to score, but Dias lunges to block brilliantly.
Norgaard is there again from a left-wing corner, but his header is across the face of goal without a touch from either a team-mate or an opponent.
Now Gvardiol blocks! A corner reaches Maupay at the back post, and his volley is goalbound until the defender gets his body in the way.
City come forward again, with Rodri running through the Brentford midfielder and finding space to shoot, only to place his finish too close to Flekken from outside the box.
Brentford are such a threat every time they come forward. Toney is the centre of attention, but his presence creates space for team-mates. Another cross evades the forward but runs instead for Roerslev, who gets in a bit of a muddle with Maupay and the chance is gone.
Now Toney gets a chance of his own, picked out for a volley just inside the area, but his first-time effort clears the crossbar.
FODEN HAT-TRICK!!!! THREE FOR CITY, THREE FOR FODEN! 3-1! That should be the game as Foden gets beyond the last defender with a little shimmy and then coolly slots past Flekken. He has ultimately been the difference in this game.
Still no goal for Haaland against Brentford, but he collects an assist with a cute lay-off that lets Foden run onto the ball and finish with ease.
This is not what Brentford might have wanted after going 3-1 down. Doku is on, replacing Silva.
City are keeping the ball with ease, now not even giving Brentford the opportunity to counter. It may be up to the champions to decide whether they want to pursue further goals.
Brentford make a triple-change to try to shake things up, introducing Yarmoliuk for Janelt.
Roerslev is off for Lewis-Potter on the wing.
Brentford also take off Jensen for the creative Damsgaard.
Norgaard meets another Brentford corner from the left but this time his header is straight into the hands of Ederson.
Lewis-Potter gets in behind Gvardiol for the first time, but he does not look up before crossing and drills straight at Ederson with no team-mates close enough in support.
Reguilon has impressed in what looks to be a losing effort, but he is replaced by Ajer.
Ederson comes for a free-kick on the edge of the box but does not get there and instead wipes out Pinnock. No foul is given, and the incident occurs outside the penalty area, so the goalkeeper escapes punishment as a City break is halted at the other end.
There is a pause in play as the referee speaks to both Walker and Maupay separately, with the City captain seemingly upset with something said to him by the Brentford forward. There is no punishment for either man.
Alvarez fires in a snapshot that Flekken has to hold, with Haaland failing to find Doku in the centre moments earlier. City are probing again.
De Bruyne fizzes wide! Doky reaches the byline and crosses to De Bruyne, who meets the ball on the volley but just misses the bottom-right corner.
Haaland will not get his goal as Guardiola introduces Kovacic in his place.
Brentford just cannot keep the ball, while City very much can. The champions are so accomplished at seeing out matches and are doing so again here.
There will be a minimum of five minutes of added time.
Maupay's opener feels a long time ago now as he makes way for Baptiste.
Walker's loose header gives Brentford a corner and one last chance to attack, but they cannot make the most of it and are soon scrambling back to halt the counter.
FULL-TIME: Brentford 1-3 Manchester City
Manchester City climb back up to second and now within two points of leaders Liverpool with a 3-1 win at Brentford. Meetings with the Bees were tough for the champions last season and threatened to test them again when Maupay scored first, but City dominated and deserved this ultimately comfortable victory, secured through Foden's treble. It could and perhaps should have been more, and Liverpool will be feeling the pressure as City still have a game in hand. They face Everton at home next, while Brentford go to Wolves. That is all from this game, though. Thanks for joining us, and until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Brighton and Crystal Palace at the Amex Stadium.
Brighton manager Roberto De Zerbi will be desperate to see his side bounce back after one of their most disappointing performances of the season last time out. The Seagulls were defeated 4-0 by Premier League strugglers Luton Town away from home, but they are back at the Amex Stadium for today’s game. Brighton are unbeaten in their last nine fixtures on their own turf (W4 D5), which is their longest run without defeat since 2017. De Zerbi’s men failed to score in January from a total of 42 shots in the Premier League.
Palace’s most recent result was more positive than today’s opponents, beating Sheffield United 3-2 at Selhurst Park. The Eagles have won two of their last three Premier League matches (L1), as many as in their previous 15 league games combined (D5 L8). Roy Hodgson’s side have struggled so far this season and find themselves just six points above the relegation zone, but a victory today could see them climb to 12th position in the Premier League. Michael Olise has been directly involved in at least one goal in each of his last five Premier League appearances for Crystal Palace (5 goals, 3 assists), so Palace fans will be disappointed to see him starting from the bench.
BRIGHTON (3-4-2-1): Bart Verbruggen; Igor Julio, Lewis Dunk, Jan Paul van Hecke; Tariq Lamptey, Billy Gilmour, Pascal Gross, Jack Hinshelwood; Joao Pedro, Facundo Buonanotte; Evan Ferguson.
BRIGHTON SUBS: Adam Webster, Adam Lallana, Jakub Moder, Danny Welbeck, Carlos Baleba, Jason Steele, Pervis Estupinan, Ansu Fati, Benicio Baker-Boaitey.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-3-3): Dean Henderson; Daniel Munoz, Marc Guehi, Joachim Andersen, Tyrick Mitchell; Will Hughes, Jefferson Lerma, Chris Richards; Jordan Ayew, Jeffrey Schlupp, Jean-Philippe Mateta.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: Sam Johnstone, James Tomkins, Michael Olise, Matheus Franca, Adam Wharton, Odsonne Edouard, Naouirou Ahamada, Jairo Riedewald, Daviz Ozoh.
Unsurprisingly, De Zerbi has made four changes from his side who were heavily beaten away to Luton last time out. In goal, Verbruggen comes in for Steele. At the back, Lamptey is named in the starting XI with Estupinan dropping to the bench. The experienced James Milner fails to make the squad, so Hinshelwood comes into the midfield. In attack, Welbeck is named among the substitutes after starting in their previous fixture, with Ferguson coming in to lead the line.
Meanwhile, Hodgson has made two alterations from Palace’s victory over Sheffield United, with two of the Eagles’ key players dropping out. Eberechi Eze fails to make the squad while Olise drops to the bench. New addition Munoz comes in to make his debut after signing in the January transfer window, with Schlupp also named in the starting XI.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
Hughes gets the game under way for Crystal Palace at the Amex Stadium!
GOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!! 1-0 BRIGHTON!! Lamptey wins a corner after bursting down the left-hand side, using his electric pace. Gross is the man to deliver, whipping it into the box, and Dunk rises above his marker to power a header home, leaving Henderson with no chance! The Seagulls have started brightly and take an early lead at the Amex Stadium!
Gross delivered the corner straight onto the head of Dunk, who powered it beyond Henderson and into the back of the net.
Brighton look like they could be in as Joao Pedro attempts to poke a throughball beyond the Palace defence, but Munoz dives in front of it to intercept. The players are appealing for a handball on Munoz, but the referee is having none of it. De Zerbi certainly isn't happy and the referee has gone over to have a word with him, and the Brighton manager goes into the book.
Lamptey has been deployed at left-back in today's game with Estupinan dropping to the bench, and it's a big opportunity for the Brighton defender. He's started brightly, using his pace down the left to cause problems for Palace, winning the corner which led to the opening goal.
Brighton are keeping the ball well in the early stages of the game, enjoying 74.2 per cent of the possession. Palace are sitting back looking to absorb the pressure and hit them on the counter, but it's all De Zerbi's side at the moment. The early goal was a huge blow to Hodgson's game plan.
Hinshelwood finds Joao Pedro with a superb throughball, but he can't quite divert his cross to a team-mate in the middle. Brighton now have a throw-in, but it comes to nothing. Joao Pedro's movement and fluidity in attack is causing difficulties for Palace, with Guehi and Andersen unsure whether to follow him or sit deep.
Gilmour receives the ball inside his own half but is dispossessed, falling to the ground and appealing for a free-kick. The referee waves play on and Schlupp drives towards the box before unleashing from range, but his effort is tame and Verbruggen gets down well to make the stop.
Brighton look to hit Palace on the break, but Guehi pulls Ferguson to ground, and the referee issues the first yellow card of the game.
Richards is caught in possession and the Seagulls have a chance to attack. Ferguson drops the ball off to Gilmour who drives forward into the opposition half. He spots the run of Hinshelwood in behind the Palace defence, but it's slightly over hit and it goes behind for a goal-kick to Palace.
The Seagulls are remaining patient in possession as they continue to frustrate Palace, who are struggling to keep hold of the ball. When Hodgson's side do win it back, De Zerbi's men are quick to press and regain the ball once again. The Eagles need to show a lot more to get back in this game.
Joao Pedro turns Guehi superbly, leaving him in his shadow. Brighton work the ball well and Joao Pedro whips it into the penalty area, and Buonanotte looks to guide his header into the corner of the net, but it's straight into the arms of Henderson who makes the stop. The Seagulls forward was unmarked in the box, but he couldn't quite find the back of the net.
Guehi is struggling after turning sharply and he's down on the ground for the second time in the game. The medical team are on the pitch and he looks in some discomfort. There is movement on the bench and Guehi might have to be substituted.
Guehi's game is over after picking up an injury in the first half. Wharton comes on to make his debut for Palace.
Dunk spots the run of Hinshelwood with a superb crossfield pass. The Brighton wide player fires a delivery into the box, but it's deflected straight to Mitchell. Hinshelwood dispossesses him and goes down under a challenge inside the penalty area, but the referee isn't interested and tells him to get back to his feet.
GOOOOAAAAAALLL!! 2-0 BRIGHTON!! The ball comes out wide to Lamptey who takes on Munoz and floats a delivery towards the back post. Hinshelwood comes flying in and leaps above Mitchell, guiding his header into the corner beyond Henderson! The Palace goalkeeper was rooted to the spot and Brighton double their lead!
Lamptey showed his pace once again and clipped a superb cross onto the head of Hinshelwood.
GOOOOAAAALL!! IT'S 3-0 TO BRIGHTON! Straight from kick-off, the Seagulls win the ball back and instantly apply the pressure once again. Gross drives towards the box and shows quick feet to create space for himself before poking the ball to Buonanotte, and the Argentine forward bends a strike into the top corner, leaving Henderson with no chance! Palace are falling apart at the Amex!
Gross showed superb composure to create space just outside the penalty area, before unselfishly flicking the ball into the path of Buonanotte.
Hodgson's side haven't reacted well to going behind so early on in the game and Brighton are producing relentlessly in front of goal. The Seagulls are showing no mercy and Palace now have an uphill battle to get back into this one. The travelling supporters certainly aren't happy and are voicing their concerns.
Chance for Palace to get back into the game! Van Hecke is dispossessed by Schlupp in a dangerous position and he carries the ball into the penalty area. He strikes it towards the bottom corner with venom, but Verbruggen has read the situation well and gets down to his left to palm the ball away.
Palace will now have an opportunity from a free-kick with Hughes standing over it. It's delivered into the box and flicked on by Joao Pedro, and it falls to Andersen at the back post. He goes to strike it back into the danger zone, but the assistant referee has his flag up. The Palace defender creeped into an offside position.
It's been a disappointing performance from Palace from a defensive perspective, conceding three goals, but the Eagles need to show more in the final third too. Hodgson's side have touched the ball inside Brighton's box just once since the game got under way.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of six minutes of added time at the end of the first half.
Ayew finds Munoz on the overlap and the Palace defender delivers towards the edge of the penalty area. Lerma unleashes from outside of the box with his left and it's flying towards the top corner, but Van Hecke flings himself in front of it and diverts it behind for a corner. Hughes takes, but Joao Pedro heads away from danger.
Tempers are starting to flare slightly between the two sides with Schlupp and Gilmour involved in a small altercation, but the referee quickly puts a stop to things and settles everything down. Shortly after, Lerma charges into Verbruggen and the Brighton faithful aren't happy, but the goalkeeper keeps hold of the ball well.
HALF-TIME: BRIGHTON 3-0 CRYSTAL PALACE
Brighton go into the break with an emphatic 3-0 lead over Crystal Palace. The Seagulls started superbly with Dunk firing in a header from a corner in the opening few minutes to break the deadlock. De Zerbi's men continued to push with the Eagles struggling to withstand the pressure, and Brighton doubled their lead later in the half as Hinshelwood rose above Mitchell to head into the back of the net. A matter of seconds after play had resumed, Buonanotte curled one past Henderson to score the Seagulls' third after some excellent work from Gross. Palace now have a mountain to climb in the second half if they are to salvage something from this game.
Brighton have managed to find the back of the net three times from an expected goal tally (xG) of just 0.88. The Seagulls have only produced five shots, but De Zerbi's side were clinical in the opening 45 minutes. Hodgson will be demanding so much more from his players after a disappointing first half, and it could be a difficult task to get back into the game. Palace have the likes of Olise, Franca, and Edouard to call upon from the bench and it wouldn't be a surprise to see them make a change shortly after half-time.
Hodgson makes a change at the break, with Olise coming on for Schlupp as Palace look to get back into the game.
Brighton get the second half under way at the Amex Stadium!
Palace are pressing a little higher up the pitch in the second half. The Eagles had a little bit of joy winning the ball back in advanced positions in the first half, and they will be hoping to create some chances in the same way before the game is over. Olise coming off the bench will certainly give them more creativity in attack.
Wharton finds Mitchell on the left-hand side and the Palace left-back looks to deliver into the box, but it deflects off Hinshelwood and goes behind for a corner. Olise takes and whips the ball into the penalty area towards Richards, but it's headed away from danger. It falls to the feet of Hughes who attempts to find Olise out wide, but his wayward pass goes out for a throw-in.
Gross is brought down by Hughes and Brighton now have an opportunity from a free-kick. Seconds before, Joao Pedro is clattered to the floor by Lerma and is in some pain, but he's back on his feet shortly after. Buonanotte plays it short to Gross who looks to test Henderson from range, but his shot is blocked. It falls straight to Gilmour, and his strike is deflected behind for a corner.
It's bad news for Palace as despite only coming on at half-time, Olise has signalled to the bench that he can no longer continue. The French forward heads straight down the tunnel and the Eagles will have to make a substitution. Play resumes with Hodgson's side temporarily down to ten men.
Olise's game is already over after coming off the bench at the break. Franca comes on to replace the Palace star.
Shortly after coming off the bench, Franca goes into the book for a late challenge on Ferguson.
Palace win the ball back and look to break. Wharton finds Ayew with a superb pass and he flicks it straight to Franca, but Brighton win it back shortly after through Igor. The Eagles need to look after possession better when they break into the final third. Palace's passing accuracy in the opposition half stands at 57.8 per cent.
Munoz is the latest Palace player to go into the referee's book.
Franca spots the run of Lerma inside the Brighton box and finds him with a lofted pass. The Palace midfielder delays on the ball and lays it into the path of Ayew on the overlap. He looks to fire a cross into the box, but Dunk is there to intercept and the Seagulls are able to clear the danger.
Van Hecke looks to spot the run of Buonanotte but it's intercepted and Palace clear. Dunk steps out of defence to intercept and Brighton regain possession. Palace have struggled when winning the ball back, gifting it back to the Seagulls too often.
De Zerbi makes an alteration with Welbeck entering the fray to play alongside Joao Pedro up top. Ferguson is the player to make way.
GOOOOAAAALLL!! 3-1! Palace pull one back! Munoz receives the ball in the corner and lays it into the path of Andersen. The centre-back whips it into the box first time towards the centre of the penalty area, and Mateta powers a header towards goal with plenty of pace, and it flies into the top corner! Can the Eagles mount a comeback?
Andersen's first-time delivery dropped perfectly on the head of Mateta, who powered it into the back of the net.
Palace now have the wind in their sails after pulling a goal back. Hughes breaks down the left and swings in a cross, but it evades everyone and Brighton are able to win it back. They push forward at pace with Welbeck and it's worked back into the centre of the pitch where the Seagulls keep hold of possession. The Eagles need to make the most of it when they break into the final third.
Gilmour drives through the Palace midfield unchallenged and exchanges passes with Hinshelwood. Brighton recycle possession and continue to look for an opening. The Seagulls aren't taking as many risks as we saw in the first half and are focusing on keeping the ball rather than searching for a fourth goal.
De Zerbi makes another change as Estupinan comes off the bench. Lamptey is the player to make way after an impressive performance.
Baleba comes on in midfield as Brighton look to shore things up. Buonanotte, who scored the third goal of the game, is replaced.
Hodgson makes another alteration as Ahamada comes on for Hughes in the middle of the park.
Edouard replaces Mateta up front for Palace in what is a straight swap in attack.
Brighton are sitting a little deeper after conceding as they look to hold onto their lead, but they are showing a threat on the counter-attack. The Eagles need to be careful not to concede again, but Hodgson will be desperate to see his side find another in the final few minutes.
GOOOAAAALL!! 4-1 BRIGHTON!! That's surely game over?! Van Hecke spots the run of Joao Pedro in behind the Palace defence, and the Brazilian shrugs off his marker before driving into the middle. He plays a one-two with Welbeck and finds himself one-on-one with Henderson, and the Brighton forward pokes it beyond Henderson and into the back of the net! Some of the Palace supporters are heading for the exits!
Welbeck's superb backheel fell straight into the path of Joao Pedro, who slotted the ball past the Palace goalkeeper.
Brighton make another change in the final moments of the match, with Fati coming on to replace Igor.
Joao Pedro, who scored the fourth goal of the game for Brighton, comes off to a standing ovation from the Amex Stadium. He's replaced by Lallana.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of four minutes added time at the end of the game.
Welbeck goes into the book in the final few minutes of the game for Brighton.
FULL-TIME: BRIGHTON 4-1 CRYSTAL PALACE
Brighton come away with a 4-1 victory over Crystal Palace at the Amex Stadium. It was a nightmare start from the Eagles as Dunk headed home a Gross corner after just a few minutes, and it was always going to be an uphill battle from there. The Seagulls doubled their lead later in the half through Hinshelwood, before Buonanotte struck a third less than 90 seconds later, and Brighton went into the break with a 3-0 lead. De Zerbi’s side controlled the game after half-time, but a superb header from Mateta saw Palace pull one back. However, a late Joao Pedro goal sealed the three points for Brighton in what was an emphatic victory for the South Coast outfit. Up next for Brighton is a trip to Tottenham next Saturday, while Palace will be desperate to bounce back in their next fixture, a London derby against Chelsea. That’s all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Burnley and Fulham at Turf Moor!
Seven points adrift of safety, Burnley were beaten by Manchester City in midweek and occupy 19th place in the Premier League table. On course for an instant return to the Championship, which they won in some style last season, the Clarets have accrued just four points from 33 available at home this term. Nonetheless, Vincent Kompany’s side will now aim to complete a top-flight double over today's opponents for the first time since 1966.
Fulham were forced to settle for a point in Tuesday's goalless draw at home to Everton, which at least ended their losing run in the league. However, the Cottagers have still lost five top-flight away games on the spin, as part of a ten-match winless run on the road. Not only have Fulham failed to score in five of their last six Premier League matches -  including a 2-0 defeat in December's reverse fixture - they haven’t won away to Burnley since 1951, with 28 winless visits since.
BURNLEY (4-4-2): James Trafford; Lorenz Assignon, Hjalmar Ekdal, Dara O'Shea, Vitinho; Aaron Ramsey, Sander Berge, Josh Brownhill, Wilson Odobert; Zeki Amdouni, Lyle Foster.
SUBS: Arijanet Muric, Ameen Al Dakhil, Jacob Bruun Larsen, Josh Cullen, David Datro Fofana, Mike Tresor, Han-Noah Massengo, Johann Gudmundsson, Maxime Esteve.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Tim Ream, Tosin Adarabioyo, Antonee Robinson; Joao Palhinha, Harrison Reed; Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Andreas Pereira, Willian; Rodrigo Muniz.
SUBS: Marek Rodak, Kenny Tete, Sasa Lukic, Fode Ballo-Toure, Armando Broja, Kristian Sekularac, Tom Cairney, Luc de Fougerolles, Joshua King.
In one of two changes to the Burnley team that started against Man City earlier this week, loan signing Assignon makes his Premier League debut, replacing Al Dakhil; Ramsey also comes in for Gudmundsson. Fofana - who set up a consolation goal on his debut - is again consigned to the bench, with Foster leading the line up front. Charlie Taylor, Jordan Beyer and Hannes Delcroix are all absent through injury.
Meanwhile, Marco Silva makes three changes to the Fulham XI that started against Everton in midweek: Ream replaces Diop in defence, Cairney makes way for Reed in midfield, with Rodrigo Muniz deputising for injured striker Raul Jimenez up front. Following a deadline-day arrival from Chelsea, Broja begins his Cottagers career on the bench, while Nigeria duo Alex Iwobi and Calvin Bassey are still away at the Africa Cup of Nations.
The players are all out on the pitch at Turf Moor, and kick-off in this Premier League contest is now just moments away!
The hosts kick off, and we are under way in Burnley!
An opening-week win over Everton remains the last time that Fulham won away from home in the Premier League, while Burnley hold the top flight's worst home record. That makes today's game particularly tough to predict.
Both sides are settling into the match, with no sustained period of possession for either, before Foster bursts down the right and chops inside, setting up a shot from Vitinho that is deflected well wide.
Fulham comfortably clear Burnley's corner, and the midfield contest resumes. These teams seem well-matched on the early evidence.
Though Rodrigo Muniz catches Berge with a high boot, only a free-kick is awarded by the referee, who could have chosen to show an early yellow card to the Fulham striker - he was quite careless there.
Back in the starting XI today, Ream saves his side with a crucial last-ditch interception, just as Odobert seems set to turn home Foster's low cross. That was a rapid attack by the hosts.
Berge covers across well to deny De Cordova-Reid a clear run through on goal, following an incisive low pass by Rodrigo Muniz. It's been a lively opening 10 minutes here, with both teams willing to fly forward on the counter.
Sending a drive skidding along the turf from 20 yards out, Berge only finds the gloves of Leno, who gathers the ball safely in the centre of his goal.
Some delightful wing play by Odobert sees him slip away from two men and then reach the left byline, but Casatagne intervenes and blocks his subsequent cross behind for a corner. It ultimately comes to nothing - still, Burnley are posing a real threat.
JUST WIDE! A teasing cross from the right picks out Castagne at the near post, but the full-back can only guide the ball past the right-hand post with an awkward attempted finish! Just off-target!
FULHAM GO IN FRONT! The Cottagers are 1-0 up at Turf Moor! Joao Palhinha steals in to meet Andreas Pereira's inswinging corner, beating several Burnley defenders to the ball and steering his header into the back of the net! Trafford had no chance: Burnley's home woes continue!
Set-piece specialist Andreas Pereira delivers an inviting corner-kick for Joao Palhinha to turn in at the near post.
Burnley have now conceded 22 first-half goals in 23 Premier League matches - more than any other team in the English top flight this season. How will they respond?
FULHAM STRIKE AGAIN! Rodrigo Muniz pounces this time, putting the visitors 2-0 up! Trafford is stranded, having edged forward off his line, and the Brazilian striker receives Robinson's pass before coolly lofting the ball over Burnley's goalkeeper and into the net! What a start from the Cottagers, who are on course for a first win at Turf Moor for more than 70 years!
Robinson sends Rodrigo Muniz through on goal, recording his fourth assist in the Premier League this season.
Foster brings down Joao Palhinha in midfield, and the home fans' frustrations grow. It's been a horror start to this game for Burnley, who are in desperate need of points.
With a healthy lead in hand, Fulham are focusing on keeping possession now: the away side have had 67 per cent of the ball so far. Burnley don't really seem to have an answer to them at the moment.
Burnley are still being pinned back, with Foster regularly engaged in helping out his defence. Marco Silva must be delighted with Fulham's intensity and movement so far - they've become the dominant force in this game.
After receiving the ball from Rodrigo Muniz - who notched his first Premier League goal of the season earlier in the game - Willian strikes at goal from the edge of the area, but his effort is blocked by a Burnley defender.
Fulham's six January fixtures across the Premier League, FA Cup and EFL Cup saw Marco Silva's men only manage to find the net on three occasions - today, they've already scored two and look likely to add more.
SHARP STOP! After Andreas Pereira is sent clear, with Burnley's bedraggled defence left wide open, he cuts in from the left and drills a shot towards the top-left corner. Trafford is equal to it, though, and palms the ball over his crossbar!
Willian is penalised for a shove on Assignon, so Burnley have a welcome set-piece opportunity out on the right flank. However, after an outswinging cross causes a moment of minor panic in the Fulham area, the visitors manage to clear their lines.
Shortly after Odobert fires a shot high over the crossbar, he wins a free-kick from De Cordova-Reid on the left wing. It comes to nothing, but he's offered a rare ray of light for Burnley today.
CLOSE! Burnley are growing in confidence now! At the end of a long passing sequence inside Fulham's half, Odobert bundles his way through two challenges and fires wide from just inside the box! It zipped only inches past the right-hand post!
Fulham appear to have run out of steam, with Burnley coming back into this encounter as half-time approaches. Can the Clarets reduce their deficit before the break?
A reckless lunge to meet a dropping ball sees Reed catch Odobert with his studs. The referee doesn't hesitate to flash his yellow card for the first time today.
Odobert has remained on the turf after Reed's ugly challenge, with the medics checking him over. The action is paused as a result, so both teams take on drinks and tactical instructions during the break in play.
Apparently fully recovered, Odobert now returns from the touchline, in the first of at least three minutes of first-half stoppage time.
For a clear show of dissent towards the referee, Andreas Pereira is needlessly booked on the brink of half-time.
HALF-TIME: BURNLEY 0-2 FULHAM
Rewarded for a greater share of possession and clinical finishing when their chances arose, Fulham shook off their final-third slumbers to score twice during a first half that Burnley lost control of after a relatively bright start. First, Joao Palhinha flicked in a header from close range, before Rodrigo Muniz lobbed the Cottagers further in front shortly after, as Turf Moor was left in stunned silence. The visitors are therefore on course for their first success at this ground since 1951, while their hosts have it all to do after the interval: on this evidence, the Clarets could be heading back to the Championship a few months from now.
Since April 2023, Fulham are unbeaten in four league matches when leading at half-time, winning on three occasions; meanwhile, Burnley have a record of 13 straight losses when trailing at the break this season. The outcome of today's game seems set in stone, then - but stranger things have happened in the Premier League.
Kompany has reacted to Burnley's first-half showing with a change during the break: new signing Esteve replaces Ekdal.
Fulham kick off, and we are back under way at Turf Moor!
Vitinho's cross from the left byline is only partly cleared away by Robinson, but Ramsey's strike at goal on the follow-up is mishit straight towards Leno, who makes a routine save.
Vitinho fells De Cordova-Reid with a clumsy challenge, gifting Fulham a free-kick. However, Andreas Pereira's clipped delivery is uncharacteristcally wayward, allowing Trafford to comfortably claim the ball by the penalty spot.
Fulham have picked up the pace early in this second half, as they aim to put the game to bed. Burnley are yet to show any signs of staging a comeback.
After a loose ball by Brownhill opens the door for Fulham, Berge hurriedly tracks back to block a Rodrigo Muniz shot from just inside the box. The home side are certainly not helping themselves in this error-strewn display.
Ream guides the ball behind for a Fulham goal-kick, after Amdouni fails to steal the ball high up on the right flank. The latter has had precious little opportunity to make an impact on today's game.
SAVE! Following a short-corner routine, Burnley are again left flat-footed. Willian makes the most of some time and space on the left, drilling a powerful low shot towards the bottom corner - Trafford dives down to tip the ball away!
SUPER STOP! Trafford to the rescue again! This time, the Burnley goalkeeper reaches up to push a thumping header by Tosin towards the top of his goal! The Fulham defender rose highest and met Andreas Pereira's corner, but couldn't quite find the net!
TRAFFORD KEEPS THE SCORE DOWN AGAIN! Rodrigo Muniz angles a low shot towards the bottom corner from just inside the area, and Burnley's busy goalkeeper makes another important save! He dives left to palm the ball away to safety - will Fulham rue spurning these chances?
If anything, Burnley have worsened since the half-time break, and Fulham are full of confidence now. It's as if January never happened for the Cottagers.
Esteve dives in to make a crucial sliding block on Andreas Pereira's low cross, conceding a corner-kick in the process. Without the substitute's intervention, surely Fulham would have extended their two-goal advantage.
Kompany has seen enough and decides to make two further changes: first, Amdouni is replaced by Fofana up front.
Gudmunds­son is also introduced, as Ramsey traipses off the pitch.
After pouncing on a pass near the edge of Fulham's area, Brownhill then slashes his shot at goal high over Leno's crossbar - that lacked a little composure.
Willian's influence is growing, as the Brazilian winger picks out Castagne's run towards the back post with a perfectly judged crossfield pass - the Fulham full-back can only turn it well wide, though.
SAVE! Trafford is keeping Fulham at bay single-handedly! This time, Willian picks up the ball on the left side of the box following a corner, then fires in a shot that the Burnley stopper turns away with a smart save!
BURNLEY ARE BACK IN IT! Out of nowhere, Fofana finds a goal to reduce the Clarets' arrears: it's just 2-1 to Fulham! On the break, Assignon picks out his fellow new boy in the box with a lofted pass, and as Leno is left stranded, the Chelsea loanee calmly guides home a header!
Crossing from the left, Assignon finds Fofana in the box to set up Burnley's first goal of the game.
Marco Silva now responds to his team's slip-up by sending on some fresh legs up front: Rodrigo Muniz makes way for Fulham debutant Broja.
Captain Cairney is also introduced to steady the ship, with De Cordova-Reid the man being replaced.
Ream is left down on the turf after Foster nudges the American defender over in an aerial challenge. After a brief pause, though, the game can resume. Having been in total control and then missed several good chances, Fulham are now keen to run down the clock.
Assignon asserts himself well to edge Willian out of play on the byline, just as the Fulham winger threatens to produce another opportunity for his team.
The latest Andreas Pereira cross almost finds Broja in the box, but Castagne instead meets it first and glances his header well wide of the target. Burnley breathe again - can they now find a late equaliser?
The home side are replicating the pattern of their first half performance, as they grow stronger as the final whistle approaches. Fulham are being forced back now.
Berge is booked for catching Joao Palhinha just outside Fulham's area, with a tackle that is more tired than aggressive.
Fulham opt for a conservative substitution, as they try to hang on to all three points: chief creator Andreas Pereira departs, with Tete sent on to help out the visitors' defence.
Unable to reach a hanging free-kick from the right by Willian, Broja can only watch the ball drift wide for a Burnley free-kick. It was a rare mishit from the winger's set-piece delivery.
Bruun Larsen is now sent on to bolster Burnley's attack, with Vitinho making way.
Odobert shimmies inside from the left flank and beats Tete, but Fofana fails to control his ball into the box. Then, O'Shea overhits a pass, as Burnley's latest attempt to find a leveller comes to nothing.
Burnley's final roll of the dice: debutant Assignon is withdrawn; Massengo comes on for the closing stages.
FOFANA SAVES THE DAY! Burnley draw level at the death! In the first of five added minutes for stoppages, Fofana slides home a low Odobert cross from the left! The substitute beats Ream to the ball and bundles it into the net from close range - what an impact by the Chelsea loanee! He makes it 2-2 at Turf Moor, where Fulham's long wait for a win will surely go on!
Due to excessively celebrating his second goal - Burnley's equaliser - Fofana is shown a yellow card. He won't care!
Burnley survive a Willian corner, and belief grows that they can snatch an improbable point from a game they've been second-best in. There are only seconds remaining now.
FULL-TIME: BURNLEY 2-2 FULHAM
Turning the game on its head, Burnley mount a brave fightback late in the second half and hold Fulham to a 2-2 draw at Turf Moor. The Clarets had been insipid for most of the match, as their visitors dominated both possession and the shot count, but Fulham's failure to finish off several chances came back to bite them in the end. After establishing a deserved two-goal lead at the interval, Trafford kept the Cottagers at bay with several fine saves before Fofana struck twice on the break. Fulham's 72-year wait for a win in Burnley goes on, as the home side rescue a precious point against all the odds. They visit Premier League leaders Liverpool next week, while Marco Silva's men must try to bounce back at home to Bournemouth. That's all from today's live coverage, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Chelsea and Wolves at Stamford Bridge.
Chelsea’s three-match winning streak in the Premier League ended with a 4-1 thumping at the hands of Liverpool at Anfield in their previous outing. Goals from Diogo Jota, Conor Bradley and Dominik Szoboszlai put the Reds 3-0 ahead before Christopher Nkunku scored off the bench in an attempt to start an unlikely comeback. However, Luis Diaz added a late fourth from close range to secure the win for Jurgen Klopp’s men. The Blues had endured a successful January until their match against Liverpool. The hosts kept four clean sheets in five games and progressed to the EFL Cup final with a 6-2 aggregate win over Middlesbrough. Chelsea are unbeaten in their last 10 fixtures at Stafford Bridge, winning seven consecutive matches until their draw with Aston Villa in the FA Cup. They will move above Newcastle United and into ninth position with a win.
Wolves beat Chelsea 2-1 at Molineux and will move above the Blues if they can complete the double over them for the first time since the 1974-75 campaign. Gary O’Neil’s men surged up the table after three successive wins and a draw in their previous four league outings, but their unbeaten run ended with a loss to Manchester United in a seven-goal thriller. They were 3-1 behind heading in the 85th minute, but goals from Max Kilman and Pedro Neto levelled the score late on. However, Kobbie Mainoo struck a 97th-minute winner, dribbling the ball through the legs of Kilman before curling a low effort into the bottom-right corner. Wolves had been seven unbeaten in all competitions before their most recent defeat, with this being their first game on their travels since a 2-0 away win over rivals West Brom in the FA Cup.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Djordje Petrovic; Malo Gusto, Thiago Silva, Axel Disasi, Ben Chilwell; Moises Caicedo, Enzo Fernandez; Christopher Nkunku, Conor Gallagher, Raheem Sterling; Cole Palmer.
CHELSEA SUBS: Benoit Badiashile, Mykhailo Mudryk, Noni Madueke, Marcus Bettinelli, Nicolas Jackson, Carney Chukwuemeka, Cesare Casadei, Alfie Gilchrist, Lucas Bergstrom.
WOLVES (3-4-2-1): Jose Sa; Maximilian Kilman, Craig Dawson, Toti; Nelson Semedo, Mario Lemina, Joao Gomes, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Pablo Sarabia, Matheus Cunha; Pedro Neto.
WOLVES SUBS: Matt Doherty, Santiago Bueno, Hugo Bueno, Tommy Doyle, Dan Bentley, Jean-Ricner Bellegarde, Harvey Griffiths, Tawanda Chirewa, Nathan Fraser.
Chelsea make two changes to the side that lost 4-1 to Liverpool in their previous Premier League match. Nkunku scored off the bench and is rewarded with a start, replacing Madueke in the attack. Badiashile gave away a penalty against the Reds and is dropped to the bench. Gusto comes in at right-back, with Disasi moving into centre-back. Jackson returns to the squad after featuring in the Africa Cup of Nations for Senegal.
Wolves make three alterations to the side that started their 4-3 loss to United. Sarabia netted a penalty off the bench and starts instead of Bellegarde on the right side of the attack. Gomes is picked ahead of Doyle in the midfield, with Ait-Nouri preferred ahead of Doherty on the left.
Chelsea are unbeaten in their last 10 home league games against Wolves (winning six and drawing four), since a 2-1 loss in March 1979. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Wolves get this Premier League clash under way. Neto with the first kick.
Neto will be the player to watch for Wolves as they aim to complete a famous league double over Chelsea. He has been involved in seven goals in his last seven away games for Wolves in all competitions, scoring two and assisting five.
SAVE! Wolves have the first opportunity to score. Neto wins possession down the left and drives into the box before having a low shot towards the near post pushed away by Petrovic.
Chelsea are sloppy in possession again, allowing Neto to win the ball on the edge of the box. He slides it across to Cunha, who sends a curling shot towards the bottom-left corner. However, Petrovic gets down to save it.
Nkunku is looking lively in the opening few minutes. He races onto the end of a loose ball in Wolves' box and flicks it away from Sa, who gets a slight touch on the ball. The Frenchman tries to turn a shot in from a tight angle, but Dawson gets across to block it behind.
Fernandez makes a late tackle on Semedo and gives away a free-kick on the right in a crossing position. Sarabia curls it into the box with his left foot, but Chelsea head it away.
Sterling has the ball on the left next to the touchline and sends a clever pass inside to Nkunku. He looks to flick it over the head of Dawson to move into the box, but the defender blocks the ball. Ambitious shouts of handball from the hosts are ignored by the referee.
WIDE! Palmer gets involved for the first time. He sizes up Ait-Nouri on the right and drives inside to find space for a shot on the edge of the box. He then whips a low effort wide of the post. It deflects on the way through and Chelsea have a corner, but Sa catches the cross with ease.
Wolves had three shots in the first five minutes but have been forced to defend after a fast start. Chelsea are controlling possession but must be careful on the ball as most of the chances they have conceded have come from loose passes.
Semedo has a throw-in on the right and he quickly combines with Sarabia to find space behind Chilwell. However, Sarabia's pass inside is too heavy, allowing Chelsea to regain possession. The away side are targeting their attacks down the right.
Neto rushes down the right and into space before pulling a low cross into the heart of the box. Gusto gets across to clear it away, but he makes a slight mess of it. However, the ball bounces back to Petrovic, who claims it.
Silky from Lemina. Palmer tries to weave his way through Wolves' defence down the right side of the box, but several defenders crowd him out. It comes to Lemina on the byline, with the midfielder put under pressure by Palmer next to his own goal. The former Southampton man then sends a backheel to a team-mate to retain possession under pressure.
GOALLL! PALMER SCORES! 1-0 CHELSEA! The hosts are ahead through a regular source! Fernández has possession on the left and he sends a pass inside to Gallagher, who offloads it to Caicedo. The former Brighton man then slides a pass down the right side of the box to Palmer, who calmly dispatches his low effort into the bottom left-corner.
Caicedo gets the assist for Palmer's goal. He collects possession in the middle of Wolves' half and spots the run of Palmer, who is always aware of space inside the box. The former Manchester City man takes a good touch and finishes with composure.
GOALLL! WOLVES ARE LEVEL! 1-1! Gomes wins possession just inside Chelsea's half and rolls the ball down the left for Cunha. The Brazilian cuts inside just outside the box and looks for a shot with his right foot. The ball takes a deflection off Silva and goes into the net.
Gomes does brilliantly to win possession off Caicedo and works together with Pedro on the halfway line. He then finds Cunha, who sees his deflected effort beat Petrovic.
Palmer has scored his 10th goal in the Premier League this season, scoring for the first time since January 13 2024 against Fulham.
Wolves now have the momentum. The visitors win a free-kick on the right, with Sarabia delivering a left-footed cross into the box. However, Disasi leaps the highest to head it away.
Chelsea have won each of their last four Premier League home games, as many as they had in their previous 22 at Stamford Bridge (drawing nine and losing nine). They last won more consecutively at home between February and July 2020 (six). The hosts will be disappointed that they were not able to build on their lead, with Wolves equalising almost immediately.
CHANCE! Toti pushes Palmer to the floor on the right and concedes a free-kick after some deliberation from the referee. Chilwell looks like he is going to cross it but sends a low pass into Sterling, who blasts a shot well over from inside the box.
Gusto sends a weak pass backwards in Chelsea's half, with Ait-Nouri making the most of the loose ball. He races down the left and looks to get a cross into the box, but Gusto recovers brilliantly to make a sliding block.
Gusto trips Cunha on the outside of the box on the left and gives away a free-kick.
OVER! Sarabia has disappointed with two of his free-kick deliveries so far but finds the head of Cunha with a ball into the box from the left this time. Cunha gets above of his marker and gets good contact on his effort, but he loops it just over the bar.
Fernandez receives the ball inside the box on the right and looks to protect it from Lemina. He goes to the ground after a tangle of legs and a slight nudge, but his claims for a penalty are ignored.
Caicedo has possession just inside Wolves defensive third and slides a pass across to Fernandez on his left. The Argentina international is not put under any pressure and tries his luck from a distance, but his curling effort goes over the bar.
Wolves have only had 37.7 per cent of the possession but always have a threat on the counter through Neto. He is shown a lot of clever touches in Chelsea's half, with the hosts struggling to contain him at times.
Semedo is the first Wolves player to go into the book for time wasting.
Chilwell's outswinging corner from the left is headed away by Dawson, who is not put under any pressure in the middle of the box. Chelsea's only moment of real quality came from Palmer's goal, with the hosts struggling to create any clear opportunities.
Neto is shown a yellow card for a late tackle on Chilwell just outside Chelsea's box. He protests the foul immediately after the whistle is blown and goes into the book.
GOALLL! OWN GOAL FROM DISASI! 2–1 WOLVES! Another huge deflection puts Wolves ahead. Semedo finds Neto down the right with a delightful pass. He slides a pass through to Neto, who surges forward before cutting the ball into the middle towards Ait-Nouri. He arrives in the middle and takes a first-time shot that deflects off Disasi and past Petrovic.
There will be four minutes of additional time.
The Wolves fans are certainly enjoying it in the away end. Chelsea, who looked in control after scoring, have conceded two deflected goals and now find themselves behind. Petrovic was given no chance with either of them.
Chilwell bursts forward from his left-back position and slides a pass down the left to Sterling, who is well offside. A reflection of Chelsea's attacking play in the first half.
HALF-TIME: CHELSEA 1-2 WOLVES
Wolves came from behind to lead Chelsea 2-1 in the first half at Stamford Bridge. The hosts dominated possession in the early stages and took the lead through Palmer, who netted his 10th goal of the season. The Blues combined with a neat passing move before Caicedo played a pass down the right side of the box to Palmer. The former Manchester City man kept his composure in front of goal, slotting his effort into the bottom-left corner. However, the hosts weren't ahead for long. Gomes won possession off Caicedo and rolled a pass over to Cunha on the left. The Brazilian moved inside before seeing his shot deflect off Silva to beat Petrovic. Sterling then lashed a strike well off target from a tight angle before O'Neil's men took the lead. Pedro surged down the right and sent a cutback into Ait-Nouri, whose shot from close range went in off Disasi for an own goal.
Wolves had seven shots in the first half and hit the target three times but their xG (expected goals) of 0.35 suggests they are fortunate to have scored twice. Two huge defections beat Petrovic, who was given no chance on either occasion. The visitors have had just 39.1 per cent of the possession, but have almost completely nullified a Chelsea attack that lacks ideas. Palmer has looked to make things happen on the ball and scored Chelsea's goal, but he needs more support. Nkunku has had just 12 touches, with Sterling lacking much of an end product on the left.
Chelsea get the ball rolling again through Nkunku.
CHANCE! Woves start the half quickly. Neto collects possession inside Chelsea's half and surges into the box, using his strength to hold off Gusto. He pushes away the defender and gets a shot away from a tight angle that is pushed away by Petrovic.
WIDE! What an opportunity for Sterling. Palmer has possession on the left and he lofts a pass down the left side of the box to Chilwell, who drops a first-time pass back to Sterling. He is in space, but the winger drives his low effort past the bottom-right corner.
Wolves are unbeaten in their last four Premier League matches when leading at half-time (winning four) dating back to September 16 2023 against Liverpool (losing 3-1). They started the half quickly through Neto, but Sterling's missed chance has given the home fans something to cheer for.
Chelsea win a corner on the left after the ball is taken off Disasi's head by Kilman. Chilwell's outswinging cross is met by Silva, who towers over his marker but lifts his header well over the bar.
Palmer collects the ball on the left and sends a cross over to Chilwell, who lifts a cross into the middle. There is a lot of height on it and Nkunku tries to win it, but Wolves clear it away. It drops to Palmer, but he cannot get a shot away on his left foot and is crowded out.
CLOSE! Sarabia has a free-kick in a shooting position just to the left on the edge of the box. He whips his left-footed effort over the wall and crashes the side of the net.
Sarabia is pulled to the floor by Caicedo and wins a free-kick in almost the same position as moments before.
 Lemina and Neto are over a free-kick just outside the box, with the latter crashing the wall with his strike.
Chelsea come forward on the counter down the right, but Gusto cannot escape the speedy Ait-Nouri and wins a corner. Chilwell angles his inswinging cross towards the near post, with Disasi's header deflecting just wide.
Palmer is put under pressure by a crowd of players just inside Wolves' half but flicks a pass over to Fernández, who finds Gallagher surging forward. The midfielder then slides a pass down the right side of the box to Palmer, but he takes too long trying to work it onto his left foot and his shot is blocked. It comes back to him on the byline, but his cutback deflects into Sa's gloves.
Pochettino has seen enough and has decided to make an attacking change. Jackson is back from the Africa Cup of Nations and replaces Caicedo.
GOALLLL! CUNHA SCORES AGAIN! 3-1! The visitors double their lead and are now in control. Fernández tries to intercept a pass on the right but inadvertently sends it down the wing to Neto, who darts forward and gets to the byline. He cuts it across to Cunha, with the forward rushing into the box to get to the ball before Gallagher to blast in his effort from close range.
Neto has been excellent on the right and gets his first official assist after creating the second goal. He makes the most of a loose ball down the right and uses his speed to get to the byline. He puts a cross into a dangerous area and Cunha is there to score.
OVER! Wolves go close to scoring again. Cunha has netted a brace but uses his invention to chip a pass from the edge of the box on the left across to Sarabia. The Spaniard is free, but he shoots over from close range.
CHANCE! Jackson almost makes an impact off the bench. Gusto hasn't had much of a chance to display his attacking quality but finds Jackson with a curling cross into the box from the right. The striker meets the ball but heads his effort wide of the left post from close range.
Chelsea have conceded four or more goals in three different Premier League games this season, going down 4-1 against Liverpool last time out. They last conceded at least four goals in more separate league games in the 1990-91 campaign (four). Wolves have already scored three and will only get more opportunities as Chelsea commit more men forward to try and get back into it. Frustrations are starting to show for the hosts.
Wolves fans are certainly confident. They are cheering every pass, with the visitors playing it around with pace. Gallagher is not happy and goes through Cunha.
Nkunku hasn't been able to make an impact in Chelsea's attack after scoring off the bench against Liverpool and is now coming off for Chukwuemeka.
Sterling had a huge opportunity to level the score earlier in the second half but drilled his low shot wide. He is replaced in the attack by the speedy Mudryk.
Neto is given a huge round of applause from the away fans as he makes his way off the pitch. He created Wolves second goal and assisted the third. He is replaced by Bellegarde.
Wolves also make a straight swap in the midfield, with Doyle coming on for Sarabia.
Wolves beat Brentford 4-1 in their last Premier League game in London, ending a 14-game winless run in the capital (drawing three and losing 11). They last won consecutive away league games against London sides in January/February 2022, the first one of which was at Brentford.
Poor from Gallagher. He has the chance to put the ball into the box from a free-kick on the left but lifts it over everyone and away from danger. Lemina gets there before Mudryk and heads it out for a throw-in.
Cunha races down the left and doesn't have a lot of support around him. He holds onto it well and looks to find the run of Bellegarde with a pass with the outside of his right foot, but it is just too far ahead of the substitute inside the box.
There are audible frustrations around Stamford Bridge. Jackson has possession on the left corner of the box and tries to roll a pass back into the middle on the edge, but there is nobody there. Chelsea win it back and Chilwell gets down the left, but he sends a cross straight at Sa.
Chilwell slides through Doyle and goes into the book. The left-back has struggled in the last two Premier League matches.
PENALTY WOLVES! Cunha rushes down the left side of the box and gets past Gusto, who slides him down and gives away a penalty. Chance to score a hat-trick for the Brazilian.
Chilwell is also coming off. He is replaced by Badiashile. Pochettino is trying to delay the penalty to try and distract Cunha.
Gusto is taken off immediately after conceding a penalty and is replaced by academy graduate Gilchrist.
GOALLL! HAT-TRICK FOR CUNHA! 4-1 WOLVES! That should confirm the win for Wolves, who have been excellent against a poor Chelsea side. Cunha keeps his composure and rolls the spot-kick down the right side of the goal, sending Petrovic the other way. The Blues haven't created anything noteworthy since Sterling's opportunity at the start of the half and Wolves have taken full advantage. There will be plenty of questions for Pochettino after this display.
Fernandez has possession on the left inside Wolves' half and looks to find the run of Gilchrist, who surges into the box. However, he puts too much on it and the ball bounces out for a goal-kick. Home fans are starting to leave after a lacklustre display from their side.
GOALLL! CHELSEA GET ONE BACK! Could this start an unlikely comeback for the Blues? Mudryk's inswinging corner from the left is inviting, with Silva flicking his header across the goal and into the net. Wolves lead 4-2.
Mudryk wins the corner on the left and decides to take it. His inswinging cross asks questions in the middle of the box, with Silva getting the slightest of touches to put it into the far corner.
Wolves make a late change straight after the goal. Ait-Nouri is replaced by Hugo Bueno.
Another change for Wolves. Doherty comes on for Gomes for the final few minutes,
There will be 10 minutes of additional time. Still time for a Chelsea comeback.
CHANCE! Chelsea should have their third goal and a way back into it. Kilman and Jackson race towards a loose ball in the middle of the box, with the defender sliding it away from the forward. Gallagher races in to score, but his low goal-bound effort is blocked.
Disasi looks to curl a cross into the box from the right, but his cross is headed away by Dawson. There was only one player in the area, so there wasn't much of a chance that he would find a team-mate.
Bellegarde looks to add to Chelsea's misery as he races down the right with possession. The Frenchman cuts inside and finds space for a shot with his right foot, but his curling effort is saved by Petrovic.
There was a brief spell when Chelsea looked like they could score a third in additional time to make things interesting heading into the final stages, but all of their momentum has ended. Gilchrist shows some intent to try and make things happen for his boyhood club, but he gives away a free-kick in Wolves' defensive third.
OVER! That could be Chelsea's final chance. A corner from the left drops to Gallagher on the edge of the box, but his right-footed effort goes well off target. The Blues had looked strong at Stamford Bridge in their recent outings, but have struggled against a Wolves side that have countered clinically.
Chukwuemeka has the ball just outside the box and whips a low, right-footed effort down the middle of the goal. Sa cannot catch it and it goes up in the air, but Dawson reacts quickly to head it behind.
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 2-4 WOLVES
Cunha scored a hat-trick as Wolves came from behind to beat Chelsea 4-2 at Stamford Bridge. Palmer scored the opener with a composed finish into the bottom-left corner, but Wolves went into half-time with the lead despite only creating an xG of 0.35. Cunha netted the leveller after his right-footed effort from the edge defected off Silva and past Petrovic. The Blues were then unlucky for the second time just before half-time. Neto's cutback found Ait-Nouri, who saw his shot from close range hit Disasi on its way in for an own goal. Sterling dragged a shot wide just after the restart before Cunha scored his hat-trick, becoming just the fourth opposition player to do so at Stamford Bridge. He thumped in Neto's pass from the right before adding his third from the penalty spot. Fouled by Gusto, he kept his composure and rolled his spot-kick down the right of the goal. Silva then headed in a consolation for the hosts. Chelsea, after another humbling loss that will surely pile more pressure on Mauricio Pochettino, will now switch their focus to their away FA Cup replay against Aston Villa. As for Wolves, they host a Brentford side in the Premier League that they have already beaten twice this campaign. That’s all, goodbye.
Hello and welcome everyone to live text coverage of the Premier League match between Everton and Tottenham at Goodison Park.
We are set for a showdown between two teams at opposite ends of the table. Everton, who are 18th, will move out of the relegation zone with a draw today. Meanwhile, fourth-place Tottenham are looking to consolidate their position among the Champions League places.
EVERTON (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Ben Godfrey, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite, Vitalii Mykolenko; Ashley Young, Idrissa Gueye, James Garner, Dwight McNeil; Jack Harrison; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
SUBS: Joao Virginia, Michael Keane, Nathan Patterson, Seamus Coleman, Mackenzie Hunt, Jenson Metcalfe, Lewis Dobbin, Beto, Youssef Chermiti.
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Destiny Udogie; Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Rodrigo Bentancur; Brennan Johnson, James Maddison, Timo Werner; Richarlison.
SUBS: Fraser Forster, Emerson Royal, Ben Davies, Radu Dragusin, Dejan Kulusevski, Oliver Skipp, Pape Sarr, Bryan Gil, Dane Scarlett.
Sean Dyche makes a single change from Everton's 0-0 draw with Fulham in midweek. Back from the Africa Cup of Nations, Gueye replaces injured ex-Tottenham midfielder Danjuma, while Coleman returns from a hamstring injury on the bench. Abdoulaye Doucoure, Amadou Onana, Andre Gomes and Dele Alli are among the Toffees absentees.
Meanwhile, Ange Postecoglou makes two changes from Tottenham's victory over Brentford last time out. Johnson and Hojbjerg, who appeared as half-time substitutes in that game, come into the starting line-up with Kulusevski and Skipp dropping to the bench. Pape Sarr returns from the Africa Cup of Nations on the bench, but Heung-Min Son and Yves Bissouma are still away on international duty. Manor Solomon, Ryan Sessegnon, Giovani Lo Celso and Alejo Veliz are absent through injury.
Tottenham are unbeaten in each of their last 10 Premier League visits to Goodison Park, where a 2-1 defeat in December 2012 represents their most recent reverse.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch and we are almost ready to go at Goodison Park.
Michael Oliver is our referee today. He blows his whistle and Everton get us under way.
Maddison whips the ball towards Richarlison in the box, but Keane gets his head there first to divert it away from his former team-mate.
RICHARLISON!!! 1-0 TOTTENHAM! The former Everton forward comes back to haunt his old club! Following a neat build-up down the left, Udogie is released into space and shows great awareness to pull the ball back for Richarlison, who sweeps a wonderful first-time volley into the roof of the net.
Udogie got away down the left flank and picked out Richarlison, who broke the deadlock.
Everton look to respond immediately and Young's deep cross finds Calvert-Lewin, but the striker is unable to keep his header down.
Richarlison deserves credit for deliberately not celebrating against his old club. In breaking the deadlock, he becomes the first ex-Everton player to score home and away against them in the same Premier League season.
CLOSE! Everton are sloppy in possession and Tottenham look to punish them. Richarlison feeds Maddison, who advances towards the edge of the penalty area, before his eventual shot deflects narrowly wide via Tarkowski.
Tottenham threaten to double their lead from a corner. It is only cleared as far as Hojbjerg, but he cannot get over his first-time volley, which is never going to trouble Pickford.
Tarkowski invites unwanted pressure on Everton with a loose backpass chased by Richarlison. Thankfully for the defender, Pickford is alert and quickly races out of goal to tidy up the situation.
The Toffees have the opportunity to threaten as they are awarded a free-kick after McNeil's strong run is halted by Hojbjerg, albeit unfairly.
Everton look to turn up the pressure after forcing a corner. The inswinging delivery is right into the heart of the six-yard box, but Vicario does well to punch clear under pressure.
GET OUT OF THE WAY! A patient build-up from Everton culminates in McNeil volleying Mykolenko's cross towards goal, only for the unfortunately placed Harrison to unwittingly block it. Thankfully for him, the offside flag is subsequently raised, so any goal would not have counted anyway.
Following three successive 0-0 draws, Everton are aiming to avoid going four consecutive Premier League matches without scoring for the first time in two years. Although it came to nothing, that opportunity will have encouraged them.
The hosts push again and Gueye releases Calvert-Lewin, though Van de Ven does well to track his run before making a well-timed sliding challenge. However, the offside flag goes up against the Everton striker.
Everton continue to look for the equaliser. McNeil's deep corner is met by Calvert-Lewin at the far post, but there is no easy route to goal through the crowded six-yard box, and he heads wide.
A nervy moment from Pickford. Receiving the ball outside the area, he hesitates under pressure from Maddison, but just about recovers to clear his lines.
Pickford recorded his 70th Premier League clean sheet in midweek, becoming the ninth English goalkeeper to achieve the feat. Only Ederson, David de Gea, Hugo Lloris and Alisson have registered more since his debut in January 2016, although the England stopper has faced over 200 more shots on target in that time.
HARRISON!!! 1-1! EVERTON ARE LEVEL! The hosts make their pressure tell after another deep McNeil corner causes problems for Spurs. Vicario cannot punch clear and Tarkowski heads the ball back across the six-yard box. Calvert-Lewin and Harrison both go for it, but the latter gets the final touch to send it into an empty net.
Tarkowski reacted quickly to head the ball back into the danger area for Harrison to apply the finishing touch.
We are all square at Goodison Park, where the sigh of relief among the home fans was evident as their side dragged themselves level. There was a nervous wait while VAR checked there were no infringements against Vicario, or that Harrison had touched the ball from an offside position. Thankfully for the hosts, the goal was eventually given.
There is a break in play with Gueye staying down and in need of attention. Recently back from the Africa Cup of Nations, Everton will hope this is nothing too serious. It does not look like it, though.
After making his way to the touchline, Gueye is given the green light to continue and returns to the action looking to help Everton end their five-game winless streak in the Premier League.
Tottenham are the side whose away games have featured the most Premier League goals since the start of last season. We are currently on 115 and counting.
RICHARLISON!!! 2-1 TOTTENHAM! The former Everton man strikes again, and it is another beauty! The ball will not quite break for Spurs in the box, but it eventually comes to Maddison, who lays it off for Richarlison. The Brazilian has space to take aim and brilliantly bend the ball into the far corner from 20 yards out.
Maddison laid the ball back for Richarlison, who doubled his tally and restored Spurs' lead.
Once again, there were no celebrations from Richarlison, who has scored in four successive Premier League games for the first time since March 2021. His mixed feelings at finding the net against his former club once more were evident.
Everton look to respond before the break and Harrison seeks out Calvert-Lewin in the box. However, the recovering Porro does well to shield the ball away from the Toffees striker and into Vicario's arms.
Good recovery! Romero's loose pass goes straight to Gueye, who drives towards the Tottenham box before taking aim. Thankfully for the visitors, Hojbjerg manages to get a toe to the ball to deflect the shot wide for a corner.
GREAT SAVE! Wonderful reflexes from Vicario! Everton look to equalise as we enter the first of five additional minutes at the end of the first half. Garner's deep corner is met by Godfrey inside the six-yard box, but Vicario does brilliantly to keep out the header.
The hosts continue to press for the leveller from another corner. Once again, Tottenham are under pressure, but can eventually relax when Maddison is fouled in the area.
A fine strike from Mykolenko just inside the box stings Vicario's palms. It was a wonderful hit by the full-back, but it would not have counted as the referee had blown the whistle for Calvert-Lewin's foul on Johnson.
HALF-TIME: EVERTON 1-2 TOTTENHAM
It has been a pulsating first half at Goodison Park, where a former Everton man has come back to haunt his old side. Richarlison opened the scoring after just four minutes with a well-taken volley. Harrison levelled on the half-hour mark when he forced the ball home from close range, but Richarlison restored Spurs' lead four minutes before the break with a wonderful curling 20-yard strike. On both occasions, the Brazil forward refused to celebrate against his former employers, who must look to respond after the break.
Everton have registered double the amount of shots on goal (eight) compared to Tottenham. Although, the difference is that three of Spurs' four attempts were on target, as opposed to just two from eight for the hosts. That is something they must address in the second half to stand any chance of fighting back.
The referee blows his whistle and we are off and running again at Goodison Park.
Everton make a purposeful start to the second half and force an early corner. Although, Tottenham are alert and deal with the danger.
GOOD SAVE! Porro finds himself in an advanced position and lets fly with a powerful strike from outside the penalty area. It is on target, but Pickford gets across well to palm it away.
Brilliant defending! Godfrey suddenly turns defence into attack with his long ball releasing Harrison in behind. However, Van de Ven makes up ground before a perfectly timed sliding challenge denies the Everton man.
Maddison is pulling Tottenham's strings as his throughball releases Werner, who is blocked by Pickford. Although, the offside flag is subsequently raised against the former Chelsea forward.
A concern for Spurs as Richarlison stays down following a strong challenge near the Everton area. The forward is in need of attention, but eventually returns to his feet.
Great defending! Johnson shows great vision as he sweeps the ball across the penalty area towards the onrushing Werner. However, Godfrey gets back well to make a well-timed sliding challenge and deny the forward a shot on goal.
GREAT STRIKE! Godfrey heads Porro's cross straight to Maddison on the edge of the box. The Tottenham attacking midfielder unleashes a fierce left-footed volley that is flashing towards the bottom-right corner, but Pickford gets across well to beat it away.
Godfrey vents his frustration towards the officials after he is penalised for a foul. Although, the Everton defender does so too aggressively for the liking of the referee, who books him.
There appears to be activity on the Tottenham bench with Postecoglou looking to freshen his side up heading towards the final 25 minutes.
Here come those changes. One of them sees Johnson make way to be replaced by Kulusevski.
Sarr also comes on following his return from the Africa Cup of Nations. Bentancur is the player to make way.
Suddenly, Tottenham can counter with Maddison leading the charge towards the penalty area. However, he runs out of steam and Everton can recover the ball.
Spurs remain 2-1 to the good as we enter the final quarter of this contest. Can they hold out for all three points, or will Everton respond?
GOOD SAVE! Pickford denies Richarlison a hat-trick! The Everton goalkeeper comes to his side's rescue, producing a strong reflex save to keep out his former team-mate's powerful strike from inside the area.
Tarkowski catches Richarlison on the back of the head as the pair contest an aerial ball. The Tottenham forward goes down and the medical team are on to check him over.
Thankfully for Spurs, Richarlison is fine to continue. Meanwhile, Godfrey is just receiving attention from Everton's staff. The hosts do have Coleman on the bench if needed.
Godfrey cannot continue and Coleman comes on in his place for the final quarter of an hour.
Tottenham are looking to manage the game and preserve their lead as they knock the ball around and neatly maintain possession, without threatening the Everton defence.
The visitors attack down the left flank with Werner taking on Coleman. However, he gets his cross all wrong and sends the ball behind for a goal kick.
Dyche makes another change as Young makes way to be replaced by Chermiti.
Tottenham have won more Premier League games (30) and scored more Premier League goals (102) against Everton than they have any other side. Spurs are closing in on extending that impressive run here.
Everton make two more changes. The first of these sees Beto introduced in favour of Calvert-Lewin.
Dobbin also comes on for the last five minutes with McNeil making way.
There is also activity on the Tottenham bench. A conservative change sees Skipp replace Werner.
Maddison is also given a breather by Postecoglou with Gil coming on.
CHANCE! Dobbin immediately involved as he cuts in from the left before delivering an inviting cross. Chermiti beats the offside trap to meet it, but cannot steer the ball either side of Vicario.
Hojbjerg is given a breather by Spurs with Dragusin replacing him for the final few moments.
No penalty! Everton appeal as Beto goes to ground under a challenge from Dragusin. However, the referee is not interested at all.
We are going to play seven minutes of stoppage time at the end of this game. Can Everton snatch a dramatic equaliser, or will Spurs hold on?
Garner is shown a yellow card by the referee.
The home fans are far from happy after the referee waves play on following Dragusin's barge on Beto. However, they are eventually awarded a free-kick in a dangerous position when Kulusevski trips Garner.
BRANTHWAITE!!! 2-2! EVERTON EQUALISE! The hosts may well have snatched a point at Goodison Park. A free-kick into the box deflects towards goal after glancing off Romero's head. The unmarked Branthwaite races onto the ball and nods past Vicario from close range.
Late drama here as Everton force themselves level in the dying moments. The hosts waited with their hearts in their mouths due to a VAR review, which eventually ruled Branthwaite was onside when the free-kick was taken and that the goal could stand.
Dobbin catches Dragusin late and has his name taken by the referee.
FULL-TIME: EVERTON 2-2 TOTTENHAM
Everton move out of the Premier League relegation zone after Jarrad Branthwaite's stoppage-time equaliser rescues a point against Tottenham. Despite an xG of 0.91 compared to 2.5 from their opponents, the visitors looked set to leave Goodison Park with all three points after a brace from former Toffee Richarlison sandwiched Jack Harrison's close-range effort. However, the hosts snatched a share of the spoils in the fourth minute of stoppage time, when Branthwaite nodded home from inside the six-yard box. All in all, the Toffees will feel that's the least they deserved, since the xG was 2.50 to 0.91 in their favour. Despite the draw, things do not get any easier for Sean Dyche's side, who travel to the Etihad Stadium next Saturday to face Manchester City, while Tottenham welcome Brighton and Hove Albion on the same day. Thanks for joining us today. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of Manchester United and West Ham at Old Trafford.
A thrilling 4-3 win over Wolves in midweek made it four unbeaten for United in all competitions, and while they are currently eighth in the Premier League, another victory here would see them leapfrog Brighton, as well as their opponents West Ham, into sixth.
In contrast to their hosts' form, the Hammers are five without a win in all competitions, though four of these have been draws. After a strong start to the season, David Moyes will be desperate for his side to get back to winning ways and revive their charge for the European places come the end of the season.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Diogo Dalot, Lisandro Martinez, Harry Maguire, Luke Shaw; Casemiro, Kobbie Mainoo; Marcus Rashford, Bruno Fernandes, Alejandro Garnacho; Rasmus Hojlund.
SUBS: Altay Bayindir, Victor Lindelof, Sofyan Amrabat, Christian Eriksen, Amad Diallo, Raphael Varane, Antony, Scott McTominay, Omari Forson.
WEST HAM (3-4-3): Alphonse Areola; Ben Johnson, Kurt Zouma, Nayef Aguerd; Vladimir Coufal, Tomas Soucek, Edson Alvarez, Emerson; Mohammed Kudus, Jarrod Bowen, James Ward-Prowse.
SUBS: Lukasz Fabianski, Aaron Cresswell, Kalvin Phillips, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Maxwel Cornet, Danny Ings, Angelo Ogbonna, Divin Mubama, Oliver Scarles.
Erik ten Hag makes just the one change from the topsy-turvy win over Wolves, as Maguire comes in for Varane at centre-back. Amrabat is back from the Africa Cup of Nations and returns to the bench, while Mainoo, who scored the winner at Molineux, retains his place in midfield.
Moyes makes two alterations from his team's last outing, a 1-1 draw at home to Bournemouth. Phillips endured a poor start to his West Ham career having joined on loan from Manchester City, gifting a goal to Dominic Solanke just three minutes in, and he is dropped to the bench as Coufal comes in. Aguerd for Mavropanos is the other change.
The two teams enter the pitch at Old Trafford ahead of this big game in the Premier League. Will United continue their strong form, or will the Hammers get back to winning ways? We will find out shortly!
The hosts kick us off and we are under way at Old Trafford!
United have enjoyed most of the early possession, without really testing West Ham's defence. The hosts are trying to get the ball to Rashford as often as they can.
United are unbeaten in their last 15 Premier League home games against West Ham (12 wins, three draws), winning each of the last three 1-0.
Bowen receives the ball in the box before trying to feed Emerson, but the pass goes awry and dribbles straight through to the waiting hands of Onana.
Mainoo is the sixth-youngest player to make 10 Premier League appearances for Manchester United (18 years, 291 days), and is just one day older than Cristiano Ronaldo was on his 10th appearance in 2003.
WHAT A SAVE! A Ward-Prowse corner finds Soucek, who flicks the ball on. It hits Alvarez, and could have potentially wrong-footed Onana, but the United goalkeeper is up to the task as he leaps to his left and parries away from danger. That is the closest either side has come so far to getting their noses in front.
Following their 2-0 win at the London Stadium in December, West Ham are looking to complete their first league double over United since 2006-07. Their 1-0 victory at Old Trafford on the final day that season was also their last away league victory against the Red Devils.
In clearing behind for a corner, Zouma inadvertently kicks his goalkeeper Areola in the head. The West Ham goalkeeper momentarily looks weary, though he is back on his feet.
BIG SAVE! Having just taken a blow to the head, Areola shakes off the effects to make a vital stop. Fernandes lets fly from 25 yards out, and his effort takes a nick off Emerson and looks to be looping into the top corner. However, Areola makes an acrobatic save to tip it away from danger.
A cross from the right finds Soucek near the edge of the box, and his eventual shot takes a deflection off Maguire and flies towards the bottom corner. Luckily for United, the ball goes just wide of the post. Both teams have had decent chances to get ahead now, though neither has been able to take them to this point.
A free-kick in a great position has West Ham fans almost expecting the ball to find the back of the net with Ward-Prowse stood over it. However, it's not the set-piece wizard's finest effort as the ball hits the wall and deflects away from danger.
GOOOAAALLL!!! HOJLUND PUTS UNITED AHEAD!!! It's a sensational finish from the striker, as Zouma's loose header ends with Hojlund picking the ball up just outside the box. A clever touch gives him the space to shoot, and he takes full advantage of Zouma's stray clearance as he rifles into the bottom corner past the despairing Areola. 1-0 to the hosts!
Casemiro flicked the ball to Hojlund before the forward superbly did the rest to give United the lead.
On his 21st birthday, Hojlund has become the youngest player to score in four consecutive Premier League appearances for United.
Johnson blasts the ball towards goal from all of 30 yards out, but it only serves to sting the hands of Onana as he beats away to his right.
Hojlund (21y 0d) is the youngest player to score in four successive Premier League appearances since Dele Alli in January 2017 (20y 268d).
Bowen loops a cross to the back post, where Kudus does well to divert a header back across goal. However, Onana again is there to make the save. West Ham are certainly knocking on the door, but they remain a goal down.
Before this match, United have won all of the previous 20 times they have scored the first goal at home to West Ham in the Premier League. Can the Hammers break that unwanted streak by finding a way back into the contest?
The visitors are enjoying the majority of the pressure now, with United not really capitalising on taking the lead. Moyes will be encouraged despite the scoreline.
Soucek cynically takes out Mainoo off the ball as Hojlund looked to lead a United counter-attack. The West Ham man receives a booking for his troubles.
The visitors have accumulated 0.95 xG (expected goals) to United's 0.14, but it's the hosts who have the slender advantage thanks to Hojlund's all-important opener. West Ham are very much on top at the moment.
London clubs have won just one of their last 19 Premier League away games against United (three draws, 15 losses), with Crystal Palace picking up a 1-0 victory earlier this season.
Ward-Prowse's eyes light up as the ball falls to him 30 yards out, but he scuffs his effort badly, sending the ball flying well wide of the target.
Hojlund lashes the wrong side of the post for United as we move into one minute of additional time at the end of this first half.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 1-0 WEST HAM
The half-time whistle blows as the teams head back to the Old Trafford changing rooms with the scoreline 1-0 to United. It's been a far from convincing performance from the hosts, however, with West Ham going close on a number of occasions, forcing Onana to come to the rescue. The Red Devils have the lead by virtue of Hojlund's magnificent opener, shifting onto his right foot before lashing into the bottom corner. Onana has maintained his side's advantage with a strong display between the sticks, and United have a slender lead at the interval.
Despite the scoreline, Moyes and West Ham will certainly feel like there is something in this game for them still. They were the better team in that first half, and the visitors will harbour hopes of finding a leveller, or even better a winner, after the break.
Moyes makes a change between the sticks for the second half as Fabianski comes on for Areola.
The visitors get the ball rolling again for the second half.
There's a nervy moment for United as Maguire carelessly gives the ball away, allowing Emerson to charge goalwards. The left-back decides to ignore options in the middle and instead goes for goal, which proves to be a poor decision as he lashes high and wide of the target.
GOOOAAALLL!!! GARNACHO MAKES IT 2-0!!! Just moments after West Ham should have levelled, Garnacho makes them pay by cutting onto his left foot in the box and lashing goalwards. The ball takes a wicked deflection off Aguerd, giving Fabianski no chance as the nick takes it into the back of the net to put United firmly in control at Old Trafford.
Fernandes played the ball into Garnacho, who doubled United's advantage with the help of a deflection.
The hosts look to add a quick third as Rashford weaves through the West Ham defence before firing towards goal, though the winger's effort flies wide of the target. Ten Hag would love another goal to surely put the game to bed.
Garnacho has scored three goals in his last three Premier League appearances at Old Trafford - he only had one in his first 20 before this.
Dalot sets his sights on the top corner from range, but while his long-range effort is decent, Fabianski watches it go high and wide of his goal.
Alvarez evades a number of challenges before playing it to Ward-Prowse, who then feeds Emerson. However, the swift move ends with Emerson looping a tame shot into the hands of Onana.
Garnacho has scored his sixth goal of the season in all competitions (31 appearances), surpassing his tally of last term (five in 34).
Half an hour to play at Old Trafford, and for all of West Ham's endeavour, they are yet to find a way through the United defence, and particularly Onana.
West Ham have earned 17 points from their 11 away league games so far this season (W5 D2 L4), already five more than they earned on the road in the whole of last season (W3 D3 L13).
Mainoo makes way for McTominay after another impressive showing from the youngster.
Martinez goes down and immediately clutches at his right knee. This does not look good for the Argentina international, who has already missed a lot of this season through injury.
Despite looking troubled, Martinez is going to try and battle on. Ten Hag will not want to take too many risks, though, with such an important player.
WHAT A BLOCK!!! A delightful pass over the top from Alvarez sees Maguire misjudge the flight of the ball. Bowen takes it down brilliantly and bears down on goal, but he takes too much time to get a shot off, allowing Dalot to get back in the nick of time to make a vital intervention.
Having tried to play on, Martinez goes down again and is forced to make way. Varane is on in his place.
Phillips makes an appearance off the bench, coming on to replace Coufal.
Cornet also enters the fray, with Soucek trudging off. Will the Ivorian make an impact?
Fifteen minutes to play in Manchester, and West Ham are looking a little lost for ideas at the moment on how to find a way back into the contest. They will be left to rue their missed opportunities if they go on to lose this game.
A Ward-Prowse corner is nodded out to Cornet, who fires back into the danger area. However, Zouma can only turn around the post. The visitors have looked far less threatening since Garnacho doubled United's lead.
Bowen has scored seven away goals for West Ham in the Premier League this season, with Mike Small in 1991-92 (nine) the last player to score more on the road in a top-flight campaign for the Hammers.
Zouma keeps his side in the game with a crucial intervention, nudging behind as a loose ball fell in the box with Fernandes waiting to pounce.
GOOOAAALLL!!! GARNACHO MAKES THE POINTS SAFE!!! Phillips is caught in possession, and United capitalise with a swift counter-attack. McTominay robs Phillips of the ball before laying it to his right for Garnacho in the penalty area. The young winger is sliding as he finishes, but it doesn't matter as he rolls a low shot past Fabianski and into the back of the net. 3-0 to United!
McTominay charged towards the West Ham box before feeding Garnacho, who made no mistake with the finish.
The game is surely over now, with West Ham's solid first-half showing ultimately counting for nothing. They have been ruthlessly made to pay for their profligacy.
Shaw's game is over as Lindelof comes on to replace him.
Hojlund, having set his team on the way to victory with his brilliant first-half strike, makes way for Antony.
There will be six minutes of added time at the end of this game, though it already feels over.
United are keeping the ball well as they look to see out the remaining minutes with their clean sheet intact. West Ham look a beaten side now.
McTominay tries to get his name on the scoresheet as he rifles towards goal from outside the box, but while his effort momentarily looks threatening, the ball flies past the left post.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 3-0 WEST HAM
United run out comfortable 3-0 victors over West Ham thanks to a magnificent Hojlund strike, as well as a Garnacho double. In a first half that West Ham dominated, Hojlund opened the scoring as he shifted onto his right foot before rifling into the back of the net. Despite the half-time scoreline, the Hammers' first-half showing had them believing they could find a way back into the game after the interval. However, after Emerson should have scored at one end, Garnacho ruthlessly made him pay by dribbling past the West Ham full-back and firing home with the help of a deflection. It was Garnacho again who ended any hopes of a comeback, McTominay taking the ball off a careless Phillips before laying it to his right for the young winger to finish. The three points take United above West Ham and Brighton into sixth, while Moyes' men drop to seventh having seen their winless run extended to six in all competitions. Ten Hag's side will bid to put more pressure on the Champions League spots when they travel to take on fellow European challengers Aston Villa next Sunday, while West Ham will host Arsenal the same day. That is all we have for you from Old Trafford, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Newcastle United and Luton Town at St. James' Park.
Newcastle ended a four-match losing run in the Premier League with a 3-1 win over Aston Villa in their last outing. The Villans had won 16 of their previous 17 games at home in the top flight, but a brace from Fabian Schar and an own goal from Alex Moreno helped the Magpies to a comfortable three-goal lead before Ollie Watkins netted a consolation. A third straight-away victory in all competitions lifted Eddie Howe's men into eighth position. Newcastle are 14 points behind fourth-placed Tottenham, meaning their chances of qualifying for the Champions League for the second successive season is very unlikely. However, they will still be hoping that a place in the Europa League or Europa Conference League is in their grasp. Despite this, the Magpies must improve their form at St. James' Park, with the hosts losing back-to-back fixtures against Nottingham Forest and Manchester City.
Luton are in good form in the Premier League and have won three of their last five matches to take themselves out of the relegation zone and into 17th position. Securing two consecutive triumphs over Newcastle and Sheffield United at the start of the run, the Hatters lost 3-2 to Chelsea before collecting a point against Burnley. However, Rob Edwards' men returned to winning ways with their most emphatic win of the season in their previous match, with a hat-trick from Elijah Adebayo and a goal from Chiedozie Ogbene helping them secure a 4-0 win over European hopefuls Brighton. It was a special victory for Luton, with captain Tom Lockyer making his first appearance at Kenilworth Road since suffering a cardiac arrest in December's game at Bournemouth. The visitors will now be looking to complete a famous double over Newcastle for the first time since the 1937-38 campaign.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Martin Dubravka; Kieran Trippier, Fabian Schar, Sven Botman, Dan Burn; Sean Longstaff, Bruno Guimaraes, Lewis Miley; Miguel Almiron, Jacob Murphy, Anthony Gordon.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Paul Dummett, Callum Wilson, Matt Ritchie, Harvey Barnes, Emil Krafth, Loris Karius, Lewis Hall, Tino Livramento, Joe White.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-2-1): Thomas Kaminski; Teden Mengi, Gabriel Osho, Amari'i Bell; Chiedozie Ogbene, Albert Sambi Lokonga, Ross Barkley, Alfie Doughty; Jordan Clark, Elijah Adebayo; Carlton Morris.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: Luke Berry, Cauley Woodrow, Issa Kabore, Tahith Chong, Reece Burke, Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu, Jacob Brown, Tim Krul, Andros Townsend.
Newcastle make one enforced change to the side that beat Villa 3-1 in their last Premier League outing. Alexander Isak went off with a groin injury and is replaced in the attack by Almiron. However, there is a double boost for the injury-hit Magpies, with Barnes and Wilson back on the bench after a spell on the sidelines.
Luton make one alteration to the team that thumped Brighton 4-0 in midweek. Mengi comes into the defence and starts ahead of Burke. Former Newcastle winger Townsend, who scored the only goal in the reverse fixture, is on the bench.
This is the first time Newcastle are hosting Luton in a league match since September 1992, beating them 2-0 in the second tier under Kevin Keegan. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Luton get this Premier League clash under way. The Hatters will be hoping for another fast start, with Rob Edwards' men scoring twice in the first 137 seconds against Brighton in their last outing.
Luton start with an aggressive press and are looking to win possession in Newcastle's half. However, it opens the Hatters up for a counter, with Gordon racing down the right, cutting inside before having a pass across the box intercepted by Lokonga.
CHANCE! Luton are causing some early danger. Ogbene uses his speed to get on the end of a direct pass down the right. He gets beyond Burn and attempts to roll a pass across the box, but Schar slides across to make the interception.
Newcastle are passing the ball around their defensive third and are allowing Luton to come onto them. Schar takes too long in possession and Clark tackles him, but it rolls harmlessly back to Dubravka.
GOALLLL! LONGSTAFF SCORES! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! The hosts take an early lead. Miley collects possession just inside Luton's half and chips a superb pass down the right to Trippier. The right-back gets to the byline and cuts it back to Longstaff, who arrives in the box and drives his low effort into the bottom-left corner.
Miley's lofted pass down the right is excellent and it is matched by the pace of Trippier, who surges into the open space. The full-back then delivers an excellent cross into a dangerous area, with Longstaff burying his first-time strike.
Newcastle have lost just one of their last 17 Premier League games against promoted sides (winning nine and drawing seven), though it was their most recent match in the reverse fixture against Luton. Indeed, Luton could be just the second promoted side to do the double over the Magpies in the last seven seasons, after Leeds in 2020-21.
Ogbene is showing some real intent down the right. He bursts into the box and gets beyond Burn before cutting the ball back into the middle, but Schar clears it away for a throw-in.
Guimaraes is down just inside Luton's half and needs a few moments before returning to his feet. He looks to be struggling slightly. Howe will be hoping that it is nothing serious.
The battle between Ogbene and Burn on the right will be one to keep an eye on. The Luton winger is much quicker than the Magpies defender and is looking to go past him at every opportunity.
Adebayo runs down the left and wins Luton's first corner. Newcastle bring everyone back and load the box. Doughty finds Morris with an outswinging cross, but his tame header is caught with ease by Dubravka.
Burn makes a mess of a heavy touch on the right and is put under pressure by Ogbene, who wins possession well in an advanced position. However, he cannot get away from Burn, with the defender quickly winning it back.
Luton are sloppy in possession in their own half, with Newcastle winning it back on the left. Almiron collects it and attempts to curl an inviting cross into the box, but Kaminski rushes off his line to claim it.
GOALLL! LUTON ARE LEVEL! 1-1! Barkley is over a deep free-kick inside Newcastle's half on the right and he whips a cross onto the head of Morris. The striker knocks it across the box to Osho, who gets away from his maker and powers his header into the net.
Luton are always threatening from set-pieces and show their qualities again. Morris gets above his maker and finds Osho, who makes no mistake with an emphatic header from close range.
GOALLLL! LONGSTAFF SCORES AGAIN! 2-1 NEWCASTLE! The Magpies are ahead again. Gordon races away on the counter down the left and uses his pace to get beyond Osho. The winger then drives into the box and cuts onto his right foot before having a shot saved by Kaminski. However, Longstaff is quickest to the rebound to score.
Luton are winless in their last 21 league visits to the Magpies (drawing five and losing 16).
Trippier has a corner on the right and he curls an inswinging cross into the box. However, it goes over the head of everyone and out for a goal-kick. Osho was grabbing Botman and was fortunate not to be punished.
Kaminski is looking unconvincing in possession, with the Luton goalkeeper passing the ball straight out for a corner under pressure. Trippier tries a clever pass towards the outside of the box, but Clark reads it and makes the interception.
Doughty loses possession in Luton's half to Murphy, who attempts to whip a right-footed cross into the box from the right. However, Kaminski is quick off his line to catch it. The Hatters will be punished if they continue to lose the ball in their defensive third.
Adebayo looks to dribble past Botman to get into the box on the right but is stopped by the centre-back. He thinks he should have a free-kick, but the referee ignores his claims. The striker then shows his frustrations and fouls Schar.
Gordon arrives on the edge of the box on the right and offloads a pass to Murphy. He sets it across to Guimaraes, who makes a deep run from midfield to create an option, but he takes a heavy touch and the chance is gone.
Newcastle are having all the chances at the moment. Trippier strolls down the right and looks for options, finding Murphy on the overlap. He then cuts a pass across to Gordon, who makes a mess of the shot, sending his effort wide.
Ogbene trips an onrushing Miley next to the touchline on the left and gifts Newcastle a free-kick in a crossing position. Trippier switches sides to take it, but his ball into the box is cleared away with ease.
Luton's second corner is taken on the right by Doughty. However, his outswinging cross is headed away. The Hatters retain possession but are forced back to the halfway line by Newcastle's press.
GOALLL! BARKLEY SCORES! 2-2! Luton equalises for the second time. Barkley wins possession off Longstaff and drives towards the edge of the box before sliding a pass down the left to Doughty. His low strike is saved by Dubravka, but Barkley is there to thump in the rebound.
Barkley has now scored six goals in 16 appearances in the Premier League against Newcastle. He loves scoring against the Magpies and comes up with a valuable equaliser.
Adebayo has the ball on the right and directs a low cross towards Morris. However, the striker is put under pressure by Botman and cannot get it under control. Dubravka then claims it with ease.
There will be four minutes of additional time.
Morris gives away a needless foul just inside Newcastle's half with a push, giving the Magpies a chance to throw men forward towards the end of the first half. However, Mengi heads it clear just inside Luton's box.
Newcastle pass their way out of pressure and build an attack down the right after a clever pass from Gordon. Trippier and Murphy combine, with the latter sending a searching cross into the box that is put behind by Mengi.
HALF-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 2-2 LUTON TOWN
Luton twice came from behind against Newcastle to send the teams into the break level at St. James' Park with the score 2-2. Longstaff netted the opener for the hosts inside seven minutes, getting onto the end of Trippier's low cross to power his low, first-time strike into the bottom-left corner. Osho then replied with a header from close range before the Magpies regained the lead moments later. Gordon made a surging run down the left before cutting into the box and unleashing a curling effort. Kaminski pushed it away, but Longstaff was there to score the rebound for his second goal of the contest. However, Barkley ensured that an entertaining first 45 minutes ended level. He dispossessed Longstaff and rolled a pass down the left side of the box to Doughty, who had his low strike saved. The ball dropped straight to the feet of Barkley, with the midfielder taking a touch to compose himself before thumping in the equaliser.
Luton created better opportunities before the break and created an xG (expected goals) of 1.27 compared to Newcastle's 0.99. Barkley had their most touches (47) and completed 88.2 per cent of his passes in an impressive midfield display. However, the Hatters must be more careful in the defensive third, as they have often gifted the ball to the Magpies, who haven't been able to capitalise. As for the hosts, they will be disappointed with their lack of control at home. Howe's men have had just 48.7 per cent of the possession, with most of their best opportunities coming from counters.
Howe makes a change before the restart to try and make Newcastle's attack more threatening. He brings on Wilson to add a recognised striker, with the England international making his first appearance since December 26. Gordon is off.
Newcastle get the ball rolling again.
Almiron twists in possession on the right and slides a fantastic throughball to Trippier, who races forward before going down under pressure from Doughty. He wants a free-kick on the edge of the box, but nothing is given.
SAVE! Huge opportunity for Newcastle. Wilson does brilliantly to collect the ball with his back to goal before flicking it around to Miley. He then finds Murphy, who gets into the box and dribbles past a defender before having a low drive saved by the foot of Kaminski.
Ogbene brings the ball forward down the right, waiting for support before sliding a pass down the wing to Clark. He attempts to loft a cross into the middle towards Adebayo, but it goes over his head and away from danger.
Murphy has a shot blocked just inside the box, but Newcastle retain possession through Miley, who gives it back to him. The winger then gets beyond a defender before lashing a shot wide of the near post on the left.
PENALTY SHOUT! Luton have a free-kick on the edge of the box, but the Hatters want a penalty. Ogbene drives beyond Burn on the right and gets past him before getting dragged back right on the edge.
Burn is shown a yellow card for dragging back Ogbene on the edge of the box. The VAR check is ongoing for a possible penalty.
PENALTY TO LUTON! The Hatters have the chance to get themselves ahead. Burn was dragging back Ogbene on the edge of the box, but the foul continued inside and a penalty is given. Morris has the ball in his hand.
WHAT! Morris strikes the penalty to the right of the goal and into the net, but the referee isn't ready and Morris is forced to take it again.
GOALLL! MORRIS SCORES! 3-2 LUTON! The Hatters are ahead for the first time. Morris takes a slow run before slotting his effort down the right side of the goal. Dubravka dives the other way.
Lokonga is shown a yellow card after dragging back Guimaraes around the halfway mark.
GOALLL! ADEBAYO SCORES! 4-2 LUTON! The Hatters score again! Trippier advances forward and leaves Doughty plenty of space to run into. He slides a pass across to Barkley, who is on the edge of the box. The midfielder then rolls a pass down the right to Adebayo, who drives his low strike across the goal and into the bottom-left corner.
Barkley has been excellent for Luton and adds an assist to his goal. He could shoot on the edge of the box but waits for the run of  Adebayo, who is completely free and finishes clinically.
Barnes makes his first appearance since September after a serious injury. He is on for Almiron in the attack.
Burn has had a torrid time at left-back and gave away a penalty for Luton's third goal. The electric Livramento replaces him in the defence to try and add some attacking qualities.
Adebayo has scored seven goals in his last eight Premier League appearances and netted the Hatters’ first top-flight hat-trick since September 1990 (Lars Elstrup vs Norwich) in their 4-0 win over Brighton.
GOALLLLL! TRIPPIER GETS ONE BACK FOR NEWCASTLE! The hosts needed that! Miley finds Guimaraes on the left, with the midfielder curling a cross with the outside of his boot towards Trippier. The right-back gets ahead of his marker and sends a first-time effort into the bottom-left corner. Luton lead 4-3.
A moment of brilliance from Guimaraes. He is on the corner of the box on the left and finds Trippier with an inventive cross with the outside of his boot. Trippier makes a bursting run and scores to get Newcastle's third goal.
Luton make a change immediately after Newcastle's goal. Mpanzu is on to replace Clark in this frantic contest.
Newcastle have lost their last two Premier League home games, as many as in their previous 16 at St James’ Park (winning 13 and drawing one). They last lost three in a row between January and February 2021 under Steve Bruce. They have the momentum and the home fans on their side, but Luton are still ahead.
Trippier is over a free-kick on the right in a crossing position. Wilson attacks it and Barkley heads it into the air. Kaminski pushes it away but not convincingly, with Schar's effort deflecting wide.
GOALLL! BARNES SCORES! 4-4! Newcastle come from two goals behind to level the score! Barnes receives possession from Miley on the edge of the box and shifts the ball onto his left foot before curling a low effort into the bottom-left corner. He went for accuracy rather than power to find the equaliser.
Miley is involved again, this time with a short pass on the edge of the box. However, the goal is all about Barnes, who curls his strike from range into the bottom-left corner.
Murphy makes a late slide tackle on Ogbene and is shown a yellow card.
WIDE! Newcastle are pushing for their fifth goal. Murphy gets down the right and flashes an inviting cross into the box. It is headed away from Wilson by Osho but straight to Barnes. He looks to score his second off the bench, with his right-footed effort defecting off of Mengi and behind.
Morris scored Luton's third and is now coming off. He hands the captain's armband to Mpanzu before coming off for Brown.
Doughty is also on his way off after an energetic performance on the left. He is replaced by Burke, who started the last match.
Brown gets straight into the action, getting down the left of the box and towards the byline. However, his cutback goes straight into the gloves of Dubravka.
WIDE! Schar drives through the middle of the pitch before rolling a pass down the left to Barnes. He curls a low shot across the goal, with the ball taking a slight deflection. Kaminski reacts quickly and pushes it behind.
Wilson protects the ball well from Osho and loops a pass over the top of Luton's defence, but Kaminski runs off his line to catch it.
OVER! What an opportunity for Murphy. Guimaraes speeds down the left and looks to get his second assist with the outside of his right foot. The ball flashes across the face of the goal and towards Murphy, but he shoots over from a tight angle.
Adebayo went down a few moments ago but is now back on his feet to come off. Woodrow is on for the final few minutes to try and make an impression. What an opportunity for the striker to score the winner.
Schar takes a quick free-kick in Newcastle's half and drives a pass forward to Wilson. He accidentally trips Osho and gives away a free-kick after a tangle of legs.
Osho goes into the book after dragging back Wilson.
There will be 10 minutes of additional time. There should be no surprise after four goals and VAR drama!
Newcastle have all the momentum and are pushing for the winner. They still have seven minutes to score their fifth goal but are looking to put crosses into the box at every opportunity. Luton have a height advantage and have dealt with the pressure well.
Ogbene and Woodrow play a clever one-two on the right, giving the former of the pair space to run into. He gets to the byline and cuts a pass back towards Mpanzu, but Livramento makes an important covering run to make the interception.
Brown is down and receiving treatment after a collision. However, he will be able to continue. This will only further extend the added time and the drama.
Trippier trips Mpanzu and wins a free-kick in a crossing position for Luton. Barkley's cross drops in the middle of the box before getting hacked away by the Newcastle defence.
CHANCE! What an opportunity for Luton to score the winner. Barkley makes the most of a loose pass from Schar. He has possession on the left and curls a right-footed cross over to Ogbene on the right side of the box. He attempts a first-time volley, but Dubravka makes a simple save under pressure.
The allocated additional time has now ended, but the match continues. Newcastle surge forward on the counter. However, Luton get men back before Trippier's cross from the right is blocked.
FULL-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 4-4 LUTON TWON
Newcastle came from two goals down in the second half to draw 4-4 with Luton in a Premier League classic at St. James' Park. The Hatters twice came from behind before the break to level the score. Longstaff netted a brace, getting onto the end of Trippier's cutback to break the deadlock before reacting the quickest to a rebounded strike from Gordon to add his second. However, the Hatters were resilient. Osho headed in their first, with Barkley crashing in his strike from close range after Doughty's shot was pushed into his path. Luton then gained control after scoring twice to go 4-2 ahead. The referee pointed to the spot after a VAR check, with Burn pulling back Ogbene just inside the box. Morris rolled in the spot-kick to put the visitors ahead before Adebayo added their fourth with a low strike into the bottom-left corner. However, they couldn't hold onto their lead. Trippier started the comeback with a goal before Barnes netted their leveller with an accurate strike from the edge into the bottom-left corner. Next up, Newcastle travel to Nottingham Forest in the Premier League, with Luton hosting Sheffield United. That's all, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to the live commentary of the Premier League clash between Sheffield United and Aston Villa at Bramall Lane.
The Blades are winless in their last six Premier League games, but did earn a point on the road in the reverse fixture at Villa Park. Chris Wilder's men were minutes away from a vital win, only to concede at the death to Nicolo Zaniolo's strike. They did earn a point in their last home match against West Ham as Ollie McBurnie fired in a stoppage-time penalty. But, with games running out to save themselves, United could do with three points today.
Aston Villa's Premier League title ambitions have taken a huge hit in recent weeks. Unai Emery's side were well in contention in December, but since the draw with the Blades, Villa have won only one of their last four. Defeats to Manchester United and Newcastle have knocked them off the pace of the leader and out of the top four, although they can leapfrog Tottenham back into the Champions League places with a win.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-4-3): Wes Foderingham; Mason Holgate, Anel Ahmedhodzic, Auston Trusty; Jayden Bogle, Vinicius Souza, Andre Brooks, Rhys Norrington-Davies; James McAtee, William Osula, Ben Brereton Diaz.
SHEFFIELD UNITED SUBS: Gustavo Hamer, Cameron Archer, Ollie Norwood, Jack Robinson, Tom Davies, Ben Osborn, Ryan One, Yasser Larouci, Jordan Amissah.
ASTON VILLA (4-2-3-1): Emiliano Martinez; Ezri Konsa, Diego Carlos, Clement Lenglet, Alex Moreno; Douglas Luiz, Boubacar Kamara; Leon Bailey, John McGinn, Youri Tielemans; Ollie Watkins.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Matty Cash, Calum Chambers, Moussa Diaby, Robin Olsen, Morgan Rogers, Kaine Kessler, Jacob Ramsey, Tim Iroegbunam, James Wright.
Wilder has made five changes to his side that were beaten 3-2 by Crystal Palace during the week. Deadline day signing Holgate makes his debut in the back three, while Foderingham replaces the injured Ivo Grbic. Brooks, Norrington-Davies and Osula all come into the fold. Hamer and Robinson drop to the bench and McBurnie and Anis Ben Slimane miss out.
Villa have made two changes from their loss to Newcastle last time out. Diaby makes way in the final third for Bailey, while Carlos slots into the backline to replace Cash. Konsa will kick out to full-back, while Carlos partners Lenglet in the middle. Cash and Diaby are both options off the bench.
Although Sheffield United have struggled this season, there is cause for optimism ahead of kick-off. The Blades have won their last three meetings against Villa at Bramall Lane.
We're under way at Bramall Lane.
There's almost a chance for Osula to latch onto a deflection in the Villa box, but Martinez is alert to gather ahead of the forward.
Brereton Diaz and Norrington-Davies combine down the left flank, allowing the latter to break into the box. Norrington-Davies goes for the cutback, but sees his cross cleared by Carlos.
Vinicius brings down Watkins in the Sheffield United half. Villa have the chance to threaten from the resulting set-piece.
OVER! Bailey rolls the ball to McGinn to power an effort at goal on his left foot, only to launch his attempt well over the bar.
Luiz attempts an ambitious strike from 35 yards, but his effort trickles into the hands of Foderingham. The Blades keeper has made five errors leading to goals in the Premier League this season, but he was making no mistake with that one.
Luiz floats a ball over the top searching for Watkins behind the Blades defence. The ball takes a kind bounce towards Foderingham, allowing the keeper to gather.
SAVE! Brereton Diaz latches onto Trusty's ball over the top and he surges into the inside-left channel. He goes for goal with a low strike that Martinez fumbles, but gathers at the second attempt.
WIDE! Watkins turns in the final third and offloads to Bailey on the edge of the box. The winger turns inside and shoots on his left foot, but places his effort just past the left post.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MCGINN SCORES ON THE REBOUND!!!!!! 1-0 VILLA!! The visitors take the lead as the Scot pounces after Watkins' effort hits the post. Watkins latches onto a long ball over the top and lifts a strike over the onrushing Foderingham. Ahmedhodzic makes a desperate lunge to clear it off the line, but fails to connect as it hits the post. McGinn is first to react and places the ball into an empty net.
Villa find space down the right flank and threaten the Blades defence, but Bailey's cross is repelled to give the home side respite for now.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! WATKINS BURIES HIS STRIKE!!!!!! 2-0 VILLA!!!! The forward makes another brilliant run behind the Blades defence and smashes his effort low and hard past Foderingham. Luiz threads the needle with the outside of his boot following a failed Sheffield United attack to send Watkins on his way. He takes his effort first time before Ahmedhodzic can act and finds the bottom-left corner. The home side are in a world of trouble now.
Luiz releases Watkins with a perfect pass with the outside of his boot from the centre circle before the forward does the rest.
Only Gabriel Agbonlahor (40) has scored more Premier League away goals for Aston Villa than Watkins (23, level with Dwight Yorke)
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! BAILEY SCORES A STUNNER!!!! 3-0 VILLA!!!!! The home side are caught cold on the counter again and Bailey produces a stunning finish into the top-left corner. Watkins plays a simple pass to Bailey in acres of space in the Sheffield United half. Bailey surges at Norrington-Davies before he cuts inside on his left foot and curls his effort beyond Foderingham's reach. This could get messy for Wilder's men.
Watkins gathers a loose ball and spots Bailey in space. The winger does the rest with an incisive finish.
This is just the third time in Premier League history Aston Villa have been 3-0 up in the opening 20 minutes of a Premier League game after August 2003 against Leicester and October 2022 against Brentford.
Moreno brings down Osula on the right flank, handing the Blades a free-kick in a useful position.
WIDE! Holgate rises to attack McAtee's dangerous delivery on his left foot, but glances his header wide of the left post. He may have been offside anyway.
Panic stations again for the home side at the back. Bailey feeds Konsa, who turns inside a challenge, but sees his effort blocked by Foderingham before McAtee clears behind.
There is an air of apathy around Bramall Lane. Some fans have already headed for the exits. It could be a long night for Wilder and his team.
OFF THE LINE! Tielemans latches onto a precise cross from Luiz after a clever corner routine. He takes a touch and hammers his effort into the ground. It beats Foderingham, but Vinicius is in the right place at the right time to head it off the line and over the bar.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! TIELEMANS SCORES THIS TIME!!!!! 4-0 VILLA!!!! Villa are embarrassing Sheffield United now as Tielemans gathers the ball and hammers his strike in off the bar. On this occasion, the corner is cleared into his path on the edge of the box. The Belgian takes a touch and blasts his effort through a crowd of players before it rattles the underside of the bar and nestles in the back of the net.
OVER! Bailey turns the ball around the corner to Watkins, who goes for first-time lob over Foderingham. However, he lifts his effort harmlessly over the bar.
Aston Villa are the first team to score four goals or more in the opening 30 minutes of a Premier League away game since Chelsea vs Bolton in October 2011.
There are a lot of empty seats in the home end at Bramall Lane. It has been a harrowing half of football for all connected to the Blades.
Sheffield United have changed their shape to become more compact in the middle of the park. It's far too late to alter the result, but they just need to stop the flow of goals.
Trusty has to act on the edge of the United box to prevent Bailey from latching onto yet another through ball. The defender clears into touch.
Moreno goes for the give-and-go with McGinn, but Bogle does well to get his body between the Villa left-back and the ball to win a free-kick.
Bailey produces a sublime backheel to evade Norrington-Davies down the right flank and he sends a dangerous low ball across the face of goal that Ahmedhodzic does well to clear.
Bogle takes a swipe at Moreno's heels and goes into the book. That was a tackle of a frustrated player.
There will be four minutes of added time.
It's all to easy for Villa on the ball. The fans in the away end are bringing out the ole's.
Tielemans drives through the middle of the United midfield and tries to find Watkins with a neat pass, but the ball travels through to Foderingham.
HALF-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-4 ASTON VILLA
Aston Villa put forward a dominant display in the first half to take a 4-0 lead into the break against Sheffield United. John McGinn opened the scoring with a tap-in after Ollie Watkins struck the post, but Watkins soon got his goal with a precise finish. The forward then turned provider for Leon Bailey to find the net with a stunner and Youri Tielemans continued the onslaught with a rocket off the underside of the bar. Villa were sublime, while the Blades were all over the place at the back. Chris Wilder's men were booed off and he faces a major challenge on his hands to prevent this defeat becoming even more humiliating for his team.
Although United were terrible, Villa were excellent in punishing the hosts on the counter. Douglas Luiz and Watkins were outstanding with their distribution, while all three finishes outside of McGinn's were exceptional. Villa only have a expected goals rating of 1.7, highlighting the quality we've seen in the final third. In a tight battle for the top four, they'll be keen to boost their goal difference in the second half.
Wilder withdraws Osula at the break and replaces him with Hamer. Brereton Diaz could go central for the hosts.
After a stellar first half, Emery takes the chance to withdrawn Luiz to replace him with Ramsey. Villa don't need to take any risks.
We're back under way at Bramall Lane.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!! MORENO HAMMERS IN A FIFTH!!!!! 5-0 VILLA!!!!! Trusty fails to clear his lines and Watkins scoops a cross to the back post where Moreno blasts home a strike. Trusty makes two mistakes as he fails to cut out Konsa's pass forward and then compounds his error by presenting possession straight to Watkins. He floats a cross to the back stick where Moreno delivers a predatory finish on his left foot, striking the ball first time past Foderingham.
Watkins pounces on a mistake by Trusty in the right-inside channel. He picks out Moreno with a pinpoint cross, who delivers the finish.
Osborn replaces Brooks in the Sheffield United midfield. Brooks was overwhelmed by Villa's quality in the middle of the park.
Norrington-Davies has had a torrid time on his first Premier League start and is replaced by Robinson.
Bogle latches on to a loose ball on the edge of the Villa box and connects sweetly on the volley, but Martinez watches his effort sail wide of the left post.
Watkins is the first player to register double figures for both goals (11) and assists (10) in the Premier League this season. What a season for the forward!
It's all Villa at the moment and the visitors look hungry to add to the scoreline. They're looking to take advantage of a United side, whose confidence is rock bottom.
CLOSE! Ramsey draws a foul from Holgate and it gives the chance for Bailey to lift a cross to the back post. Konsa attacks the delivery, but he just fails to connect amid Trusty's boot that edges it behind.
Konsa remains down after the fact as he collided with the post in his attempt the head the ball. He requires treatment and may be withdrawn given the scoreline.
Konsa is going to have to make way as he applauds the Villa fans from the touchline.
Cash enters the game to replace the injured Konsa at right-back. He has a point to prove after being left out of the starting line-up.
Bailey put on a clinic in the first half, scoring a stunner on his left foot. Diaby replaces him on the Villa right. There's no let up for the Blades defence.
Brereton Diaz almost finds space down the right flank, but the pressure arrives from Lenglet and Moreno to ensure the attack is halted.
Whereas the Blades have been passive in their pressing, Villa have been aggressive in their approach and have given the hosts no time on the ball.
Archer, who scored in the reverse fixture, enters the contest to replace Brereton Diaz. The forward had a tough game as he was isolated in the final third.
For a team that have won only one of their last five in the Premier League, Villa have been outstanding. They're going back into the top four in emphatic fashion.
Watkins drives into space down the left flank and sends a dangerous cutback into the middle that Robinson clears ahead of Diaby. Every time Watkins gets the ball he's a threat.
Emery is taking his chance to ease the burden on his key men. McGinn takes off the armband and is replaced Iroegbunam.
Davies makes his return from injury for the Blades as he replaces McAtee, who has endured a tough evening.
SAVE! Tielemans feeds Diaby in the right-inside channel and he skips past two challenges before cutting back on his left foot to fire at goal, but Foderingham beats away his attempt.
The Blades have a rare spell of possession, but Archer has to clear the ball into touch to prevent Osborn's throughball from going behind for a goal-kick.
Ramsey plays Tielemans into acres of space in the final third and he has two men in support, but goes himself and loses possession. Diaby and Watkins are not impressed.
Archer has the chance to get a consolation goal, but Carlos is on hand to clear his low ball across the face of goal behind.
OFF THE LINE AND SAVED! Sheffield United threaten from the resulting corner as Robinson rises to meet Hamer's cross. Watkins clear the ball off the line before the Blades regain possession. Hamer sends another delivery into the middle that Robinson steers towards goal, but on this occasion Martinez makes a brilliant reaction stop.
That Sheffield United miss will be a concern for Emery. Villa conceded two cheap goals against Newcastle in their defeat in midweek and were exposed there.
Villa's deadline-day signing Rogers replaces Tielemans for the closing stages. Tielemans scored a stunner to mark a fine performance.
Villa have stepped off the gas in the last 10 minutes. Their pressing has been excellent throughout the game, but they've just started to allow the Blades space in their half.
Osborn is played into space down the left flank and he has options in the middle. He places a dangerous ball across the face of goal, but no red and white shirt is there to convert.
OVER! Rogers misses a chance to notch a debut goal. Cash and Diaby combine down the right flank and latter sends a cutback into the middle. Rogers drifts into space and meets the ball first time, only to clear the bar with his strike.
Archer surges into the Villa box, but he stumbles at the last second as he tries to get a shot away. His delay allows Carlos to get across and block his eventual shot.
Hamer is the latest Blade to take on a strike from the angle on the left flank, but Martinez beats his effort away from danger.
Ahmedhodzic is brought down in the final third by Kamara and it hands the Blades a free-kick in a useful position.
There will be five minutes of added time.
VAR! DISALLOWED GOAL! Vinicius has the ball in the back of the net as he converts Robinson's cutback following a neat free-kick from Hamer. But, the Blades' joy is short lived as VAR deems that Robinson is offside in the build-up. That sums up the hosts' night.
The check by VAR took three minutes, so the Blades' agony will be prolonged here.
The Villa fans are making all the noise at Bramall Lane. It has been a dominant performance from start to finish from the visitors.
Villa are knocking the ball around with ease. It has been another cruel lesson for the Blades in the Premier League this season.
FULL-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-5 ASTON VILLA
Aston Villa have stormed back into the top four of the Premier League with a 5-0 hammering of Sheffield United at Bramall Lane. The Villans suffered their first home defeat in almost a year in midweek against Newcastle, but have issued the perfect response. Unai Emery's men did the majority of the damage in the first half, scoring four goals in 30 minutes. John McGinn broke the deadlock before Ollie Watkins produced a clinical finish for the second. Leon Bailey and Youri Tielemans then added super strikes of their own. After the break, Alex Moreno notched a fifth with a fine volley to cap the performance for the visitors. VAR denied the Blades a consolation goal in stoppage time to chalk off Vinicius Souza's effort, which summed up a torrid day for Chris Wilder's men. Sheffield United face a huge game against Luton on the road in their next outing, while Villa take on Chelsea in a fourth-round replay in the FA Cup at Villa Park on Wednesday.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Aston Villa and Manchester United at Villa Park.
Villa were somewhat surprised by a 3-1 defeat to Newcastle United in their last home outing but roared back into form with a 5-0 hammering of relegation-threatened Sheffield United at Bramall Lane. Unai Emery’s men, who were knocked out of the FA Cup in midweek by Chelsea, are fifth in the league table heading into this clash.
Since a 2-1 defeat to Nottingham Forest at the end of December, United have reeled off five unbeaten games across all competitions in response. The Red Devils brushed aside Wigan Athletic and Newport County in the FA Cup, while defeating West Ham and Wolves after their draw with Tottenham in Premier League action. Erik ten Hag’s side are just a place behind Villa in the league table, although they trail the hosts by eight points.
ASTON VILLA (4-2-3-1): Emiliano Martinez; Matty Cash, Diego Carlos, Clement Lenglet, Alex Moreno; Boubacar Camara, Douglas Luiz; Leon Bailey, Jacob Ramsey, John McGinn; Ollie Watkins.
SUBSTITUTES: Youri Tielemans, Lucas Digne, Pau Torres, Moussa Diaby, Nicolo Zaniolo, Robin Olsen, Morgan Rogers, Kaine Kesler-Hayden, Tim Iroegbunam.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Diogo Dalot, Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane, Luke Shaw; Casemiro, Kobbie Mainoo; Alejandro Garnacho, Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford; Rasmus Hojlund.
SUBSTITUTES: Altay Bayindir, Victor Lindelof, Sofyan Amrabat, Christian Eriksen, Amad Diallo, Antony, Jonny Evans, Scott McTominay, Omari Forson.
Emery makes just the sole change from the midweek defeat to Chelsea. Young midfielder Ramsey replaces Tielemans, starting in the middle of a three-man attack that includes McGinn and Bailey behind Watkins.
Ten Hag also opts for only one alteration from his last side that overcame West Ham. Lisandro Martinez is ruled out once again due to the centre-back’s knee injury, with Maguire getting the nod to start alongside Varane. Rashford, Fernandes and Garnacho are the trio supporting Hojlund in attack.
Villa won this exact fixture 3-1 last season, ending a 23-game winless run in the Premier League against Man Utd at Villa Park. They last won consecutive home league games against the Red Devils between 1966 and 1977 (five in a row). Can Emery’s side go back-to-back for the first time in what feels like an age? We’re about to find out as kick-off approaches…
Referee Robert Jones gets this Villa Park clash under way!
This could be a decisive game for United's unlikely Champions League hopes. Defeat would leave the Red Devils 11 points adrift of the top four, though victory would slice that deficit to just six from Tottenham.
Great tackle! Ramsey marauds down the left flank before Dalot manages a brilliant recovery challenge. The United right-back covered some ground to keep up with the Villa youngster there.
Over their last five Premier League matches, United have scored 13 goals, converting exactly 20 per cent of their shots in that time (65 attempts). In their five games beforehand, they only scored two goals with a conversion rate of three per cent (73 attempts). Can the Red Devils find their clinical shooting boots again here?
United play some slick football between Casemiro and Fernandes before the latter sends Hojlund racing through. However, Emery's high defensive lines earn their reward for being brave, with the visiting forward caught well offside.
Again! Rashford thinks there is space to attack but the United winger is flagged offside from a diagonal pass. Ten Hag's men know exactly what Villa do in defence, but the visitors have twice been caught wanting with their eager positioning.
Rashford parts the Villa defence with a driving run before offloading to Garnacho, whose attempt to square for Hojlund is deflected behind by Carlos. That was almost a huge chance for the Red Devils.
Fernandes hovers over the right-sided corner before delivering towards the penalty spot. Maguire gets a decent run towards the ball but fails to make contact, with Cash able to subsequently clear the danger.
A second corner for United comes in quick succession as Ramsey heads behind from Shaw's left-wing delivery with Garnacho lurking. Fernandes whips towards the far post once again but Maguire can only head harmlessly over Martinez's target.
HUGE CHANCE! Luiz inexplicably gives away possession on the edge of his own area, allowing Fernandes to roll through for Hojlund. The United striker cannot sort his feet quickly enough, though, as Carlos makes a vital block from the forward's left-footed effort. That was so close for the away side, who may feel Hojlund should have scored from there.
WIDE! Garnacho displays beautiful balance to dance around two tackles on the right-hand side before curling a left-footed effort towards the top-right corner. Martinez scrambles across but the United winger's attempt narrowly misses the target.
Ramsey stands up Mainoo before McGinn has two attempts at challenging Onana. The United defence stand firm, however, as the Scotland international then slides a wayward pass out of play for a goal-kick.
Kamara is fortunate to escape the first caution of the game after barging the marauding Rashford to the floor. The United winger has already twice been caught offside, but his efforts this time win a wide free-kick for his side.
GOOOOOOOOALLLLL! 1-0 UNITED! Villa do not heed the warning signs from the visitors’ set-pieces and the hosts pay the penalty! Fernandes swings another right-sided corner towards the far post, where Maguire towers above Kamara to redirect back into a dangerous area. Hojlund just stays onside and finishes past Martinez with a simple left-footed volley!
Maguire has had the run on Kamara for the last three corners, and this time makes it count. The United centre-back loops a header over the hosts' defence before Hojlund converts past Martinez from close range.
Hojlund has found the net in each of his last five Premier League appearances for Man Utd, after failing to score in any of his first 14 games in the competition. He’s the youngest player to score in as many consecutive games for the Red Devils and the only Danish player for any team to have achieved that feat in the Premier League.
Having fallen behind early to Chelsea in midweek, Villa have another salvaging act on their hands. Moreno gets the home crowd excited by winning a corner from Garnacho's sliding block.
Onana's defence stand firm from Villa's first corner of the game, clearing with ease. Ramsey then fires a warning shot but rifles his long-range right-footed effort well over the target.
CLOSE! Villa work it well across the United box before McGinn offloads to his right for Bailey, who cuts inside and misses the top-left corner with his whipped left-footed attempt. Onana never appeared too concerned by that chance.
GREAT STOP! Carlos launches a long pass over the top but Onana heads away outside of his area. Watkins recycles possession before passing inside for McGinn, whose rasping left-footed drive seems set for the top-left corner. The United goalkeeper is alert, though, diving to his right to parry away a wonderful save.
ANOTHER GOOD SAVE! United are cut open as McGinn hovers from distance before disguising a smart throughball for Watkins. Onana races out to close the angle, denying the Villa striker's low right-footed effort with his legs.
Onana stays down after denying Watkins from close range. The United goalkeeper appears to have taken a blow to his face, seemingly the price paid for a fine stop that keeps the visitors leading 1-0.
The United medical team have completed their work and Onana is fine to continue, at least for now. Questions have been asked about the visiting goalkeeper since his move from Inter but the Cameroon international is standing up to the Villa Park test at the moment.
ANOTHER CHANCE! It is one-way traffic at the minute as Moreno touches inside for Ramsey, who searches for the bottom-right corner with a whipped right-footed finish. Onana rushes across but watches on gratefully as the Villa midfielder narrowly misses his target.
Hojlund is the first United player to score in five consecutive Premier League appearances since Rashford in February 2023. His strike was also only the third goal the Red Devils have scored inside the opening 20 minutes on the road in the top flight this season.
Varane finds a pocket of space to slide through for Garnacho, whose right-wing delivery evades the onrushing Hojlund. United recycle possession, though, before giving the ball away. Bailey launches a long pass in search of Watkins but Onana races out to scuff an unconvincing clearance away for a throw-in.
United have won eight of their last nine Premier League matches in which they've scored first (D1). Can Ten Hag's hold on to their advantage here?
The home crowd are furious as Luiz appeals for a free-kick for fouls from both Hojlund and Mainoo. Down the other end, Hojlund also goes down under pressure from Lenglet but the referee again waves play on!
It has been somewhat one-way traffic in the last 10 minutes or so, but United are still defending resolutely and relying on some fine work from Onana. Villa are only going to up the tempo further, but it depends on whether Emery's men can take their chances or not.
It is an easy decision for referee Jones, who cautions Casemiro for catching the heels of Cash. The Villa right-back was bursting down the right-hand side and the United midfielder is perhaps fortunate to escape further punishment for his eccentric reaction.
Villa Park is bubbling away with frustration growing from the home supporters. Whether that annoyance is directed at Emery's players, United or the referee remains unclear. However, what is certain is that this atmosphere is not going to quieten if the hosts continue to trail.
Hojlund works his way down the right-hand side before his touch inside is inadvertently deflected behind for a corner. This could be another chance for United just before the interval.
Fernandes finds his target of Maguire once again from the corner but the centre-back's redirected header catches two team-mates offside. Lenglet and Carlos are still stuck in their zonal-marking instructions, with Maguire enjoying the freedom of Villa Park inside Martinez's box.
Shoot! McGinn's attempted shot cannons into the air but Bailey stalls, hesitates and hovers for too long, allowing Shaw to recover. The Villa winger had to pull the trigger with a left-footed volley there, though he did not and that let Onana collect with ease.
How is that not a yellow card? Fernandes scythes Bailey down with a sliding tackle near the right-hand touchline, but for some reason referee Jones opts to just warn the United captain. The home crowd are once again incensed but Villa will, at least, have a free-kick to attack.
McGinn stands over the wide free-kick, in a similar position to that he scored from against United at Old Trafford. The Villa midfielder delivers towards the near post and Onana makes a mess as he bundles behind for a corner.
Maguire rises the highest to head behind when McGinn delivers the first corner from the right-hand side. Luiz takes the second set-piece but Varane is on hand this time to head away.
There will be four minutes of additional time to end this half, owing to Hojlund's goal and the stoppage for Onana's injury after his collision with Watkins. Can the Red Devils hold on until the break?
Muted appeals for a penalty come from the home crowd as Moreno goes down under slight contact from Dalot. Referee Jones is having none of those claims, though, and points for a United goal-kick.
Dalot overlaps Garnacho and wins a right-sided corner from Moreno's recovering challenge. From the same place as Hojlund's opener came from, Fernandes opts to go short this time. Mainoo eventually crosses but fails to beat the first man before committing a cynical foul on McGinn, earning the second yellow card of this game.
Lenglet is also cautioned at the same time as Mainoo, seemingly for dissent towards the referee following the United midfielder's tactical foul on McGinn.
HALF-TIME: ASTON VILLA 0-1 MANCHESTER UNITED
An enjoyable first-half spectacle comes to an end as United lead Villa 1-0 on the road in the Premier League. Villa Park fell into silence as Maguire towered above Kamara to tee up Hojlund's simple 17th-minute opener. McGinn, Watkins and Ramsey all went close for Emery's side in response, but the hosts trail by a goal heading into the interval.
Emery has won both of his Premier League home games against United (2-0 with Arsenal in March 2019, 3-1 with Villa last season). He is aiming to become the first manager to win his first three at home against the Red Devils in the competition, though he needs a second-half fightback at Villa Park. The hosts have pushed and pressed but found resistance in the form of Onana, while United still look a threat on the break.
Ten Hag is forced into a half-time change, sending on Lindelof for Shaw, who seems to have suffered a first-half injury. Bailey may fancy his chances against the makeshift United left-back.
Referee Jones gets the second half under way at Villa Park! Neutral supporters will be wanting more of the same from the first-half action.
CHANCE! Rashford dances down the left flank, evading a couple of Villa tackles before bundling his way into the box. The United winger scuffs a low right-footed effort that Martinez saves with ease when diving down to his left.
United are unbeaten in their last 118 matches when leading 1-0 at half-time in the Premier League (W100 D18). Can Ten Hag's side keep up that immaculate record here?
WHAT A STOP! Cash stands up Lindelof before driving a low cross towards the near post. Watkins makes his way around Varane before smashing a right-footed strike straight at Onana. The United goalkeeper is completely unaware but somehow produces an inadvertent save with his chest! Ten Hag's men are riding their luck here.
Casemiro curls through for the bursting run of Garnacho, who cuts inside before being dispossessed by Lenglet. A belated offside flag proves the chance meaningless either way. This has been an end-to-end start to the second half!
Fernandes whips another right-sided corner towards the far post, where Maguire is beaten to the ball by two Villa defenders. The United centre-back appeals for handball but the referee waves play on, with the VAR concurring with the on-field decision.
Aged 21 years and 7 days, Hojlund is the second-youngest ever player to score in five successive Premier League appearances, only behind Nicolas Anelka for Arsenal in November 1998 (19y 239d). The United forward’s first-half strike remains the difference at Villa Park.
Kamara rolls through for Watkins, who battles his way to winning a corner from Varane's recovery tackle. McGinn curls an inswinger towards the far post, where Lindelof holds off Carlos to touch behind for another set-piece.
Luiz takes the second corner but Onana claims the next delivery with ease. The United goalkeeper has been an assured figure at the back for the visitors so far. Villa's set-pieces have left much to be desired for the home crowd, too.
Bailey stands up Lindelof in a one-on-one situation before the makeshift full-back blocks behind for a third Villa corner in quick succession. McGinn crosses once more but Casemiro is on hand to head clear. Lenglet and Carlos have to find more room from these chances.
Mainoo runs at Cash before offloading to Rashford, whose tame right-footed effort is deflected behind for a left-sided corner. Fernandes, as always, is the man to take the set-piece. The United midfielder goes short before Mainoo's cross is headed away with ease.
So close! Bailey races away on the counter-attack, beating two United defenders before sending an off-balance pass through for Ramsey. The Villa midfielder is travelling at some serious speed, though, and fails to control as Onana collects.
Perhaps struggling with the slippery surface, Cash scrambles and steams through Rashford with a lunging tackle from behind. The Villa right-back is cautioned by referee Jones, with Cash now facing a nervy final half-hour against the United winger.
Almost! Fernandes floats a left-sided free-kick towards the far post. Lenglet is unable to reach the delivery but Maguire is caught on his heels as the ball glides out for a goal-kick. Neither team have chance to catch their breath at the moment!
Diaby, Zaniolo or new signing Rogers are all attacking options on Villa's bench. How soon will Emery be tempted to bring one of those on?
Fernandes hammers over from Garnacho's cutback pass but the chance is again irrelevant as the latter has been caught offside from Hojlund's offload. The United captain may be a touch fortunate to escape a yellow card for knowingly delaying the restart by blazing out of play there.
Kamara needs some medical attention after pulling up in midfield. Emery, of course, has the ever-reliant Tielemans on the bench but will be hoping to not lose one of his key midfielders to injury.
Kamara is unable to continue and Emery reacts by sending on winger Diaby for the midfielder. His introduction may see Ramsey move further back, or McGinn could go and slot alongside Luiz in the base of Villa's midfield.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! VILLA EQUALISE! Finally, the hosts have their much-needed breakthrough as Luiz levels to make it 1-1. United survive the first scare from a corner as Onana denies Lenglet from point-blank range. The visitors scramble a clearance out to Diaby, who crashes a second volleyed delivery back into the six-yard box. Luiz is there, readying and waiting to tap into the roof of the net with a right-footed reactionary finish!
United have won 17 of their 28 Premier League away games against Villa – only the Red Devils themselves (19 against Everton) have beaten an opponent on the road more often in the competition. Ten Hag's side will have to respond now, though, after Luiz's leveller.
Shaw's half-time withdrawal has afforded Villa so much joy down United's left, with Bailey and Diaby causing all sorts of problems. Emery will be desperate for his side to continue focusing on that apparent weakness, with Lindelof struggling to cope.
SO CLOSE! United break with rapid pace as Garnacho bursts inside from the left flank, beating two defenders before curling a right-footed strike narrowly wide of the bottom-right corner. Martinez appears concerned but watches on gratefully as the United winger misses by the finest of margins.
In the build-up to Garnacho’s chance, Diaby takes the heels of Fernandes. Referee Jones remembers that, and cautions the Villa winger for his cynical trip near the left-hand touchline.
Diaby dances down the right flank before Ramsey steps over his cutback pass. Luiz takes too long, though, as Varane rushes out to block his left-footed drive from the edge of the United box.
Seemingly taking the defensive option, Ten Hag brings off winger Rashford for McTominay. That change may see Fernandes shifted out to the flanks.
Having caused Lindelof a fair few problems, Bailey's game comes to an end as Tielemans takes his place for Villa.
Luiz's leveller was his seventh goal this season, a new season-best for the Villa midfielder in the Premier League. Can the Brazilian add further damage to power the hosts to victory?
BIG CHANCE! Diaby's first cross is cleared by Dalot before McGinn swings another far-post delivery in. Dalot is again on hand but prods straight into the path of Luiz, who scuffs a left-footed effort straight at Onana when looking for the bottom-right corner. The Villa midfielder may rue that missed opportunity.
Each of Luiz's last nine Premier League goals have come at Villa Park, including all seven this season; this is the most by a player to score 100 per cent of their goals at a single ground in the competition in 2023-24. The Villa midfielder should have added another just moments ago, though.
Lindelof clips an aimless pass out of play, further encouraging the buoyant home crowd. Just over 10 minutes remain at Villa Park, where Emery's men will fancy their chances of a late winner.
DIABY MUST DO BETTER! Mainoo makes a mess of the bouncing ball, allowing Luiz to feed McGinn, who rolls into the inside right-hand channel for Diaby. The Villa winger has Watkins and Ramsey in support but curls a poor left-footed effort wide of Onana's top-left corner.
Watkins has been directly involved in 38 goals in 47 Premier League appearances for Villa under Emery (24 goals, 14 assists), averaging a goal or assist every 107 minutes. Of Villa players to play at least 1,000 minutes under a manager in the Premier League, only Christian Benteke under Tim Sherwood (goal or assist every 96 mins) has a better average. Watkins has twice been denied by Onana already, but can the England striker find the winner?
McGinn is furious after feeling he has broken away from Maguire, who pulls back on his shirt to concede a free-kick. Somehow, the United centre-back escapes further disciplinary action for his cynical foul.
Since winning 15 home Premier League games in a row between March and December 2023, Villa have won one of their last three (D1 L1), only conceding one fewer goal in the last three games (six) than they did across their entire 15 game winning run (seven). The hosts do not have long left to find a late winner here.
Casemiro angles a delightful diagonal pass for Dalot, who fails to beat Moreno and instead has to settle for a throw in front of the away supporters. The United right-back had so many options there but, for some reason, tried to go it alone and take the selfish option.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! UNITED HIT THE FRONT ONCE MORE! The away end explodes into chaotic celebrations as the Red Devils make it 2-1 with just over four minutes remaining. Having failed to beat Moreno moments before, Dalot makes amends with a delightful right-wing cross. McTominay has the run on Cash at the back post and powers a thumping header through the hands of Martinez. The Villa goalkeeper has no time to react and United’s Champions League dream is back alive!
Mainoo runs into the channel before offloading to Dalot, who curls an inviting right-wing cross towards the far post for McTominay to finish past Martinez with a smashing header.
Emery enters last-chance saloon. Villa send on attacker Zaniolo for holding-midfielder McGinn.
Digne makes his return from injury for the closing stages, replacing left-back Moreno.
Diaby steams around Lindelof but his far-post cross is poor, with Fernandes buying a cheap free-kick from a needless Digne foul. Emery cuts a frustrated figure on the touchline, with Villa set to drop further ground in the top-four race.
SAVE! With England manager Gareth Southgate in attendance, Watkins has the chance to be the late hero. Cash clips a simple right-wing cross towards the penalty spot, from which Watkins heads straight at Onana. That is the Villa striker's third shot on target from close range, but the United goalkeeper is again equal to the effort.
United supporters are making all the noise inside Villa Park as the fourth official indicates a minimum of six additional minutes. Can Emery's side find a late equaliser and, in turn, damage the Red Devils' growing top-four hopes?
Fernandes, almost acting as a second right-back alongside Dalot, makes a wonderful recovery tackle on Digne. That stoppage in play allows Ten Hag to bring off Hojlund, the scorer of the first goal, for Evans.
Mainoo has acted with expert brilliance belying his young age, despite playing on thin ice from his first-half yellow card. The United youngster comes off for Amrabat, who returns for the Red Devils after his Africa Cup of Nations with Morocco.
CLOSE! Cash decides to go it alone, cutting inside from the right-hand side before drilling a stinging left-footed effort towards the roof of Onana's goal. The United goalkeeper does not have any problems, though, catching the attempt with ease and eating into some more valuable seconds.
Time continues to tick on at Villa Park as United sit deep and defend their narrow lead. The visitors are in survival mode and, for now, will have a vital three points to take back to Manchester.
Zaniolo is the target but Carlos' hopeful deep delivery is comfortably claimed by Onana. Villa Park erupts into a frenzy of frustration, much to the delight of the vociferous away supporters in the near corner.
Think! Tielemans crashes through the back of Varane, conceding a needless and cheap free-kick that wastes more much-needed time for Villa. Emery's expression is blank on the touchline as the home side head towards another defeat.
FULL-TIME: ASTON VILLA 1-2 MANCHESTER UNITED
Man Utd boost their top-four hopes in the Premier League after a battling 2-1 victory over Villa on the road. Having watched Chelsea dump them out the FA Cup in midweek, Villa Park was once again disappointed when Maguire towered above Kamara from Fernandes’ corner to tee up Hojlund’s 17th-minute opener. That marked Hojlund’s fifth straight top-flight game that he has scored in before McGinn, Watkins and Ramsey all tested Onana in response to the early strike from the away side. Watkins was again denied by the United goalkeeper after the interval, only for Luiz to crash into the roof of the net to equalise after 67 minutes from Diaby’s hopeful right-wing centre. Emery’s men may have fancied their chances of a late winner, though it was the visitors who stepped up as McTominay thumped a header past Martinez from Dalot’s right-wing cross, stealing all three points four minutes from time. This victory takes Ten Hag’s men within five points of Villa and six away from fourth-placed Tottenham, ahead of their next game when they visit Luton Town on Sunday. Emery’s side are in desperate need of a response when they travel to Fulham on Saturday. That is all for now, until next time! Goodbye and thanks for following this live coverage from Villa Park.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Crystal Palace and Chelsea at Selhurst Park.
Roy Hodgson is facing increasing scrutiny from sections of Palace supporters after two disappointing defeats either side of a 3-2 victory over Sheffield United in their last home outing. The Eagles were hammered 5-0 by Arsenal before the Blades victory, following that poor showing at the Gunners with a 4-1 reverse on the road against fierce rivals Brighton. The Selhurst Park hosts are 15th in the Premier League but only five points away from the relegation zone and 18th-placed Everton.
Similar to Hodgson, questions have started to grow over the tenure of Mauricio Pochettino, whose side have suffered back-to-back humiliating Premier League defeats. Chelsea were thrashed 4-1 at Anfield against Liverpool at the end of January before losing 4-2 to Wolves at Stamford Bridge. The Blues, who somewhat atoned in midweek with an FA Cup victory over Aston Villa, sit 11th in the league table heading into this clash.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-2-3-1): Dean Henderson; Daniel Munoz, Joachim Andersen, Chris Richards, Tyrick Mitchell; Adam Wharton, Jefferson Lerma; Jordan Ayew, Will Hughes, Matheus Franca; Jean-Philippe Mateta.
SUBSTITUTES: Sam Johnstone, Joel Ward, James Tomkins, Jeffrey Schlupp, Nathaniel Clyne, Odsonne Edouard, Naouirou Ahamada, Jairo Riedewald, David Ozoh.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Djordje Petrovic; Malo Gusto, Axel Disasi, Thiago Silva, Ben Chilwell; Enzo Fernandez, Moises Caicedo; Noni Madueke, Conor Gallagher, Nicolas Jackson; Cole Palmer.
SUBSTITUTES: Raheem Sterling, Mykhailo Mudryk, Trevoh Chalobah, Carney Chukwuemeka, Christopher Nkunku, Levi Colwill, Cesare Casadei, Alfie Gilchrist, Lucas Bergstrom.
Hodgson opts for two alterations from the Brighton hammering. Wharton and Franca make their first Premier League starts for Palace, who are without Marc Guehi, while Schlupp drops down to the bench. Andersen captains the Eagles in the absence of his centre-back partner, with Richards moving back to slot in alongside the home side’s skipper. Eberechi Eze and Michael Olise remain out injured.
Pochettino makes one change from the win over Villa in midweek. The injured Benoit Badiashile drops out entirely for Silva, who starts despite recent rumours over his unhappiness with the Chelsea manager and ongoings at Stamford Bridge. Palmer leads the line once again, with Jackson and Madueke on either flank.
Palace’s 12 consecutive Premier League defeats against Chelsea is their longest losing run against an opponent in their league history. Can the Eagles stop the rot here? We’re about to find out as kick-off approaches at Selhurst Park…
Referee Michael Oliver gets this Premier League clash under way!
Chelsea have lost just two of their 19 Premier League matches on a Monday (W13 D4), winning six of their last seven (D1) since a 2-0 loss to Manchester United at Stamford Bridge in February 2020. The Blues have controlled possession in the early stages here.
Madueke stands up Franca before buying a cheap foul on the right-hand side. The Chelsea winger takes it quickly before Gusto's centre avoids Jackson's back-post run.
The Blues continue their dominance in possession but fail to keep it when Disasi clips down the line for Gusto. Palace are hardly pressing high, seemingly content to manage the game in front of their defence for the time being.
Mateta touches down a long free-kick before Ayew swivels and rolls a tame snapshot straight at Petrovic. That is the first shot on target at Selhurst Park, where Palace supporters are making all the noise.
Boasting numerous technical players, Pochettino's side are so comfortable working it around from side to side. The challenge remains for the Blues to penetrate the Palace defence, with Jackson and Palmer largely passengers so far.
Munoz hangs a deep cross towards the back post, where Gusto brings the ball down before swinging a clearance away with his weaker foot. Palace come again but Ayew's right-wing delivery fails to find the towering Mateta.
Referee Oliver takes an age to give the obvious decision as Chilwell needlessly pulls on the arms of Ayew. Despite a slow start, the Eagles are growing into this encounter, with a chance to cross from a wide free-kick coming after Fernandez hacks down Hughes.
Hughes hovers over the wide free-kick before delivering towards the far post, where Richards flicks a harmless header well wide of Petrovic's target.
Ayew has won 71 fouls in the Premier League this season, two more than any other player (Newcastle United's Bruno Guimaraes, 69). The Chelsea defence have no need to keep conceding cheap free-kicks against the Eagles forward.
Pass, pass and pass again. Chelsea are in complete control, as has been the case for most of this game in the opening stages, but they keep going backwards instead of finding the gaps in Henderson's defence.
Chelsea have lost five of their last six away Premier League games (W1), failing to keep a clean sheet in any of their last eight on the road in the league. The Blues seem solid defensively at Selhurst Park but Pochettino needs more in the way of attacking at the moment.
Lerma chips a delicate pass over the top on the counter-attack but Mateta is again caught on his heels and unable to break through on Petrovic's goal. Almost 20 minutes into this game, neither goalkeeper has been tested as of yet.
Chilwell slams a left-wing cross at Munoz and wins the first corner of this match. Gallagher delivers but Lerma clears with ease as the ball bounces through at the near post.
Chelsea had over 80 per cent possession over the opening 15 minutes of this game, yet it remains goalless at Selhurst Park. It would be expected for the Blues' possessional dominance to continue, though the visiting supporters have had little to get excited about so far.
SAVE! A warning sign for Chelsea. Gusto gives possession away and passes straight into Mateta, who curls a right-footed effort straight at Petrovic from the left of the area. The Palace striker barely threatened there.
Look left! Chelsea prioritised their right-hand side in the opening 20 minutes of this game, with 62 per cent of attacks from the visitors coming down that flank. Palmer and Jackson are slotting inside from the opposite winger, though Madueke is completely crowded out every time the Blues insist on attacking through him.
It remains a subdued encounter at Selhurst Park. Pochettino's side are playing this game like a training-ground exercise in possession, rather than attacking with any pace. Chilwell tries to inject some speed, going down after evading Munoz but the referee and VAR say no penalty.
This is typical Hodgson. Palace are so well-drilled and organised, sitting deep and heading, kicking and clearing any cross that comes towards Henderson's box. Whether the Eagles can profit on the counter-attack remains to be seen.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! 1-0 PALACE! Chelsea can only blame themselves as the Blues concede first at Selhurst Park. Caicedo and Madueke make a woeful attempt to round Mitchell, who tackles outside the visitors’ area and regains possession. Lerma pounces on the loose ball, cutting inside from the left before rifling a right-footed arrowing attempt into the top-right corner. Petrovic has no chance as the Palace midfielder is afforded far too much time from distance.
The gameplan is working! Hodgson's men have sacrificed any sort of possession, waiting for their chance on the counter-attack before a moment of magic from Lerma. Make no mistake, Chelsea have been poor and Pochettino needs a response immediately.
WIDE! Another chance comes for Palace on the break. Fernandez's wayward pass allows Mateta to break before the striker offloads to Franca, who fires a disappointing left-footed attempt well wide to Petrovic's left.
Caicedo stays down after the Franca opportunity. The Chelsea midfielder appears in some discomfort with a left-leg injury, receiving medical attention as the match comes to a temporary halt. The former Brighton man seems fine to continue, though.
Disasi and Petrovic fail to communicate as the former is forced to turn out for a throw-in, with Ayew lurking near the left-hand touchline. This has been a strange performance from Chelsea, although not one that is too unusual for their below-par season.
Any hopes the opening goal would inject a shock into Chelsea's system has gone amiss. The Blues look as slow and ponderous as when the game was level, with half-time soon approaching at Selhurst Park.
Mateta slides through for Munoz, who goes down inside the Chelsea box after a nudge from Silva and, perhaps, Chilwell. The referee waves play on and the VAR sticks with the on-field decision.
This is just the second time in their last 13 Premier League games against Chelsea that Palace have taken the lead, also doing so in October 2022, going on to lose that game 2-1 at Selhurst Park.
Gusto's right-wing centre has Gallagher interested before Andersen heads away. Chelsea have to find a way to get Palmer into this game, with their chief creative asset managing just 18 touches so far.
WIDE! Finally, Chelsea have an attempt at the Palace goal. Madueke twists and turns before rolling through to the right of goal for Gallagher, who drags a low drive wide of the left-hand post. The former Eagles loanee does not come back to haunt his former side on this occasion.
Owing to Caicedo's injury and Lerma's rocketed opener, there will be three additional minutes to end a drab first half devoid of much quality. That is, of course, discounting the fine opening strike from the Palace midfielder, who scored his first goal for the Eagles on his 22nd appearance for the club in all competitions.
Expect jeers from the away end at half-time. Chelsea have been so frustrating, content to work possession at walking pace and allowing Palace to sit deep and absorb pressure. Their toothless attack can only be matched by the Blues' mindless defending, too.
HALF-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 1-0 CHELSEA
Lerma's first goal for Palace has the Eagles leading 1-0 against Chelsea at half-time in the Premier League. The Selhurst Park hosts have offered little in attack, though all that matters is Lerma's rocketed finish into the top-right corner for the 30th-minute opener. The Blues are yet to have a shot on target and, based on their first-half performance, changes could be aplenty in the next period.
A penny for Pochettino's thoughts. The Chelsea boss has watched on in frustration, with his side managing just under 80 per cent possession before the interval, though that translated into only one shot as Gallagher missed the target on the stroke of half-time. While the visitors desperately need improvements, Hodgson's well-drilled hosts will just be asked for more of the same after the break.
Pochettino wastes no time at the break, sending Nkunku on as a half-time substitute for Madueke, who offered little despite seeing a lot of the ball down the right-hand side in the opening period.
After a lengthy delay for Oliver sorting his technical equipment, the referee gets the second half under way at Selhurst Park!
Chelsea completed 420 passes in the first half, the most in the opening 45 minutes of a Premier League game without having a shot on target on record (since data collection started in the 2003-04 season). They have to improve now, otherwise the Blues will suffer a humiliating and toothless defeat against their London rivals.
GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! CHELSEA EQUALISE IMMEDIATELY AFTER THE BREAK! It is so much better from the Blues, who level to make it 1-1 at Selhurst Park. Caicedo slides into Gusto, who evades France before pulling a right-wing cross towards the near post. Jackson leaves it for Gallagher and the Chelsea midfielder deals with the bouncing ball well to caress a right-footed finish past Henderson. The Eagles are thwarted by their former loanee and it is all to play for now!
Gusto is afforded far too much room down the right flank, driving forward before whipping a right-footed delivery that finds Gallagher, who expertly guides past Henderson.
Chelsea have won their last 12 Premier League games against Palace – they’ve never won 13 in a row against an opponent in their league history. Can the Blues kick-on from their early second-half leveller here?
BLOCK! Andersen turns behind for a corner as Chelsea continue to start brightly after the interval. Gallagher delivers towards the near post, where Silva flicks on and aims for the bottom-right corner. Mateta is on hand, though, making a last-ditch intervention in front of Henderson's goal.
Gallagher has scored 36 per cent of his Premier League goals at Selhurst Park (5/14), having played for Palace previously on loan. The Chelsea midfielder has his side back in this game here, too.
WIDE! Palmer is finding more space since being moved to the right-hand side, cutting onto his left foot before driving a low left-footed effort wide to Henderson's left. The Blues appear an entirely different team already.
Gallagher throws his arms in the air after a foul is given for a nudge on Hughes. Pochettino is unimpressed on the touchline as well, with the free-kick buying Palace some much-needed breathing room.
Can Gallagher prove the hero once more for the visitors? Out of his 14 Premier League strikes, 11 have either drawn his side level (four) or put them one goal in the lead (seven). The Blues midfielder has also scored more top-flight goals against Palace (three) than he has against any other team.
Having played out a drab struggle in the first half, this game has become open in the second period and is a far more end-to-end spectacle. Palmer cuts inside and chops through for Jackson, who is needlessly caught offside from slow reactions to the initial move.
Palmer almost carves open the Palace defence from the halfway line but Andersen makes a wonderful sliding intervention. Chelsea look the far more likely to add to the scoreline at Selhurst Park.
There are some muted appeals for handball as Chilwell's delivery strikes Munoz, though the referee waves play on. Down the other end, Silva is forced into a sliding block when Mateta pulls the trigger. The Chelsea centre-back immediately puts his hand in the air and could require medical attention here.
Having dived to block Mateta's close-range effort, Silva gets back to his feet after some medical treatment and appears unable to continue. The Chelsea centre-back limps off for Colwill.
WIDE! After scoring the opening goal, Lerma fancies adding another to his tally. Hughes swings a left-sided corner towards the far post, where the Palace midfielder rises the highest but heads well wide of Petrovic's target.
Pochettino has won 12 of his 14 Premier League meetings with Palace (D1 L1), more than he’s managed against any other opponent. The Chelsea manager needs another second-half goal to continue that record, though.
Munoz overlaps Ayew but cannot wrap his foot around the cross as Petrovic claims at the near post. Palace have offered little in the way of attacking threat since half-time.
Richards races across on the cover to clear behind when Jackson threatens to break past the Palace defence. Chilwell takes the right-sided corner, delivering towards the near post before Ayew clears.
OVER! Chelsea are ramping up the pressure. Caicedo glides past Mitchell before Munoz flicks away at the back post. Chilwell receives possession on the edge of the area before blazing a left-footed drive over.
CLOSE! Palace have their backs against the wall at Selhurst Park. Gallagher finds a pocket of space in the inside right-hand channel before his curling cross is headed wide by Jackson, who misses the target to Henderson's right.
Lerma is cautioned for dissent after exchanging one too many choice words with referee Oliver.
Nkunku has scored two goals in five Premier League appearances for Chelsea, both as a sub and has ended on the losing side in both, against Wolves and Liverpool. He’s one of only two players to score in more than one Premier League game for the Blues and lose both, along with Laurent Charvet. Can the France international make a late impact here?
The Chelsea players surround referee Oliver after Andersen climbs over the back of Nkunku. The visitors want a penalty but have to settle for a left-sided corner after the VAR sticks with the original decision.
There is an initial delay from Chelsea's corner as Andersen and Colwill shove one another inside the Palace box. Once referee Oliver has calmed the situation down, Gallagher delivers towards the far post, where Richards easily heads away.
HUGE STOP! Palace seem to be settling for a point but the Eagles almost strike against the run of play. Franca bursts through the middle before unleashing a fizzing right-footed rocket towards the bottom-left corner. Petrovic sees it all the way, though, and parries away a vital save.
SAVE! Palmer capitalises on a loose ball before dancing inside and slotting a left-footed strike through Richards' legs. Henderson, despite being unsighted, stays central and makes a routine stop in the middle of his goal.
Pochettino makes his second change, bringing Sterling on for the ineffective Jackson, who failed to have a shot on target in this game.
Hodgson also makes an alteration, introducing Ahamada for midfielder Hughes.
Hughes created more chances (four) than any other player in the match before going off, only once previously has he created more chances in a Premier League game (five for Watford against West Ham in November 2017).
Munoz hacks down the marauding Chilwell, conceding a free-kick in a dangerous position and also a yellow card for his cynical foul.
Chilwell and Gallagher hover over the wide free-kick before the former's delivery is cleared towards the edge of the area. Palmer rifles a first-time effort back towards Henderson's target but the Palace defence stand firm and block.
Gallagher scored his first Premier League goal of the season, with his 29th shot, only Tottenham's Pedro Porro had more attempts without scoring (37) in the competition this term than the Chelsea midfielder before this game. Can the former Palace loanee inflict further damage in the closing stages?
Palmer opens up the Palace defence with a deft throughball but Sterling's touch is poor and the hosts recover. The former Liverpool and Manchester City forward has to do better from there.
Gusto, who assisted Gallagher's leveller, makes way for Gilchrist. The Chelsea right-back seems far from impressed with that decision.
Franca did well on his first Premier League start but comes off for Edouard, who will add further height to Palace's attack.
Palace want a free-kick and what would appear to be a red card for Colwill, who lunges and brings down Mateta outside the area as the last Blues defender. However, referee Oliver deems the Palace striker to have come through the back of the Chelsea centre-back, awarding a free-kick to the visitors instead.
Edouard dispossesses Caicdeo before gliding around numerous Chelsea tackles, eventually driving a left-footed effort that Chilwell blocks in front of Petrovic's goal. That was a late scare for the visitors.
Chelsea have won four of their last six Premier League London derbies (D1 L1), including each of their last three, having failed to win six on the bounce prior to this run. However, the Blues need a late salvaging act to steal all three points here.
SAVE! Fernandez goes down and wins a free-kick after Ayew's late challenge from behind. The Argentina midfielder fails to find a team-mate inside the area, though Sterling keeps it alive with a left-wing cross. Disasi rises the highest but heads straight at Henderson from close range.
GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! CHELSEA SURELY WIN IT AT THE DEATH! Of all the people, former Palace loanee Gallagher doubles his account and sends the Blues 2-1 up with just a matter of minutes remaining. It is a crushing blow at Selhurst Park as Sterling rolls down the right for Palmer, who cuts back towards the edge of the area. Gallagher arrives late, whipping a first-time right-footed effort into the bottom-left corner. Henderson has no chance at seeing through numerous bodies and the Eagles are dealt a sucker-punch.
Palmer, who has been unusually quiet in this game, makes the most of a counter-attack before pulling back for Gallagher to curl past Henderson. A rapid Chelsea break will likely prove the difference.
Disasi is cautioned for his overzealous celebrations after Gallagher's late goal, which will surely prove to be the winner for the visitors.
Out of his 15 Premier League strikes, 12 of Gallagher's top-flight goals have either drawn his side level (four) or put them one goal in the lead (eight). The Blues midfielder has also scored more goals against Palace (four) in the competition than he has against any other team. What a time to step up!
GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! CHELSEA SEAL IT! The away supporters erupt as the Blues strike twice in quick succession to make it 3-1 against Palace. The Eagles are in desperate search of a leveller, leaving themselves exposed at the back. Caicedo clears the initial free-kick, with Palmer bursting free before slotting a delicate pass through for Fernandez. The Argentina midfielder sits Munoz down, cutting inside before lifting a right-footed finish into the top-left corner!
Big player, big moments. Palmer, with the game seemingly edging towards a draw, steps up with his second assist in as many minutes. The Chelsea midfielder waits and waits before finding Fernandez, who converts coolly past Henderson.
From the touchline, Jackson speeds over to the Chelsea fans to celebrate Fernandez's late strike. The Blues striker is cautioned, despite being brought off earlier in the half!
Selhurst Park is emptying at a rapid pace as Nkunku sees a deflected strike sent behind for a corner. Palace are beaten and the full-time whistle will soon be upon us.
FULL-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 1-3 CHELSEA
Jeers ring around Selhurst Park as Chelsea make it 13 straight wins against Palace in the Premier League with a 3-1 comeback triumph. Pochettino’s side were woeful in the first half, sloppy in possession and eventually punished when Lerma rocketed in his 30th-minute opener that was also his first goal for the club. Sending on Nkunku at the break, the Blues immediately responded as former Eagles loanee Gallagher swept home from Gusto’s right-wing centre. This London derby seemed destined for a point apiece as the game wore on, only for Gallagher to double his account and make it 2-1 with a 92nd-minute finish from Palmer’s cutback pass. Palmer would add his second assist just minutes later, breaking away on the counter-attack before rolling through for Fernandez to coolly beat Henderson. It is a cruel blow for Hodgson’s side, who are 15th and just five points clear of 18th-placed Everton – Palace's next opponents on Monday at Goodison Park. Chelsea sit 10th in the league table before visiting Manchester City on Saturday. Until then, Gallagher will be the toast of the blue side of west London. That is all we have time for here, until next time – goodbye for now!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Liverpool and Burnley at Anfield.
Liverpool's 15-match unbeaten streak in the Premier League ended with a disappointing 3-1 loss to fellow title challengers Arsenal in their previous match. The Reds were level at half-time after a far-from-stellar display before a defensive mix-up between the ever-reliable Alisson Becker and Virgil van Dijk gifted Gabriel Martinelli an open goal. Ibrahima Konate was then sent off, and Leandro Trossard scored a third for the Gunners in an utterly forgettable display from Jurgen Klopp's men. Liverpool's defeat handed control of the title race back to Manchester City, who beat Everton earlier today to move to the top of the league. Liverpool will return to the summit with a victory over Burnley, but they will have played one more match than the Citizens, piling the pressure on the meeting between the two giants of English football on March 10.
Burnley have only won three of their 23 Premier League matches this season and are in 19th place, seven points from safety and in trouble of an immediate return to the Championship. However, the Clarets will gain encouragement from their 2-2 comeback draw against Fulham at Turf Moor, with Chelsea loanee David Datro Fofana coming off the bench to net a brace on his home debut. Vincent Kompany will be hoping for a shock away win at Anfield that would break Liverpool's 23-match unbeaten streak at home in the league and could start an unlikely revival for Burnley. A triumph for the Belgian would also help Manchester City in their pursuit of the title, with the former defender spending 11 years of his playing career at the club, winning four Premier Leagues and having a statue outside the Etihad Stadium.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Caoimhin Kelleher; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Jarell Quansah, Virgil van Dijk, Andy Robertson; Alexis Mac Allister, Wataru Endo, Curtis Jones; Diogo Jota, Darwin Nunez, Luis Diaz.
LIVERPOOL SUBS: Adrian, Cody Gakpo, Harvey Elliott, Kostas Tsimikas, Ryan Gravenberch, Bobby Clark, James McConnell, Lewis Koumas, Fabian Mrozek.
BURNLEY (4-4-2): James Trafford; Lorenz Assignon, Dara O’Shea, Maxime Esteve, Hannes Delcroix; Josh Brownhill, Sander Berge, Aaron Ramsey, Wilson Odobert; David Datro Fofana, Zeki Amdouni.
BURNLEY SUBS: Jack Cork, Jay Rodriguez, Benson Manuel, Hjalmar Ekdal, Vitinho, Josh Cullen, Jacob Bruun Larsen, Han-Noah Massengo, Arijanet Muric.
Liverpool make five changes to the side that lost 3-1 to Arsenal in their previous Premier League outing. Manager Klopp suggested that his squad were "fighting with a bit of flu” in his pre-match press conference, with Alisson and Joe Gomez out of the squad. Kelleher appears in goal and Robertson comes in at left-back for his first start since returning from injury. Quansah also replaces the suspended Konate at centre-back. Endo is back from the Asia Cup and is preferred ahead of Gravenberch in the midfield, with Nunez replacing Gakpo in the attack. Dominik Szoboszlai remains out after missing the game against the Gunners and Conor Bradley is unavailable.
Burnley make three alterations to the team that drew 2-2 with Fulham in their last match. Fofana netted a brace off the bench against the Cottagers and is rewarded with a start up front. Foster is not in the squad. Esteve comes in at centre-back for Ekdal, with Delcroix replacing Vitinho at full-back. There was some hope that defender Charlie Taylor would be fit enough for the trip to Anfield, but he misses out.
Liverpool have won eight of their last 10 Premier League games against Burnley (drawing one and losing one), winning each of the previous four in a row by an aggregate score of 8-0. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Burnley get this Premier League clash under way at Anfield.
Jota puts Esteve under pressure and wins possession off the defender on the right just inside Burnley's half, but gives away a free-kick. Quick start from the Reds.
It will be interesting to see if Kompany is brave enough to stick to his usual tactics, with Burnley looking to play the ball out of the back since his arrival before the start of last season. Liverpool are known for their relentless pressing and will be looking to win possession in advanced positions. Burnley are averaging 9.4 sequences of 10 or more passes in open play in the Premier League this season. It’s almost twice as many as their next highest campaign on record (since 2014-15) in the competition (4.8 per game in 2017-18).
Trafford receives the possession inside the Burnley box, with Nunez pressing him with intensity. The goalkeeper waits until the final second to clear the ball up the pitch, with the Anfield crowd appreciating the sprinting run from their striker.
Ramsey spins past Jones on the turn just inside Burnley's half and wins a free-kick off the Liverpool midfielder. Trafford goes long and attempts to launch the ball into a dangerous area, but the Reds keep a high line and clear it away.
Burnley have started well and are enjoying a spell in Liverpool's half. However, when they have approached the Reds' box, they have lost possession with a loose pass. Endo is doing his best to regain the ball for the hosts, sitting just ahead of the defence.
OFFSIDE! Good chance for Burnley. Mac Allister loses possession on the halfway line, allowing Burnley to spring a quick counter. Amdouni collects the ball in Liverpool's half and slides a pass down the right to Fofana, who could put a cross into the box but goes for an ambitious chip, curling his effort against the top of the bar. The flag then goes up for offside against the striker.
SAVE! Burnley have an early chance to take the lead. Amdouni receives the ball down the left side of the Liverpool box after a clever flick from Fofana, and he tries to get a shot away from a tight angle at close range, but Kelleher comes off his line quickly to block his attempt.
Burnley have won just one of their last nine away league games against Liverpool, drawing two and losing six. It was a 1-0 victory in January 2021, which ended the Reds’ 68-game unbeaten run at Anfield in the Premier League.
Diaz drives through the heart of Burnley's half before offloading a pass down the right to Jota, who drives inside with possession. The Portugal international then plays the ball across to Alexander-Arnold, with the right-back blasting a first-time effort from outside the box over the bar.
O'Shea goes into the book after preventing a quick goal-kick for Liverpool. A poor yellow card to receive for the Burnley man.
OVER! Nunez protects the ball well on the right and attempts to chip a cross into the middle, but the Burnley defence clear it away. The ball is then headed back to Jones on the edge, who slices a first-time strike over.
Diaz gets to a header before O'Shea and tries to race around the defence, with there being plenty of space behind the Burnley backline. However, the ball runs off the surface and goes to Trafford, who is off his line quickly to collect it just inside the box.
Odobert collects the ball on the left and skips past Quansah, who slides him to the floor and is shown a yellow card. Crossing opportunity for Burnley.
Ramsey is over a free-kick on the left, but his cross is headed away by Liverpool, who come forward on the counter. Diaz races down the left and retains possession before sliding a pass into Nunez, but he is put under pressure and loses it.
Odobert is not afraid of taking on the Liverpool defence on the left, with the winger getting to the byline before being challenged by Robertson, who makes a strong tackle and wins a goal-kick.
Liverpool have struggled to gain control over Burnley and are yet to have a shot on target from their three attempts. Jones and Mac Allister have struggled to get involved, with the pair combining for just 17 touches in the midfield.
Jota flicks the ball past Brownhill on the right and wins a free-kick. The Burnley captain is then shown the third yellow card of the game.
There is no surprise to see Alexander-Arnold and Robertson over the free-kick on the right. The former floats a cross into the middle, but Berge heads it away under little pressure.
Jones drives a pass down the left to Robertson, who wins Liverpool's first corner after his cross from the byline is blocked. The left-back then sends an outswinging ball into the box, but Burnley clear it away again. It has been a flat performance from the Reds, who haven't gone close to breaking the deadlock.
GOALLLLL! JOTA SCORES! 1-0 LIVERPOOL! The hosts take the lead with their first shot on target. Alexander-Arnold's outswinging corner from the right is put into a promising area, with Trafford unable to deal with it in the middle of the box. It goes past his gloves and through to Jota, who has a simple-headed finish. Trafford thinks he's fouled in the middle, but the referee ignores his ambitious claims.
Alexander-Arnold gets another assist to his name with a delightful delivery from a corner. Trafford will be disappointed that he couldn't collect the ball, but the cross from the right finds Jota, who heads in from close range.
Endo goes into the book for a tactical foul around the halfway line on Fofana.
Liverpool have avoided defeat in their last 19 matches when scoring the opening goal in the Premier League dating back to April 1 2023 against Manchester City (losing 4-1).
BLOCK! Huge opportunity for Liverpool to double their lead. The Reds are patient with possession on the edge of Burnley's box and are trying to work space for an opening. Jones has it on the left and he slides a pass through to Robertson, who has all the sting of his shot from close range taken out by the sliding O'Shea.
CHANCE! It's all Liverpool at the moment. Nunez escapes the offside trap and races down the right to get onto the end of a smart throughball by Alexander-Arnold. He cuts it across to Diaz, who has his sliding effort from close range saved by Trafford.
Endo collects the ball on the left and lofts a right-footed cross towards Jota. He goes to the ground after being held by Delcroix and wants a penalty, but nothing is given.
Odobert collects possession on the left and is not put under any pressure by the Liverpool defence. The winger has a shot from outside of the box, but he drags his right-footed effort well wide of the right post.
Diaz has the ball on the left and drives inside looking to get a shot away before playing a one-two with Jones. The winger then moves inside again looking to shoot, but his strike is quickly blocked.
Endo rolls a pass through to Diaz, who sends a spinning shot from the edge of the box straight at Trafford.
GOALLLL! O'SHEA SCORES! 1-1! A deserved equaliser for Burnley. It's another goal that comes from a corner, with Brownhill curling an outswinging cross onto the head of O'Shea. The defender loses Endo and powers his header across the goal and into the top-right corner.
That's certainly a captain's contribution from Brownhill. The cross from the midfielder seems to be floating away from the danger area, but O'Shea takes a step back to move into space and heads his effort into the top corner. Kelleher went diving across to his right, but he was getting nowhere near it.
There will be three minutes of additional time.
Delcroix does brilliantly to stay with the speedy Jota and block the ball out for a corner on the right. Burnley clear the original pressure before Jones chips a cross from the left towards Diaz. He goes for an ambitious overhead kick that is saved by Trafford down to his left.
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 1-1 BURNLEY
Burnley centre-back O'Shea powered in a header just before half-time to net a deserved equaliser against Liverpool and send the teams into the tunnel with the score 1-1. The Clarets had the better chances in the opening exchanges, with Amdouni going the closest. He drove down the left with the ball, but his strike from close range was blocked by Kelleher. The Reds then took the lead with their first effort on target. Alexander-Arnold's outswinging corner wasn't dealt with by the onrushing Trafford, allowing Jota to head in for a simple opener. Diaz's first-time strike was then saved well by the Clarets' goalkeeper before the visitors levelled. Brownhill's corner from the right was met by O'Shea, who escaped Endo and crashed his accurate header into the top-right corner.
Liverpool were sloppy before Jota's opener and only looked like they were in control after they took the lead. The Reds have had nine shots and created a higher xG (expected goals) than Burnley (0.84 to 0.35) but haven't been convincing. However, they have been boosted by the return of Robertson at left-back, with the Scotland international constantly looking to make overlapping runs down the wing to support Diaz. As for the Clarets, they have done well and will be delighted with the half-time score. The visitors have countered well, but they must make more of the opportunities that they create. Their passing accuracy of just 65.1 per cent in the final third suggests Kompany's men must be more careful in possession.
Liverpool make a change before the restart. Right-back Alexander-Arnold, who assisted Jota's goal, is replaced by Elliott.
Liverpool get the ball rolling again. Klopp will be hoping for a better second-half display.
Burnley have won none of their 11 Premier League games against sides starting the day top of the table (drawing five and losing six). Meanwhile, Liverpool are unbeaten in six against sides in the relegation zone (winning four and drawing two), having lost four of their previous six such matches (winning two).
Robertson lofts a high, outswinging cross from the left towards the back of the box. Jota is completely free, but he cannot get any power on his effort and knocks it straight into Trafford's gloves.
Jones has moved to right-back in the absence of Alexander-Arnold, who came off at half-time with a possible injury. Even if it was only precautionary, Klopp will be hoping that it is nothing serious, with the England international crucial to the way they play.
GOALLLL! DIAZ SCORES! 2-1 LIVERPOOL! The Reds are ahead for a second time. The ball drops to Elliott on the right, with the substitute waiting for options before sliding a pass across to Diaz, who bundles it in from close range with his head. There are VAR checks both for offside and a foul, but the goal stands.
Elliot looks to be onside from the replays, but the VAR checks continue. There was also a possible foul by Mac Allister on Ramsay, but the goal stands. An anxious wait for Diaz, who didn't celebrate much when he scored.
Kompany is furious in the dugout and goes into the book. He thinks Ramsey was fouled by Mac Allister in the build-up, but the goal stands. The Clarets manager will now miss their next match against Arsenal.
Jota is involved for the first time in the second half, with the winger driving down the right trying to get past Delcroix. However, the Burnley man sticks to his task and shields it out for a goal-kick. Superb work from the defender.
Robertson's inswinging corner is headed out as far as Mac Allister, who has his effort from distance blocked. Liverpool retain possession and the ball goes out to Jota on the left side of the box, but his right-footed strike is also blocked. Van Dijk was waiting for a cutback after staying up from the corner.
Endo combines smartly with Mac Allister on the halfway line, with the former breaking through the middle of the pitch before slotting a pass down the left to Robertson. His cross is headed back to Jota, who slices an effort well wide from the right side of the box.
OFFSIDE! Trafford makes a top save before the flag goes up for offside. Endo switches possession over to Robertson on the left, who swings a low cross into the path of Nunez. The striker is free in the middle, but his first-time effort is saved by Trafford before the flag goes up.
HUGE CHANCE FOR BURNLEY! The Clarets won't get a better opportunity than that to level the score. Fofana makes the most of a mistake from Quansah and gets to the edge of the box. He is one-on-one with Kelleher, but the goalkeeper makes himself big to stop it. Odobert is there for the rebound, with the winger shooting well wide of the target.
WIDE! Another massive miss from Fofana, and Kompany can't believe it. Fofana gets onto the end of a flick from Amdouni and rushes down the left side of the box. He moves possession onto his stronger right foot for a shot. However, he curls his effort wide of the right post.
Van Dijk clears the ball down the left and gives Nunez something to chase in the Burnley half. However, Esteve matches the run of the striker and stops him from breaking away before getting fouled.
Nunez is frustrated after giving away a foul. He boots the ball away and is shown a yellow card.
SAVE! Trafford makes a good stop. Diaz drives towards the edge of the box and rolls a pass down the left to Jota. He shifts possession onto his right foot and curls a shot across the goal, but Trafford gets across to push it behind.
WIDE! Liverpool are now having the better opportunities to score. Robertson's corner from the right is cleared away, but the Reds recycle possession well and it comes back to the Scotland international. His cross is headed across by Van Dijk to Quansah, who blasts his effort just wide of the left post.
62 per cent of Burnley’s points in the Premier League this season have come away from home (8/13), the highest proportion in the division. However, despite this, the Clarets have won just one of their last eight league games on the road (drawing one and losing six), a 2-0 victory at Fulham in December. They have had huge chances to score their second goal.
Robertson is over a free-kick in a wide position on the left and he curls a cross onto the head of Van Dijk. The captain has a free header, but he powers his downward effort straight at Trafford.
Esteve goes down after the latest chance for Liverpool and needs treatment. It gives both sets of players a chance to get refreshments before the match restarts. Esteve is back to his feet and will be able to continue.
GOALLLL! NUNEZ SCORES! 3-1 LIVERPOOL! The Reds add a priceless third goal to put the match beyond Burnley. Robertson's corner from the left is headed away as far as Jota, who has a shot blocked before finding Elliot with a pass. The substitute lifts a cross over to Nunez, who sends a downward header into the bottom-left corner.
Klopp will be delighted with Elliott, who he brought on at half-time. Creating the second goal for Diaz, he finds Nunez with a delightful cross, allowing the striker to get his head on it and send it past Trafford.
Burnley make two changes straight after Liverpool's goal. Esteve has impressed on his first start for Burnley and is now being replaced by Vitinho.
Kompany has also decided to alter the midfield. Ramsey is off for Massengo.
Liverpool make a change in the attack. Diaz scored the Reds' second goal and is now coming off for Gakpo.
Liverpool were far from convincing in the first half, but they have deserved their lead in the second. The Reds have had 12 shots compared to Burnley's three. The hosts have also created an xG total of 1.28 since the restart.
Burnley make their third alteration. Amdouni, who had a massive opportunity to give the Clarets the lead in the first half, is replaced in the attack by Bruun Larsen.
The tempo has decreased since Nunez scored Liverpool's third goal to double their lead. Burnley had a strong spell earlier in the half, where Fofana missed two big opportunities, but they have seemed to have lost hope of getting anything out of this match.
Robertson sends an outswinging corner into the box from the left, but Nunez heads the ball well over the bar.
There will be eight minutes of additional time.
Burnley win a free-kick around the halfway line and Trafford looks to cause problems in the Liverpool box with a direct ball, but Liverpool clear it away. Quansah has been immense in Konate's absence.
Elliott skips inside from the right and switches the play over to Nunez, who takes a poor touch on the left and allows Burnley players to get back. The striker then rolls a pass across to Mac Allister, who fires a first-time strike from the edge wide of the left post.
CHANCE! Nunez should score again! He does brilliantly to control a long pass forward, getting between the two Burnley centre-backs for a glorious chance. However, he fires his strike straight at Trafford, who comes out quickly.
There is a straight swap at left-back, with the returning Robertson coming off for Tsimikas.
Clark is also given an opportunity in front of the Anfield crowd, with Mac Allister given a rest.
Klopp has decided to give some young players a chance to impress in the final stages. McConnell is on for Endo.
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 3-1 BURNLEY
Liverpool move back to the top of the Premier League table with a 3-1 win over Burnley at Anfield. The Clarets were the better side in the opening exchanges, but Liverpool scored the opener through Jota, who headed in Alexander-Arnold’s corner after Trafford failed to deal with it. O’Shea then powered in a header just before half-time, but the visitors couldn't build any momentum after the restart. Elliott came off the bench and played a vital role in the Reds’ further two goals. First getting down the right side of the box, he waited for options before finding Diaz, who bundled in a header from close range. The substitute then lofted a cross from the right over to Nunez, with the striker powering a downward header past Trafford. The Clarets had opportunities earlier in the second half when they were one goal behind, but they lacked a clinical edge. Fofana twice went one-on-one with Kelleher. However, he crashed his first effort straight at the goalkeeper before curling his strike wide second time around. Next up, Liverpool travel to Brentford in the Premier League, with Burnley hosting Arsenal.
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Luton Town and Sheffield United at Kenilworth Road.
Luton played out a thrilling 4-4 draw away at Newcastle United last time out and will be hoping to replicate a similar attacking display against Chris Wilder’s side. The Hatters have scored four goals in each of their last two Premier League fixtures, having beaten Brighton 4-0 in their game before their trip to St James’ Park. Luton are unbeaten in their last four home league matches against the Blades (W1 D3), with their last loss coming in a 6-3 defeat back in December 1994. A win could see Rob Edwards’ men climb to 15th place in the table.
Sheffield United have shipped 59 goals in 23 Premier League games this season. The last top-flight side to concede 60 goals as few as 24 games into a season was Ipswich Town in 1963-64 (24th game), while the record in the Premier League era is Barnsley in 1997-98 (60th goal in 25th game). Wilder’s men will need to see a drastic improvement today after conceding five goals at home to Aston Villa in their previous fixture. With the Blades sitting at the bottom of the Premier League table, 10 points adrift of safety, they will be desperately looking for three points today to build some momentum in their fight to stay in the division.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-2-1): Thomas Kaminski; Amari'i Bell, Gabriel Osho, Reece Burke; Alfie Doughty, Ross Barkley, Albert Sambi Lokonga, Chiedozie Ogbene; Carlton Morris, Jordan Clark; Elijah Adebayo.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: Luke Berry, Cauley Woodrow, Issa Kabore, Tahith Chong, Teden Mengi, Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu, Jacob Brown, Tim Krul, Andros Townsend.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (5-4-1): Wes Foderingham; Jack Robinson, Anel Ahmedhodzic, Mason Holgate, Rhys Norrington-Davies, Jayden Bogle; Ben Osborn, Gustavo Hamer, Vinicius Souza, James McAtee; Cameron Archer.
SHEFFIELD UNITED SUBS: Max Lowe, Auston Trusty, Rhian Brewster, Oliver Norwood, Tom Davies, Yasser Larouci, William Osula, Andre Brooks, Jordan Amissah.
Edwards has made one change from his team’s 4-4 draw against Newcastle last time out. In defence, Mengi drops out of the starting XI and is named among the substitutes. Burke will come into the side to replace him. The 27-year-old will make his ninth Premier League start of the season.
Meanwhile, Wilder has made four changes from Sheffield United’s previous fixture against Aston Villa. In defence, Robinson comes into the starting XI with Trusty dropping to the bench. In midfield, Brooks and Ben Brereton-Diaz drop out, with Osborn and Hamer given a start. Up top, Archer comes in for Osula.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
The Hatters are continuing to pressure the opposition goal and they now have a corner. Doughty will take it over on the right-hand side and he sends an inswinging delivery towards the front post, but Hamer can head it clear. The Blades now look to counter-attack as it's spread out wide to McAtee, but Lokonga does superbly to intercept and regain possession for Luton.
McAtee gets the game under way for Sheffield United at Kenilworth Road!
Norrington-Davies looks like his game could be over already. He's gone down in need of treatment and he's quickly waved over to the bench. He looks in some discomfort and there is activity among the substitutes. Sheffield United may be forced into an early change at Kenilworth Road.
Wilder makes his first change of the game as Norrington-Davies is unable to continue. Lowe will come on in his place.
Luton will now have an opportunity from a free-kick after Doughty was brought down near the byline. The left-back will take and he delivers towards the back post. Osho rises above his marker and attempts to head towards goal, but he can't direct it goalwards and it goes behind for a goal-kick to Sheffield United.
Holgate goes into the book for a late challenge on Morris as Luton look to attack. He's going to have to tread carefully for the remainder of the game.
Luton will have another chance to fill the box from a free-kick after Lowe upended Ogbene. Barkley is standing over it and he's going to send it into the penalty area. It's whipped into the middle, but Souza is able to head it clear. Luton take a quick throw-in as they keep men forward, but it comes to nothing and Sheffield United force them back towards their own goal.
Morris and Doughty link up well on the left-hand side and the latter gets to the byline before attempting to deliver into the box. He drives it into the danger zone, but Foderingham comes out to collect. The Hatters are getting plenty of joy out wide in the early stages of the game, and Sheffield United need to tighten up at the back.
Lokonga sends a superb crossfield ball to Ogbene who collects on the right-hand side of the attack. He plays it back towards Barkley who twists and turns before spotting the run of Adebayo beyond the Sheffield United defence. He sends a searching throughball towards the Luton striker, but it's a little too heavy and it goes straight into the hands of Foderingham.
Osborn brings Barkley down from behind and Luton are awarded a free-kick, not too far outside of the Sheffield United penalty area. Barkley has his hands on his hips as he readies himself and he floats it to the back post. Adebayo is there to head it back into the middle, but the Blades are able to clear away from danger. It eventually falls to Burke just outside the box, but his shot is deflected behind for a corner.
Luton are looking to get the ball into the penalty area at every opportunity, producing seven crosses since the game got under way. The Hatters have only managed two shots so far, but are yet to test Foderingham between the sticks so far. Edwards' side have dominated the possession, keeping 65.2 per cent of the ball.
Sheffield United look to counter-attack as Bogle drives forward, evading the challenges of multiple Luton players, but Bell is eventually there to prevent any danger. The Blades regain possession and look to sustain pressure, but once again the Hatters get back in numbers to crowd out the opposition and win the ball back. Wilder's side are sitting deep and hoping to hit Luton in transition.
Hamer is the second player to go into the book after bringing down Barkley as Luton looked to counter.
What a chance! Sheffield United fill the box from a throw-in and Holgate launches it in. The ball is headed away but nodded back into the penalty area and Archer finds himself in space just outside the six-yard box. He only has the goalkeeper to beat, but he somehow puts it wide! He will be disappointed not to have hit the target from there!
Assist Max Josef Lowe
GOOOOAAAAALLL!! 1-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED!!! Lowe sends a searching ball behind the Luton defence and Archer is chasing it down. He gets there before Osho, knocks it past him, and drives into the penalty area. He’s one-on-one with Kaminski once again, but this time he makes no mistake, slotting the ball in at the near post! The Blades have the lead!
Almost an instant reply from Luton! Ogbene receives the ball just outside the penalty area and he has Adebayo to his right. He plays it into the path of the striker inside the box, and he attempts a first-time shot across goal, but it whistles past the far post and goes behind for a goal-kick to Sheffield United.
Hold on, the referee is heading to the VAR monitor. He's checking to see if there could be a penalty for the Blades. Souza won a header from a corner, but it appeared to hit the hand of Burke. He's given it! Penalty to Sheffield United!
GOOOOAAAAALLL!! 2-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED! The referee awarded a penalty to the Blades after Burke was adjudged to have handled inside the box. McAtee steps up to take it… and he rolls it into the corner of the net, sending Kaminski the wrong way! Luton have a mountain to climb now after a superb performance from Wilder’s side so far.
Luton might feel that they're slightly unfortunate to be 2-0 down after a few moments of madness, but the Blades have looked a threat on the counter-attack in today's game. Wilder's men have been clinical when it mattered and are now sitting deep as they hope to hold onto their lead before the half-time whistle.
Morris is the latest player to be booked after bringing down Hamer as Sheffield United looked to counter.
Doughty finds Adebayo inside the Sheffield United penalty area, and he gets the ball out of his feet before looking to curl a strike towards the top corner, but it's deflected behind for a corner. Doughty will take and he floats it towards the back post. Osho comes flying in, but he commits a foul and the Blades are awarded a free-kick.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of five minutes of added time at the end of the first half.
Luton have yet another corner, their fifth of the game so far. Doughty delivers and Burke wins the initial header, sending it towards goal. Foderingham comes out to collect but he can't quite get there, and the referee blows for a foul on the goalkeeper. Souza is down after colliding with Foderingham, but he's back on his feet shortly after and play resumes with a free-kick to Sheffield United.
HALF-TIME: LUTON TOWN 0-2 SHEFFIELD UNITED
Luton Town go into the break 2-0 down at home to Sheffield United. Edwards' side dominated the possession in the first half, but they couldn't create too many opportunities, with the Blades defending deep. Wilder's men looked to hit the opposition on the counter-attack at every opportunity, and it paid off as Archer raced through on goal before slotting the ball into the back of the net to give the Blades the lead. Shortly after, the referee halted the game and headed straight to the VAR monitor. After a short check, a penalty was given after Burke handled the ball inside the box, and McAtee sent the goalkeeper the wrong way to double his side's lead.
Despite enjoying plenty of the ball, Luton have struggled to create too many chances and have produced 0.37 expected goals (xG). The Hatters have managed to have 70.3 per cent of the possession, but Edwards will be demanding more from his team in the final third. Wilder, of course, will be the happier of the two managers. His team have scored twice from two shots on target, but their tactic of sitting deep and counter-attacking has worked wonders so far. Luton need a little more creativity, so could we see Townsend early in the second half?
Lokonga gets the second half under way for Luton at Kenilworth Road!
Luton have an early corner in the second half after some good work by the Hatters, and Doughty will be delivering into the box. He whips it towards the front post, and Bogle puts it behind for another corner. It's delivered into the area once again, but Sheffield United are able to clear. The Luton players are appealing for a penalty, but the referee is having none of it.
The referee is checking for a penalty to Luton this time! He's headed to the VAR monitor, and it looks as though it could be another handball. He's checked it... and he's given it! Penalty to Luton!
GOOOOAAAAALL!! 2-1! Luton pull one back! Souza was adjudged to have handled the ball, and the referee awarded a penalty. Morris steps up to take it... and he sends the goalkeeper the wrong way, rolling it into the corner. The Luton striker grabs the ball out of the back of the net and rushes to the halfway line. Can the Hatters claw this one back?
Shortly after seeing his team pull a goal back, Edwards makes a change, with Chong coming on in place of Clark for Luton.
Luton now have the momentum with them and are pushing for an equaliser. Chong breaks down the left-hand side and tries to deliver into the box, but his cross is deflected behind for a corner. Doughty sends it towards the back post and Osho rises highest, but his header goes high, wide and behind for a goal-kick to Sheffield United.
Sheffield United make a change as Hamer, who was booked earlier in the game, comes off. Davies will enter the fray.
Sheffield United will now have a chance from a free-kick and it's whipped into the penalty area, but Adebayo can head it clear. It falls to Osborn near the byline who looks to take on Lokonga, but the Luton midfielder brings him down and it's another free-kick for the Blades. Davies delivers, but Adebayo rises highest and heads away once again.
Close to an equaliser! Luton take a quick throw and Morris receives the ball with his back to goal. He turns and drives towards the box before unleashing from range with his left. It's heading towards the bottom corner, but Foderingham gets down low to make a save and tips it behind for a corner to the Hatters. Edwards' men are continuing to push!
Doughty makes a foul on Lowe and the Sheffield United defender is down. The medical team are on the pitch giving him treatment, and he looks in a lot of pain. Wilder might be considering taking him off as he's been down on the turf for a few minutes now.
Edwards makes an attacking change as Luton chase the game. Townsend makes his way onto the pitch, with central defender Burke the player to be substituted.
Doughty should do better! Lokonga feeds the ball out wide to Chong who spots the run of Doughty, who has burst beyond the Sheffield United defence. He plays an inch-perfect throughball into his path and the Luton defender latches onto it. He fires the ball across goal, but he gets underneath it and sends it flying out for a throw-in on the other side of the pitch.
GOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!! 3-1 SHEFFIELD UNITED!! The Blades hit Luton on the counter-attack and grab a third! Wilder’s side break down the left with Archer, who looked like he had run into trouble. Osho dispossesses the striker, but Davies makes a superb challenge to win it straight back. The ball falls to Osborn, who shifts it out wide to Souza, and the midfielder unleashes a rocket of a shot from the edge of the box which flies into the bottom corner! What a finish!
Osborn pounced on a loose ball just outside the penalty area and quickly laid it into the path of Souza, who did the rest.
As it stands, with Burnley losing away at Liverpool, Sheffield United are now on 13 points, level with the Clarets but behind on goal difference. Luton remain outside of the relegation zone after Everton lost to Manchester City earlier in the day. Wilder's side will need to hold on now though, with Luton pushing to get back into the game!
Adebayo goes close! Luton send a delivery into the box and there's a scramble inside the penalty area. It eventually finds Adebayo who is unmarked from just a few yards out. He goes to strike it, but Foderingham flings himself in front of the ball and makes the stop, and it goes behind for a corner to the Hatters.
Sheffield United have every single player inside their defensive third as they desperately look to hold onto their lead. Luton are pushing, but they can't quite find a breakthrough. Doughty and Townsend both send crosses into the box, but Wilder's defence deals with it well and the Blades are staying resolute at the back.
Wilder makes a change in attack, and it's a straight swap through the middle. Brewster comes on in place of Archer.
The Blades look to add some more defensive solidity in midfield, with McAtee making way. Norwood comes on in his place.
Kenilworth Road is growing increasingly frustrated with the Hatters unable to create too many clear-cut opportunities. Doughty is the latest player to attempt to make something happen, but his cross flies behind for a goal-kick to Sheffield United. Foderingham is, understandably, in no rush to take this one.
Luton keep the ball well and are working it around the Sheffield United box. It comes to Barkley from outside of the penalty area and he whips a cross towards Morris, who has peeled off his marker, but he can't quite get his head to it and it goes behind. There is some activity on Edwards' bench and it looks as though there could be some substitutions for the Hatters.
Edwards makes an alteration on the left-hand side as Doughty makes way for Berry.
There's a change in attack for Luton, with Woodrow entering the fray. Morris heads to the bench.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of nine minutes of added time at the end of the game.
Luton are throwing everything at it in added time, but the Blades are sitting deep inside their own box, with Brewster chasing loose balls in attack. Barkley has it now and he sends it out wide to Townsend. He stands up his marker, shifts it onto his stronger foot, and whips it into the penalty area, but Foderingham rushes off his line and catches the ball.
Foderingham takes his time with a goal-kick as Sheffield United compose themselves for the final few minutes of the game. Luton regain possession but a loose pass finds Brewster just inside his own half. He spots Kaminski off his line and takes aim from inside the centre circle, but he can't direct it towards goal and the Hatters goalkeeper gathers comfortably.
Luton push forward once again and Barkley shifts it out wide to Ogbene. He delivers into the box and it's headed away, but only as far as Chong. He quickly gets it back into the box and it falls to Berry on the edge of the area. He strikes it low with his left, but the sea of bodies in front of the Sheffield United goal get in the way.
FULL-TIME: LUTON TOWN 1-3 SHEFFIELD UNITED
Sheffield United secure the three points with a 3-1 victory away to Luton Town at Kenilworth Road. The Blades opened the scoring in the first half after Archer had broke beyond the opposition defence, before slotting past Kaminski between the sticks. Shortly after, the referee headed to the VAR monitor and swiftly awarded Wilder's side the opportunity to double their lead as he pointed to the spot. McAtee calmly stepped up and rolled the ball into the corner, sending Sheffield United into the break at 2-0. After half-time, Edwards' men dominated proceedings with the Blades sitting deep, and they themselves were awarded the chance to score from the spot after Souza handled inside the penalty area. Morris sent the goalkeeper the wrong way to set up an exciting ending to the match. However, the Blades continued to counter-attack the home side and put the game to bed after Souza drilled a strike into the bottom corner to make it 3-1. Wilder's charges secure an important three points in their fight to stay up, while Luton remain outside the relegation zone in 17th place. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live text coverage of the Premier League meeting between Manchester City and Everton at the Etihad Stadium.
City enter this contest on a nine-game winning run in all competitions and have gone 12 without defeat since a 1-0 reverse at Aston Villa in early December. Pep Guardiola's men recovered from a goal down to beat Brentford 3-1 on Monday and are now two points behind leaders Liverpool with a game in hand in what is shaping up to be a thrilling title race.
Everton are scrapping at the opposite end of the table as they sit down in 18th place, one point adrift of Luton Town in 17th having played a game more. The Toffees, not helped by a 10-point deduction they still hope to have at least partially overturned, have drawn three successive league games and are winless in six in the competition - a run that includes a 3-1 home loss to today's opponents in December.
MANCHESTER CITY XI (4-2-3-1): Ederson; John Stones, Manuel Akanji, Ruben Dias, Nathan Ake; Matheus Nunes, Rodri; Phil Foden, Julian Alvarez, Jeremy Doku; Erling Haaland.
Man City subs: Kyle Walker, Jack Grealish, Kevin De Bruyne, Stefan Ortega, Bernardo Silva, Josko Gvardiol, Oscar Bobb, Jacob Wright, Rico Lewis.
EVERTON XI (4-2-3-1): Jordan Pickford; Ben Godfrey, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite, Vitaliy Mykolenko; Idrissa Gueye, James Garner; Ashley Young, Jack Harrison, Dwight McNeil; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
Everton subs: Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, Amadou Onana, Joao Virginia, Beto, Seamus Coleman, Youssef Chermiti, Mackenzie Hunt, Lewis Dobbin.
Guardiola has a fully-fit squad to choose from and has made four changes to the Man City side that defeated Brentford five days ago. De Bruyne and Bernardo drop down to the bench, where they are joined by Grealish once again, while Nunes and Doku come into the XI. Stones and Akanji get the nod over benched pair Walker and Gvardiol in defence.
Everton stick with the same starting line-up as the one that snatched a late 2-2 draw against Tottenham this time last week. Calvert-Lewin is without a goal in 17 matches but retains his place up top, while former City midfielder Harrison will play just off him in attacking midfield. There is a change elsewhere in the matchday squad as Onana is back among the substitutes after missing two games with a knee complaint.
Manchester City are unbeaten in their last 13 Premier League games against Everton (W11 D2), stretching back to a 4-0 loss at Goodison Park in January 2017. The home side are strong favourites to come out on top today and maintain their winning streak. We are now just a few moments away from kick-off.
City get us up and running at the Etihad Stadium in this first Premier League game of the weekend. The reigning champions can move top of the division with a win, while Everton need a point to climb out of the bottom three.
Everton manager Sean Dyche is watching today's game from the stands, incidentally, as he serves a touchline ban. His side have barely had a touch of the ball in these first few minutes.
Doku makes the most of a fortunate bounce of the ball to drive into the box. He tries to drive a cross into the centre but it hits Tarkowski and goes behind for the game's first corner.
The corner is aimed towards the six-yard box and Pickford is able to punch it clear. From the next attacking wave, Haaland knocks the ball to Foden, who is unable to control it under pressure.
City are basically playing with two extra central midfielders in Akanji and Stones, which we have become accustomed to seeing. The home side are dominating possession, which we also expected.
Tarkowski steps into midfield and thinks he has turned over possession, but he went in too roughly on Alvarez. Had a free-kick not been awarded, City would have been left wide open.
A first attacking move from Everton culminates in Young's cross being cleared. A simple ball over the top caught the hosts out there - that could be one to keep an eye on today.
McNeil plays a brilliant disguised reverse pass in behind for Godfrey to race on to. Ake does not deal with it but Ederson pounces on the ball. He takes a whack in the process and the physios are on.
The fact it is a goalkeeper receiving treatment means play cannot resume until Ederson has been seen to. Godfrey appeared to catch the City stopper in the face with a trailing boot. After a break of about three minutes, we are back under way with Ederson fine to continue.
Gueye cynically takes out Doku to help disrupt City's momentum. The home side have yet to create any openings, but they are happy to bide their time.
Calvert-Lewin, who has not scored for 17 matches, decides to try to lob Ederson from about 30 yards and gets the effort completely wrong. McNeil was alongside him and playing him in would have been the better option.
This match is panning out as expected so far. City are in control of the ball, while Everton are relying on quick passes up the field to cause some panic at the back for the hosts. It has the feel of an early Saturday kick-off to it, this one.
There is very little happening so far. City have not got out of first gear and have yet to register a shot of any sort. Everton have had two attempts, neither of which were on target.
Alvarez and Doku have shots blocked in quick succession in the Everton box. There are early signs of the home side now stepping up the pace.
Everton's workrate has been impressive in the opening quarter of the match, barely giving City's attackers a chance to breathe when in possession. Foden decides to take matters into his own hands, but his 18-yard drive is blocked.
Tarkowski gets across to halt Foden's run - superb challenge. The visitors are basically playing with a back eight, so it is certainly not easy for City to find a way through.
Gueye and Dias both win the ball for their side with fantastic challenges in the space of about five seconds. Doku finally gets in behind down the left, with Godfrey failing to take the ball from him, but his cross is met by Branthwaite.
ATTEMPT! Calvert-Lewin nods down a free-kick but it is to nobody in particular. Moments later up the other end, Doku - City's liveliest player - skips past Godfrey and sends a ball into the area for Haaland, who sends his header off target. Half a chance, that.
Foden slips the ball down the right for Nunes - a fantastic pass - but the midfielder's attempted centre for Haaland is cut out for a corner. City are definitely starting to have a bit more joy in the final third now.
Mykolenko gets his head to the latest cross into the box. City's best chance of getting through Everton is down the flanks, but they are not having much joy through crosses.
Calvert-Lewin is offering very little for Everton as he again fails to hold the ball up. The problem for Dyche is he does not really have any other options up top. Meanwhile, Godfrey is being given a tough time of things by Doku.
Alvarez drifts out to the right, perhaps knowing Godfrey is there to be got at. On this occasion, the Everton defender wins his side a free-kick to earn a bit of a breather.
For all of City's dominance of the ball, you just know Everton will create the odd chance. On this occasion, a cross into the box from the left goes right the way through.
SHOT! Young's cross is only half dealt with and it drops to Harrison. It is a good shooting opportunity, but he bends the effort well off target from just inside the box.
The atmosphere is very flat inside the Etihad Stadium. That is down to a mixture of the early kick-off time and the - let's face it - lack of anything of interest going on on the field.
Half time is only a couple of minutes away now and I think Guardiola will happily accept the chance to wake his players up. Everton have actually looked the better side over the past five minutes.
Ake thumps the ball into an Everton player in the area, following some promising play from Doku, which pretty much sums things up for City.
Alvarez profits from an error and tries to play a first-time pass to Haaland, but it is hit straight to Pickford.
Three minutes have been added on at the end of the first half, so a little longer for Guardiola to wait for that chat with his players!
POSSIBLE HANDBALL! Akanji tries to place the ball in the corner but it hits the upper arm of Tarkowski. After a short VAR check, it is adjudged no penalty should be awarded. The right call, it must be said.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 0-0 EVERTON
Manchester City and Everton go into half time level at 0-0 after a pretty poor first half of football. City failed to register a single attempt on target in the opening 45 minutes on home soil, which is a real rarity for them. Guardiola's men had a weak penalty call rejected at the end of the half, but that aside there has been very little to talk about. Everton have defended well and have had the occasional promising moment, so it is a case of more of the same in the second half as far as they are concerned.
Guardiola will not be too concerned just yet given the options he has available from the bench. Grealish, Bernardo and De Bruyne are all among the back-up options and it may well be that we see at least one of those brought on for the start of the second half. Dyche mainly has defensive options to choose from, but you would expect to see a returning Onana introduced at some point.
Everton, who you have to say would be more than happy with a point today, get us back under way in Manchester. Neither manager has made any changes at the interval.
There is a little more pace to City's game early in the second half, although it is ultimately the same end result: no way through on goal.
Doku's low cross towards the front post is met by Tarkowski, who is then nudged by Alvarez to win a free-kick. Bernardo and De Bruyne are already warming up.
Gueye closes down Alvarez and the City forward's shot is well off target. It has just not clicked for the home side today at all.
Doku plays another teasing ball towards the front post, but it is once again cut out. There is no doubt that he is City's liveliest player, but it has been the same outcome time and time again.
Godfrey has gone down and is being seen to by the physio. Doku comes over to seemingly apologise, so it may well be that he caught the Everton defender.
Godfrey is able to continue after being seen to. Word is that he is struggling through illness, rather than any sort of knock. Not what Dyche wants either way.
Gueye has put in a number of good challenges today, but this latest one on Foden - a late one - earns him the first booking of the game.
Godfrey has gone down again, and the Everton medical staff are on again. This will surely be the end of the defender's game.
The experienced Coleman comes on for Godfrey in a like-for-like change. The departing Everton player does not look in good shape at all.
Guardiola has seen enough. Akanji is replaced by Walker in the first of this double change.
De Bruyne is brought on in place of Nunes in the second of City's changes. That is not good news for Everton.
The opening 15 minutes of the second half have been incredibly disjointed. Guardiola will want things to settle down and for his side to start turning the screw.
Branthwaite is having a superb game at the back - not for the first time this season. Foden plays the ball through to Alvarez, but the city forward comes out second best in that battle.
De Bruyne has instantly made a difference. He has played a couple of good balls on the edge of the box, but has been let down by his team-mates. Haaland has stepped up a level, too, but his fizzing ball is turned behind.
Everton have drawn their last three Premier League games. The Toffees last drew four consecutive league games in August-September 2022. This would be a huge point for the visitors, one that would take them out of the bottom three.
It comes as no surprise to see City back in complete control of the match. Again, though, there is not a great deal to show for it as Everton's defenders are working overtime. Pickford has still yet to make a save.
Rodri fires a shot into the stands from 25 yards out. City's shooting today has been miles off - almost quite literally. McNeil is now down, further disrupting the home side's momentum.
Everton winger McNeil is back on the field after being seen to. Garner is the next to go down, but he is quickly back to his feet.
GOOOAAALLL!!! CITY LEAD 1-0!! From their first shot on target, City move in front! A corner into the box is headed down by Dias and blocked before it can reach goal. A weak clearance from Branthwaite is met by Haaland and absolutely thumped past Pickford from the edge of the six-yard box via his weaker - supposedly - foot.
Ake has been credited with the assist as Branthwaite's clearance skimmed against him, but this was all about the quality of the finish from Haaland. Pickford got his hand to the ball but the power was too much.
If there is one player Branthwaite did not want his weak clearance to drop to, it was Haaland. There was clearly some frustration behind that strike - he absolutely belted it home.
The home fans are now making plenty of noise. This has been one of City's weakest performances of the campaign, yet they lead with around 15 minutes of normal time to play.
Alvarez, who has not had his best of games, makes way for Bernardo in City's third change.
Everton midfielder Onana, back from a knee injury lay-off, comes on for Young.
Beto is on for the ineffective Calvert-Lewin, whose goal drought goes on, in Everton's second substitution.
Replays show that City were perhaps fortunate to have been awarded the corner from which they scored. I'm sure Dyche will have something to say about that if it finishes this way.
As things stand, Everton will remain in the relegation zone come the end of today, while City will move top of the division.
Beto dinks the ball over Ederson but also wide of the target. He probably knew he was going to be flagged for offside anyway, which proves the case.
Ederson is alert and races way off his line to get to the ball ahead of Beto. McNeil then looks to get a cross into the box from the left, but Walker blocks. The visitors know they have nothing to lose at this point.
GOOOAAALLL!!! HAALAND HAS A SECOND! Even on an off-day, he still manages to bag a couple of goals. Everton finally get bodies forward and are caught out on the counter as De Bruyne slides the ball to Haaland. The Norway international brushes off Tarkowski like he isn't there and tucks past Pickford to make it 2-0.
De Bruyne was brought on to make an impact and has done just that. His pass to Haaland was a simple one, and the prolific striker raced through to convert.
Grealish is brought on for Doku late on. The points are surely now in the bag for the hosts.
Dobbin is given a run-out for the closing stages in place of McNeil.
Chermiti, whose Everton career has not exactly taken off yet, replaces Gueye in an attacking change.
GOAL RULED OUT! Beto slides a nice first-time finish past Ederson after being played in behind, but he was quite clearly offside. No VAR needed for that one.
Ten minutes have been added on at the end of the second half. That probably does not benefit either side at this stage.
It is a case of job done as far as City are concerned. It has not been the most memorable of matches, but they found a way to break down their visitors and are well on their way to reclaiming top spot.
On his 50th start in the Premier League, Haaland has scored 51 goals in those games - more than any other player has managed in their first 50 starts in the competition.
City are just toying with their opponents now as they knock the ball around amongst themselves. There is no need to press for a third goal and potentially leave themselves open at the back.
Foden's low shot is right at Pickford following some nice play from Grealish down the left.
Garner has a couple of nibbles at Grealish and enters the referee's book late on.
Mykolenko tries to thread a pass in behind for Beto, who was this time onside, but it has too much on it and Ederson gathers.
CHANCE! Pickford is caught in the middle of nowhere and De Bruyne attempts to lift the ball over his head, but there is too much on it and it lands on the roof of the net. That should have been 3-0.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 2-0 EVERTON
Manchester City move to the top of the Premier League with a 2-0 win over Everton at the Etihad Stadium. City did not get going at all in the first hour or so and it took them until the 71st minute to register their first attempt on target. That was Haaland's thumping finish past Pickford to open the scoring, which the Norway international added to 14 minutes later after being played in by substitute De Bruyne and brushing aside Branthwaite. Everton had a Beto goal correctly ruled out for offside but otherwise offered very little. Up next for City in the league is a home match with Chelsea next Saturday, which follows a Champions League trip to FC Copenhagen, while Everton host fellow strugglers Crystal Palace a week on Monday. That is all for today's live text coverage, thanks for joining.
Hello and welcome to this live text commentary of the Premier League match between Nottingham Forest and Newcastle United!
Struggling Forest are two points above the bottom three and come into this game looking for their first league win of 2024, but they advanced to the fifth round of the FA Cup by beating Bristol City on penalties in midweek and have fond memories of facing Newcastle on Boxing Day, running out 3-1 winners courtesy of a hat-trick from Chris Wood. Former Newcastle man Wood is absent here through injury, however.
For Newcastle, it is the corresponding fixture from last season that provides cause for optimism. Eddie Howe's side came from behind to win 2-1 at the City Ground with a last-gasp Alexander Isak penalty, a second win in a run of eight in nine that carried the Magpies towards Champions League qualification. Isak is also now missing due to injury.
Let's get the team news...
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-2-3-1): Matz Sels; Neco Williams, Moussa Niakhate, Murillo, Nuno Tavares; Ryan Yates, Nicolas Dominguez; Anthony Elanga, Morgan Gibbs-White, Callum Hudson-Odoi; Taiwo Awoniyi.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Matt Turner, Cheikhou Kouyate, Harry Toffolo, Felipe, Gio Reyna, Divock Origi, Danilo, Andrew Omobamidele, Rodrigo Ribeiro.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Martin Dubravka; Kieran Trippier, Fabian Schar, Sven Botman, Dan Burn; Sean Longstaff, Bruno Guimaraes, Lewis Miley; Miguel Almiron, Callum Wilson, Anthony Gordon.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Loris Karius, Paul Dummett, Jamaal Lascelles, Matt Ritchie, Harvey Barnes, Emil Krafth, Lewis Hall, Tino Livramento, Jacob Murphy.
Forest made eight changes to face Bristol City in the cup, but they show only one change from their last league match as Niakhite replaces Omobamidele. Gibbs-White is fit despite sustaining a knock in midweek, while Sels makes his home bow against former club Newcastle.
Gordon is a surprise inclusion in the Newcastle XI after limping off at half-time in last week's 4-4 draw with Luton Town. It means their only change is a tactical one, with Wilson in for Murphy as a more natural centre-forward. Newcastle captain Lascelles, who came through the Forest academy, is fit again and on the bench.
KICK-OFF: After a short delay, waiting for one of the assistant referees, Newcastle's Guimaraes get the game under way!
Miley looks to be lining up in the middle of the Newcastle midfield, with Guimaraes playing to his left. That was a move Howe made in the course of last week's match, and the manager praised teenager Miley for his application of the role.
Gordon feeds a brilliant pass into Longstaff in the box, but the midfielder cannot work room for a shot. The Magpies build again until Almiron loses possession.
Chance for Gibbs-White! Gordon's shot at one end is blocked, and the touch from the Forest defender reaches the Newcastle half. The hosts break at speed, as they did in the reverse fixture, and Nuno Tavares cuts the ball back to Gibbs-White in the centre of the area. He drags his shot just wide of the bottom-right corner.
Newcastle are dominating the possession, but Forest are such a threat on the break. The pattern of play will suit the home side just fine so far.
Save by Sels! Longstaff carries the ball from the halfway line towards the Forest box. When he still is not greeted with a challenge, the Newcastle man drives in a low shot that bounces in front of Sels and forces the goalkeeper into a smart stop.
Sels comes for a Trippier corner and just about gets there, palming the ball behind for another one. That was one area in which Sels really struggled while at Newcastle, albeit way back in the 2016-17 season.
GOOAAALLLL!!! GUIMARAES UNMARKED! 1-0 NEWCASTLE! The previous corner was swung in right under the crossbar, but this one goes short, with Almiron finding Trippier, whose first-time cross picks out Guimaraes on his own at the far post. A firm volley across Sels finds the far corner.
Gordon is required to block the run of Elanga to ensure Almiron's corner reaches Trippier, but when it does, the cross is a beauty.
Newcastle are straight back on the attack, and there are muted appeals for a penalty. Gordon fires a pass towards Wilson, whose loose first touch bounces between Forest players. Longstaff gets there and goes down under a challenge, but referee Anthony Taylor is unimpressed.
Trippier now has 10 assists in the Premier League this season, tied for the most in the division. The last Newcastle player to reach double-figures in a top-flight campaign was Laurent Robert in 2001-02.
It is one-way traffic right now, but Forest will be keen to reflect on how they turned the reverse fixture on its head. Newcastle led at St James' Park but lost 3-1.
Huge stop from Dubravka! Burn is caught out by the pace of Elanga, who races away down the right, gaining an angle from which to go for goal. But Dubravka is out bravely and blocks with his right boot.
Burn was badly exposed by Elanga in the reverse fixture and similarly suffered against Luton's Chiedozie Ogbene last week. However, the way Newcastle have set up, with Trippier joining Miley in the middle to create a back three, requires Burn to start ahead of Livramento.
Buoyed by that attack, which was teed up by a wonderful first-time Dominguez pass, Forest are enjoying some possession for the first time. Their most likely route to goal still looks to be on the counter, though.
Gordon's hard running forces Niakhate into a hurried pass that Sels cannot reach, giving Newcastle another corner. This one is harmlessly headed into the hands of Sels by Schar.
Murillo is moving uneasily after that last Newcastle corner, going down and briefly staying down. He continues without receiving treatment.
Almiron so nearly gets a touch! Wilson is challenged, but the ball breaks to Trippier, who delivers a cute cross towards Almiron. If the winger makes contact, it is surely a goal, as Sels advances off his line, but he cannot get there and the goalkeeper gathers.
The Forest fans are furious as Schar appears to foul Awoniyi and yet avoids punishment. The Forest forward looks to be in some pain as the play continues around him. He, like Murillo, is able to continue.
GOOAAALLLL!!! ELANGA LEVELS! 1-1! This time, Elanga's pace pays! The winger is so, so quick and gets between Burn and Botman. Dubravka comes out again but is far too late to the ball, and Elanga threads a finish between the goalkeeper's legs.
Gibbs-White plays a gorgeous pass through to Elanga, having been granted space in the centre of the pitch by a smart Awoniyi lay-off. Miley misreads the pass and gives Gibbs-White free reign.
This is a game Newcastle have controlled, and yet they have been undone in the same way in which they were at home in December. Gibbs-White finds space, those speedy attackers set off, and Newcastle's plodding defence cannot cope.
Newcastle just need to regain their composure. Forest are on the front foot now. First, Burn's stretching header goes straight to Awoniyi, before Botman recovers. Then, Elanga gets down the right and crosses, with Gibbs-White's flick cleared by Trippier.
Newcastle are committing men forward, but they are really struggling to halt Forest's breaks, which creates real danger. Nuno Tavares dances out of defence, then just overhits a pass to Elanga, who had isolated Burn again.
Forest are clearly looking to target Burn now. Sels thumps a long pass forward, and while most of the Forest players are on the back foot, Williams sets off in pursuit of Burn and very nearly gets there. The left-back is enduring a real tough time.
Murillo, who went down briefly earlier in the game, now needs treatment, leading to a pause in the game.
Murillo is back on the pitch after that short stoppage.
A series of Forest set-pieces put Newcastle under pressure, but the visitors hold firm. Clearly, they are more vulnerable in open play.
Guimaraes loses out to Dominguez in the Forest half, and Hudson-Odoi seizes on the ball, again attacking at speed. He looks right to Elanga, but the winger is this time forced wide, then seeing his cross headed behind by Botman. Dubravka gathers the subsequent corner.
GOOAAALLLL!!! SCHAR! NEWCASTLE REGAIN THE LEAD! 2-1! Trippier's deep free-kick is not met on the first bounce, reaching Botman, who heads back across the box to centre-back partner Schar. Still 15 yards from goal, the Switzerland international rifles into the bottom-left corner, leading Sels with no chance.
Newcastle's defenders have struggled going the other way, but two of them combine for this goal, with Botman first to react in the box.
Forest want a penalty, with Elanga again causing the problems. He gets between Burn and Gordon as he enters the box but goes down very easily, and no foul is given.
There will be a minimum of five minutes of added time at the end of the half.
Forest looked vulnerable after conceding the first goal, but they have responded well to going behind again. Dubravka has to come from his line to take a Williams cross smartly.
It is Newcastle's turn to exploit space behind the opposition midfield, with Longstaff feeding Guimaraes. He in turn moves the ball on to Wilson, but the forward cannot get beyond Niakhate for a clear sight of goal and instead prods harmlessly into the defender's shins.
There is concern for Newcastle now as Schar carries the ball out of defence, then pulls up as he dribbles past Yates. Newcastle play on without one of their centre-backs but do not pay the price, with Botman standing up to Awoniyi.
GOOAAALLLL!!! HUDSON-ODOI! OUT OF NOTHING! 2-2! Forest are level once again as Hudson-Odoi cuts in from the right and goes for goal, earning a big deflection off Miley that completely wrongfoots Dubravka and beats him at the near post.
Dominguez plays the pass to Hudson-Odoi, but there does not appear to be a great deal on when he goes for the shot, benefiting from Miley's touch.
HALF-TIME: Nottingham Forest 2-2 Newcastle United
Newcastle matches tend to be entertaining, high-scoring affairs, and this one is no different. They have twice led and twice looked in a position to kick on and take complete control, but Forest have found a response. Guimaraes volleyed in from a Trippier cross, only for Elanga to race through and equalise. Schar lashed in a second for Newcastle, yet Hudson-Odoi's deflected strike has the sides level at half-time.
It will be interesting to see if Newcastle make any half-time changes. Howe was criticised for not taking Burn off at the break against Luton, and he has struggled again. The Magpies midfield has perhaps left the defender too exposed, however.
KICK-OFF: Yates gets the game back under way.
There were no changes at the break, with Schar back out, having been furious with the referee at the end of the first half. He felt Yates' challenge on him shortly before Forest's second equaliser should have been punished.
The ball bounces off Trippier's hand just outside the box, but referee Taylor gives a goal-kick to Newcastle as it goes behind. Hudson-Odoi wants either a penalty or a corner, with the fans behind the goal outraged, but the official is unmoved.
Newcastle's passing has been really sloppy at the start of this second half. They kept the ball with ease at times in the first period, but Forest are on top now.
OFFSIDE! Awoniyi has the ball in the net, but a delayed flag goes up! The Forest number nine gets in on the right and shoots high past Dubravka. However, a replay shows he was clearly offside despite the linesman delaying his decision.
Newcastle finally push Forest back the other way, with Guimaraes winning a challenge on the left wing but knocking the ball out of play. He celebrates towards the away end but draws jeers from those Forest supporters in front of him.
Miley is bullied off the ball by Gibbs-White, and it runs for Nuno Tavares. But rather than build a potentially dangerous attack, the left-back cuts inside and shoots right-footed over the bar from 25 yards.
It is Newcastle's turn to break at pace, with Wilson and Longstaff combining to set Trippier away on the right. He crosses towards Almiron, who is on his own after tangling with a defender, but the ball just clears the winger's head.
Guimaraes loses the ball, and Forest race back down the other end. Newcastle are able to escape with only a corner, which is taken short before Gibbs-White's cross deflects behind for another corner.
Williams recovers brilliantly. A Forest corner is cleared only as far as the full-back, whose subsequent cross is poor. Newcastle break, with Wilson running through the middle, but Williams is back there to challenge.
Botman tangles with Gibbs-White as play is called back for offside, and the two go head to head, with the centre-back pushing his opponent and going into the book.
Gibbs-White responds to Botman's push with a shove of his own and also goes into the book.
The first change is a Newcastle one, with Barnes on for Almiron as Gordon swaps wings to the right.
HUGE CHANCE! Forest want a penalty! Newcastle are all over the place defensively as Sels' long ball goes straight down the centre of the pitch. Awoniyi beats Botman to the ball but stumbles. He recovers to go past Dubravka, then goes down as the forward and the goalkeeper make contact.
There is a VAR check after Dubravka's challenge on Awoniyi, but it appears the forward more treads on the goalkeeper than contact in the oppositie direction. The officials decide there is no foul upon review.
It is all getting a little heated. Newcastle feel they should have a corner when Longstaff's cross is blocked, then a Forest coach is booked by Taylor, apparently following extended complaints after the penalty appeal.
Gordon, now playing on the right, works room for a shot from outside the area but blazes high into the stands.
GOOAAALLLL!!! GUIMARAES AGAIN! NEWCASTLE LEAD AGAIN! 3-2! Elanga's pass out is poor and seized upon by Guimaraes, who steps forward and fires into the bottom-right corner from the edge of the box. His path is completely clear as Burn appears to check the run of a defender.
Forest were already planning to make a change prior to Newcastle's third goal, with Origi on for Awoniyi.
Newcastle could use a period of calm now. A Trippier header almost puts them in trouble again, with Botman required to smash a clearance against Elanga and behind.
This is better from Newcastle as Guimaraes finds some space in the middle of the pitch and moves them forward. Gordon beats Murillo to the ball and wins a free-kick on the corner of the Forest box.
Trippier's free-kick is just too high for Burn, but Newcastle recycle the ball and can build again. They need to rediscover their composure in what has been a frantic encounter.
Nuno Tavares does superbly to skip between Guimaraes and Trippier and enter the box, standing up Schar on the left. But rather than look for a team-mate or take on the defender, the Forest man lashes a shot over the bar.
Reyna is introduced for his Forest debut, adding creativity in place of Yates' industry.
Origi somehow escapes punishment for a blatant foul on Schar, instead winning a throw-in, which Niakhate can launch into the box. To the relief of Newcastle and perhaps the officials, it comes to nothing.
The Forest substitutes are starting to cause problems. Reyna brings the ball down in the box and tees up Origi, whose shot strikes Botman and flies behind.
Burn is up highest to meet a Forest corner, but Dubravka then punches when he might catch the second ball and will be grateful to see Dominguez's volley fail to trouble the target.
Dubravka does much, much better to meet a searching pass in behind the Newcastle defence from Murillo. Nuno Tavares is again the man advancing but cannot reach the ball before Dubravka dives out and gathers.
Forest make another change in the midfield as Danilo comes on for Dominguez.
Schar's poor pass is cut out, and the ball breaks for Reyna to shoot from outside the box. Botman gets his body in front of the ball, letting his centre-back partner off the hook.
It is all Forest now. Newcastle are going to have to do plenty of defending to protect this lead.
Burn did not enjoy the stretched pattern of play in the first half, but he is everywhere now as Forest go for the aerial route. The giant left-back heads another cross away.
Livramento is introduced, but not in place of Burn. Miley is off, meaning a change in shape for Newcastle, who will likely go to a back five.
Now Newcastle have the ball again. The change in shape is allowing them to stretch the pitch and keep possession for a period, running down the clock.
Forest have the ball back, but they look to lack a little imagination. With Newcastle playing deeper, there is not the same space to exploit in behind.
Gibbs-White is a little lucky! He fouls Wilson, who is on the break for Newcastle, but only a foul is given. No card for the Forest midfielder, who has already been booked.
Newcastle's away form was so poor in the first half of the season, but they are now a minute (plus stoppage time) away from a fourth consecutive away win in all competitions.
There will be a minimum of six minutes of added time for Forest to find a third equaliser.
Gibbs-White goes close! It is far too chaotic for Newcastle's liking. Gordon tackles Gibbs-White but cannot play in Wilson, allowing Forest to respond. Elanga's low cross is just about cleared by Burn, before Gibbs-White shoots from outside the box and has Dubravka worried for a moment.
Newcastle introduce a sixth defender, with Krafth replacing Gordon, whose involvement in this game was somewhat of a surprise.
Guimaraes does superbly! He wins the ball in midfield, holds off a clear foul and plays in Wilson, who is neck and neck with Murillo. The defender holds Wilson up but then, in tackling his opponent, smashes the ball behind for a corner.
A foul goes against Newcastle following a short corner, and Wilson picks up a clear yellow card for kicking the ball away.
Barnes carries the ball the length of the pitch, tracked by Gibbs-White, and wins a throw-in right by the corner flag. Newcastle will hope to see the game out from here.
FULL-TIME: Nottingham Forest 2-3 Newcastle United
Newcastle claim a huge 3-2 win at Forest and climb back into the top seven! The Magpies avenge their home defeat to the same side but were really made to work for it. Howe's side led three times, with Guimaraes, who netted the opener, proving the matchwinner. Elanga cancelled out Guimaraes' first, then Hudson-Odoi responded to Schar's fine strike. Forest could not recover a third time when Guimaraes struck once more, however, and Newcastle held on. They will host Bournemouth next week, when Forest are at home again against West Ham. That's all from this match. Thanks for joining us, and until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Tottenham and Brighton at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium!
With Aston Villa not playing until tomorrow, Spurs have a chance to move back into the top four with a win here today. Since losing to Brighton 4-2 in the reverse fixture in December, they've lost just once in all competitions - a 1-0 defeat to Manchester City that knocked them out of the FA Cup. In the Premier League, they're unbeaten in four matches (W2 D2), but were denied three points last weekend by Jarrad Branthwaite's stoppage-time equaliser in a 2-2 draw with Everton.
As for Brighton, they're looking to win back-to-back league meetings against Spurs for the very first time, and another victory here would lift them up to sixth in the table. Following that game, Brighton actually went winless in three Premier League games and failed to score in all of them, but they put that right last time out, cruising to a 4-1 victory over rivals Crystal Palace last Saturday.
TOTTENHAM STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Destiny Udogie; Pape Sarr, Rodrigo Bentancur; Dejan Kulusevski, James Maddison, Timo Werner; Richarlison.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Yves Bissouma, Emerson Royal, Brennan Johnson, Fraser Forster, Son Heung-Min, Ben Davies, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Radu Dragusin, Oliver Skipp.
BRIGHTON STARTING XI (4-3-3): Jason Steele; Tariq Lamptey, Jan-Paul van Hecke, Lewis Dunk, Pervis Estupinan; Pascal Gross, Billy Gilmour, Adam Lallana; Facundo Buonanotte, Danny Welbeck, Karou Mitoma.
BRIGHTON SUBS: Mark O'Mahony, Adam Webster, Ansu Fati, Benicio Boaitey, Bart Verbruggen, Joel Veltman, Carlos Baleba, Evan Ferguson, Jakub Moder.
Ange Postecoglou makes just two changes from the draw with Everton last time out, with Sarr and Kulusevski both being brought in. Hojbjerg and Johnson start on the bench, as do Son and Bissouma now that they're back from the Asia Cup and Africa Cup of Nations.
Roberto De Zerbi makes five changes to his side after their big win over Palace last Saturday, but won't be on the sidelines himself. There's a change in goal, with Steele coming in, and Estupinan, Lallana, Welbeck and Mitoma, who is also back from the Asia Cup, also starting. Verbruggen and Ferguson drop to the bench, while Igor Julio, Joao Pedro and Jack Hinshelwood aren't in the squad.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Richarlison gets the game under way for Spurs!
GREAT SAVE! Van de Ven trips over his own feet on the halfway line, and Welbeck profits before surging down the right. He goes it alone in the end, cutting inside to avoid Bentancur before curling a shot on goal, but Vicario pushes it away.
Brighton are knocking the ball around well, and Sarr tries to catch them out high upfield. He's looking to nick it off Dunk just outside his own box, but the defender keeps his cool to get it away.
This time, Spurs do manage to win the ball back inside Brighton's half, and it's quickly switched out to Maddison on the left. His cross is blocked for a corner, and Porro can't pick out a team-mate with the resulting set-piece.
Having won their first two Premier League away games this season, Brighton have since won just one of their last nine on the road (D3 L5), conceding 21 goals across these nine matches.
Maddison wins a free-kick and chips it out to Werner on the left, but the German is forced wider than he wanted. Brighton have the chance to get across, and Spurs can't get it into the box.
Udogie is matching Mitoma for pace, but when the winger checks inside, he's brought down by the Italian. Brighton win a free-kick which is curled in by Gross, but Romero clears it ahead of Welbeck.
Spurs counter quickly following a Brighton corner, but as Richarlison tries to help it through to Maddison, he gets a knock to the head. Yet another free-kick is awarded, but the hosts can't do anything with it.
Bentancur half-clears Gross' free-kick, and Lallana scoops it back into the box, looking for Buonanotte. He's waiting for it to drop, but Porro gets it away in time.
PENALTY TO BRIGHTON! Spurs try to play out from the back, and Bentancur is caught on the ball just outside the area. Gross spins it into Buonanotte, who quickly plays in Welbeck. He's trying to get a sight of goal when Van de Ven sticks out a leg to trip him, and the referee points straight to the spot.
GROSS SCORES! It's as cool as you like from the German! He takes a very short run-up to the spot, planting himself so he can get the power behind it as he fires it down the right of the goal. Vicario dives the wrong way, and it's 1-0 Brighton!
It's getting a bit stuck in midfield at the moment, with neither team able to keep hold of it. Maddison nicks it off Gross, only to gift it back to the goalscorer with his first touch, and when Welbeck attempts to push forward, he's stopped by Sarr.
There's almost a nervy moment at the back for Brighton as Steele tries to thread it through to Gilmour. Richarlison is hovering on the edge of the D, but can't react quick enough to cut out the pass.
BIG SAVE! Bentancur plays it into the box for Richarlison, who times his run off the back of Van Hecke perfectly to stay onside. He's one-on-one with the goalkeeper, but Steele makes himself big to smother the shot.
Lallana was tripped by Romero, who brought the defender down with him. Romero landed awkwardly on top of him, and the Brighton midfielder needs treatment on his shoulder.
WIDE! Gilmour's attempted long ball is blocked by Sarr, and it bounces kindly into Richarlison, who spins before threading it forward for Maddison. He cuts inside from the left before whipping a shot towards the far top corner, but it flies wide.
Spurs are upping the pressure here as they continue to search for an equaliser, but they're struggling to break Brighton down. The visitors are staying compact on the back, giving them no way through.
GOOD SAVE! Bentancur makes up for giving the ball away just outside his own box again by blocking Welbeck's shot, but Brighton quickly win it back. The forward helps it out to Mitoma, who takes on the shot from a tight angle, but Vicario is still needed to tip it away.
Spurs are continuing their patient attempt to break through Brighton, but it's still not working. Sarr hits his throughball straight at Buonanotte before fouling Gross in an attempt to keep the attack alive.
Dunk is down for Brighton now, and it looks like he was caught in the throat. The medical team come on to check him over, but he's going to be able to carry on.
Maddison tried to pull out of a tackle on Lamptey when he realised he wasn't getting the ball, but he still managed to trip the right-back. He's shown the first booking of the game.
CHANCE! It's better from Spurs here as Werner plays a one-two with Udogie to get away from Lamptey down the left. The space opens up for him to drill it into the near post, but Richarlison can only direct it wide.
GREAT SAVE! Spurs' high press is causing all sorts of problems here as Romero steps in to win it high upfield. He picks out Richarlison in space, who helps it through to Kulusevski. He's off-balance but still hits the shot well, and Steele does well to get a hand on it.
Brighton are insisting on playing out from the back, but they just keep giving it away around their own box. Kulusevski nicks it back this time, but luckily for the visitors, Dunk was on hand to stop Richarlison from having a shot.
BLOCK! It's Bentancur with the latest interception, and Richarlison has another opportunity to shoot. He skips away from Gilmour before digging out an effort, but it flies wide off Van Hecke.
Richarlison is in great form of late, netting nine goals in his last eight league appearances, with the reverse fixture against Brighton the only game in which he's not scored in this run. He's had four shots already today, but could it be the same story as in December?
Brighton are enjoying their first real spell of possession since early on in this game, and are trying to slow the pace down. Spurs aren't just going to sit back though, and the hosts quickly win it back.
We're into the first of six added minutes at the end of the first half, and it's met by a big cheer from the home fans. They think they can get an equaliser before the break, but it turns into a groan as Romero's long ball to Kulusevski is intercepted.
Werner is still finding a lot of space down the left here and he gets away from Lamptey with ease again. He curls an early cross into the box, but Dunk stretches to clear it in front of Richarlison.
Kulusevski's cross is just behind Richarlison, but Van Hecke can only poke his clearance as far as Udogie, who helps it out to Werner. He swings it in from the left once more, but Steele is there to collect.
HALF-TIME: TOTTENHAM 0-1 BRIGHTON.
Gross' penalty gives Brighton a 1-0 lead over Tottenham at half-time. The visitors started brightly, with Vicario forced into action after just 47 seconds to deny Welbeck's curling effort. It was the forward that won the penalty as well, as he was tripped by Van de Ven, and Gross confidently fired his side into the lead. Spurs found their footing after that, and Steele had to make good stops to keep Richarlison and Kulusevski out.
While Spurs will obviously be disappointed to be behind, Postecoglou will be happy with how they responded to that. They created some good chances, they just need to be more clinical if they want to get on level terms. Brighton looked shaky after scoring the goal and struggled to get out of their own half at times, and they will be desperate to make another quick start to this half.
Brighton get us back under way for the second half!
SAVE! Maddison is felled just outside the D, and Spurs have a free-kick in a good position. It's the midfielder who steps up to take it, curling his shot past the wall towards the far bottom corner, but Steele holds onto it.
Lamptey gets the ball caught under his feet and Werner quickly steps in to take it off him. He curls an early free-kick into the box, but none of his team-mates are in there, so Dunk can comfortably clear.
Kulusevski knocks it past Estupinan, but he's still got work to do as Gilmour matches his stride all the way. The Swede tries to spin away from him, but it's Gilmour who comes out on top to ease the pressure on Brighton.
CLOSE! Lamptey just hasn't been able to cope with the threat that Werner is showing down the left, and the defender is left on the floor when he cuts inside. The German hits his strike low towards the near post, but a slight nick off Van Hecke helps it wide.
Kulusevski takes the corner short to Porro, who whips a delightful cross into the box. Lallana heads it away just in front of Richarlison but only gets it as far as Sarr on the edge of the box. His effort takes a deflection on its way over.
Brighton are making the first change of the game here, and it's a positive one. Another attacker in Fati is coming on in place of Lallana.
There's so much space in the wide areas for Spurs, with Kulusevski clipping a good cross in this time. It's just behind Maddison, and Lamptey knocks it away from Richarlison before throwing himself in the way of Sarr's follow-up shot.
SARR EQUALISES! It's been coming from Spurs, and they've finally managed to get their goal! It's a wonderful throughball from Kulusevski to cut Brighton wide open, and Sarr latches onto it. His first shot is blocked by Dunk, but it rebounds off the post and straight back to the midfielder, who makes no mistake as he lifts it in from a tight angle. 1-1!
Sarr jumped over the advertising boards to celebrate with the crowd, and he's booked for what is deemed an excessive celebration.
Postecoglou was ready to make this change before the goal and is now introducing three new players. Son gets the captain's armband from Romero as he comes on to a warm reception in place of Bentancur.
Lamptey will be pleased to see the back of Werner, who has given him a tough time in this game. He's replaced by Johnson.
And Bissouma comes on to face his former club as he comes on for Kulusevski.
The ball is long gone by the time Buonanotte steps across Maddison awkwardly from behind. He's the first Brighton name into the book.
Son has a run at Lamptey and wrongfoots him with a clever bit of footwork. He drills a low cross into the middle of the box, but Richarlison can only scuff at his shot.
Brighton are struggling to get any sort of foothold in this game at the minute, and even with their high press, they can't get near Spurs. The hosts are happy to just keep possession in their own half for now.
There's a nervy moment at the back for Spurs as Bissouma knocks it back to Vicario. The goalkeeper gets it caught under his feet with Welbeck bearing down, but he just manages to clear his lines in time.
Spurs have now scored in their last 36 Premier League games in a row (74 goals total) since a 1-0 defeat to Wolves in March 2023. It's the joint-second longest scoring streak by a side in the competition's history (level with Liverpool from March 2019 - February 2020 and Manchester United from December 2007 - November 2008).
The momentum has shifted slightly in Brighton's favour in the last few minutes, and Spurs look a little shaky as the visitors swing crosses into the box. Gross wins a corner, and it's just about scrambled away by Bissouma.
WIDE! Gross shapes as though he's going to cross, but slides it down the left for Mitoma instead, and suddenly Spurs are scrambling. The winger pulls it back to Fati in the middle, but he drags his shot wide of the far post.
BLOCK! It's a wonderful turn from Fati to get away from two defenders in the box, and he does just as well to get it across to Buonanotte while off-balance. The youngster takes on another shot, but this loops wide off Van de Ven.
Estupinan walks off with the ball after being flagged offside, and the referee books him for time-wasting.
Spurs' final change is a double one. The goalscorer, Sarr, is taken off, with Davies on in his place.
And Udogie is also making his way off, with Hojbjerg replacing him.
Van de Ven wins it back and decides to go for a more direct option with a long ball over the top for Johnson to chase. He does reach it, but a heavy first touch sends it bouncing straight out for a Brighton goal-kick.
Brighton are making a double change of their own now. Welbeck, who hasn't been as involved in the second half, goes off for Ferguson.
And Buonanotte is making way for Veltman.
There are shouts for a penalty from the Spurs fans and players for a handball against Dunk. He blocked a long-range strike, and it did hit his arm, but it was to his side and not in an unnatural position. A quick VAR check says the onfield decision was right.
Van Hecke travelled a long way upfield with the ball, only to be dispossessed by Maddison, who quickly mounts a counter. He tries to slide it through to Son, but Veltman is back on the cover to intercept.
It was a footrace between Richarlison and Dunk, and the Brazilian won. Dunk slides in late to catch him on the ankle, and the referee goes straight to his pocket for a yellow card.
Lamptey sees a shot blocked before going down, and the physio is waved onto the pitch. He's quickly back to his feet without needing any real treatment though, and Spurs aren't happy as they think he's time-wasting.
There's going to be at least another six minutes added on here, and Brighton are making a double change. Lamptey is going straight off after getting seen by the physio, and Baleba is on for him.
Gilmour is the other player making way, with Baker-Boaitey replacing him.
Spurs are moving it too slowly and Hojberg has his pocket picked. Brighton can't get it through midfield though, and Gross' attempt to slide it down the left for Mitoma is cut out by Porro.
It's a sloppy pass out from the back by Dunk as he gives it straight to Porro, who swings another good delivery into the box. Maddison is the only one in there for Spurs, but Veltman reaches it first to nod it back to Steele.
JOHNSON WINS IT FOR SPURS! Spurs have snatched a win! It's a lovely team move down the left for Spurs as Maddison slides it through to Richarlison, who picks out Son's overlap. He gets his head up to spot Johnson making a late, unmarked run to the far post, and he meets it first time, firing it into the roof of the net. 2-1 Spurs!
Son didn't waste any time after laying it off to Maddison and he races down the left, with no Brighton defenders tracking him, before putting it on a plate for Johnson.
FULL-TIME: TOTTENHAM 2-1 BRIGHTON.
Spurs come from behind for a huge three points, with Johnson scoring late in stoppage time to snatch a 2-1 win over Brighton. The visitors made a bright start to the game, and Gross gave them the lead from the penalty spot, firing confidently past Vicario. Spurs came to life after that, though they couldn't find a goal in the first half. It took until just after the hour-mark for the hosts' pressure to finally pay off, as Sarr latched onto the rebound from his own blocked shot and lifted it in from a tight angle to level things up. Both teams pushed for a winner, but it was Spurs who managed to find it with a quick break in the 96th minute as Johnson rifled Son's low cross into the roof of the net to seal the three points. It's a win that lifts Spurs into fourth for now, with Villa not playing until Sunday, and they host Wolves next time out. Brighton stay in eighth and will be looking to bounce back on their trip to Sheffield United next weekend. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this fixture in the Premier League, as West Ham United host title-chasing Arsenal in a London derby at the Olympic Stadium.
The Irons are yet to win a match across any competition so far in 2024, and suffered a 3-0 defeat to Manchester United in their last Premier League game following three successive draws. Their last league victory did come in the reverse fixture at the Emirates though, beating Arsenal 2-0 on December 28th, and despite their poor run of form, West Ham will climb to sixth should they claim all three points at the London Stadium.
Arsenal, on the other hand, have won all three of their league fixtures so far this calendar year, responding from a 2-0 FA Cup loss to Liverpool by thumping Crystal Palace and edging Nottingham Forest respectively. The Gunners returned the favour against Liverpool too, defeating the league leaders 3-1 at home last time out, and another win here will take Mikel Arteta’s side back to within two points of the Premier League summit.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Kurt Zouma, Nayef Aguerd, Emerson; Edson Alvarez, Tomas Soucek; Ben Johnson, James Ward-Prowse, Mohammed Kudus; Jarrod Bowen.
WEST HAM SUBS: Lukasz Fabianski, Aaron Cresswell, Kalvin Phillips, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Maxwel Cornet, Danny Ings, Angelo Ogbonna, Divin Mubama, Oliver Scales.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya, Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Jakub Kiwior; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Kai Havertz; Bukayo Saka, Leandro Trossard, Gabriel Martinelli.
ARSENAL SUBS: Aaron Ramsdale, Eddie Nketiah, Cedric Soares, Jorginho, Reiss Nelson, Mohammed Elneny, Mauro Bandeira, Ethan Nwaneri, Reuell Walters.
David Moyes names an unchanged starting XI in the Premier League for the first time since October, when they played the same XI in five consecutive matches. James Ward-Prowse has netted penalties in two of West Ham’s last three games, and plays in behind striker Jarrod Bowen, while Tomas Soucek, who scored the opener at the Emirates in late December, is in a double-pivot alongside Edson Alvarez.
Mikel Arteta makes two changes for the Gunners, bringing Jakub Kiwior and Leandro Trossard into the XI. Kiwior is a like-for-like replacement for Oleksandr Zinchenko at left-back, while Trossard will lead the line up front, flanked by Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli and pushing Kai Havertz back into midfield.
The teams head out onto the London Stadium pitch amidst a sea of West Ham bubbles, and we'll be underway in just a matter of moments here!
Trossard will get the game underway, and kicks off another London derby at the Olympic Stadium in Stratford!
Kudus dispossesses Kiwior and bursts forward threatening to open Arsenal up. He turns and frees Coufal up for a cross, but his ball into the box is headed away by Gabriel at the near post.
Odegaard advances to the edge of West Ham's box and looks to link up with Trossard, but the Belgian takes a poor touch and it rolls on through to Areola.
Bowen makes a run in behind the defence and gets a shot away to test Areola, but everyone else in the stadium has seen the correctly raised offside flag to give Arsenal a free-kick.
West Ham are looking to complete a Premier League double over Arsenal for the first time since 2006-07, following their 2-0 win at the Emirates in December. They also defeated the Gunners 3-1 in a home EFL Cup tie in November.
Odegaard looks to float a ball into the box from deep with Trossard making the run, but Zouma gets there ahead of the forward and heads clear for West Ham.
Martinelli is found in space with a cross-field pass to the left. He whips the ball back in towards the six-yard box, but Aguerd's flick takes the ball behind for a corner.
Areola's throw out from the collected corner is too long for Alvarez, but the Mexican chases on and slides in recklessly on Saka! He's shown a yellow card by the referee for that mistimed challenge, and Gabriel's not happy with Alvarez either.
Rice's first-time ball into the middle is met by Havertz from close-range, but there's no direction on his looping header and Areola collects easily enough.
BLOCKED!!! Saka has Arsenal's first real sight of goal with a speculative shot from 25 yards, which bounces up and takes a deflection off Aguerd to go behind for a corner!
Odegaard's cross to the far post is attacked by the arriving Kiwior, but Alvarez gets goal-side of the defender and glances it behind for another Arsenal set-piece.
Arsenal have won nine and lost just one of their last 15 Premier League away games against West Ham, going down 1-0 in January 2019. Current Gunner Declan Rice scored the winner for the Hammers that day.
CHANCE!!! Johnson and Bowen combine to play a superb one-two down the left-hand side. Johnson drills a low cross in towards Kudus arriving in the centre, but Kiwior does just enough to get a touch on the ball and send it behind for a corner!
West Ham already have beaten Arsenal twice in the Premier League and EFL Cup so far this season. The last London side to beat the Gunners three times in the same campaign were Chelsea in 2005-06, with West Ham only doing so once - back in 1924-25.
BLOCKED!! Martinelli's loose pass is snatched onto by Bowen, who turns and charges at the backtracking Arsenal defence. He lines up a shot from distance and lets fly, but a block from Gabriel sends the ball looping into Raya's gloves!
Saka rides the attempted challenge of Alvarez and shrugs off Emerson to get a shot away from the edge of the box, but his final effort is a poor one and rolls meekly goalwards for Areola to collect.
OVER!!! Saka cuts inside and fizzes a cross in to Trossard, who rises in the middle but can't keep his glancing header on target as it flashes over the bar!
WHAT A SAVE THAT IS!! Martinelli shifts to the right and is put in behind by Saka's throughball. He scoops a cross back for Trossard to hit goalwards, and the Belgian meets it with a powerful first-time volley that is somehow tipped over the bar thanks to miraculous reflexes by Areola!
Saka's initial delivery is punched clear before being recovered by Martinelli, whose cross back into the middle is met by Trossard glancing another headed effort wide!
This is the 11th time that Leandro Trossard, Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka have started a Premier League match together, with Arsenal winning eight of the previous 10 and averaging 2.3 goals per game in the process.
BLOCKED!!! Odegaard's snap-shot from the edge of the box is driven low, taking a deflection off Emerson which wrong-foots Areola and takes the ball behind for another Arsenal corner!
Rice's drilled throughball puts Martinelli scampering in behind the defence, and he sends a pacy, low cross into the middle. Both Odegaard and Saka are chasing it, but Aguerd gets a foot in to clear the ball before either can capitalise!
Just the 69 per cent possession, nine shots and three on target so far for Arsenal, who are dominating this contest in almost every single area - aside from the scoreline of course.
GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!!! Arsenal make a deserved breakthrough!!! Rice swings the corner into a crowded West Ham box, and Saliba climbs above the rest at the far post to nod a simple header in from close range!! You can't say it hasn't been coming, and the Gunners lead 1-0 to make their dominance count!
An on-the-money delivery from Rice, leaving West Ham's defence and goalkeeper stranded as Saliba rose to get on the end of it.
That's Saliba's second goal of the season, and the 11th Arsenal have scored from corners so far this campaign, the most of any side in the Premier League.
WIDE!!! Kiwior stands up a cross for Saka at the far post, but the England forward gets the direction on his effort all wrong, heading across the face of goal and wide of the upright!
CHANCE!!! Wide once more from Saka!!! He's put through on goal by Odegaard's threaded pass between three defenders, and engages the onrushing Areola. He dinks the ball goalwards with the keeper stranded, but it rolls slowly wide of the same post!
PENALTY TO ARSENAL!!! The Gunners have a golden chance to go 2-0 up here!! Saka times his run to perfection to get on the end of Trossard's lofted pass over the top, and knocks the ball past Areola. The West Ham goalkeeper can't get out of the way and  takes Saka to ground, giving the referee no choice but to point to the spot!
Areola's shown a yellow card for that foul, with only the presence of Aguerd in the box preventing the colour of that card from being red.
There's a quick VAR check to see if Saka was definitely onside from his initial run, but it's cleared by the officials and Saka will step up from 12 yards!
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! Saka doubles Arsenal's lead!!! An excellent penalty, swept with power into the bottom-right corner and sending Areola the wrong way. Arsenal have hit another gear since going a goal up, and now lead 2-0 following an expert spot-kick from Saka!
Saka has now contributed to five goals in his last five Premier League games with four strikes and one assist, and that penalty brings him to nine for the season.
GOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! The Gunners are running away with this one!!! They win a free-kick on the left touchline which is arrowed into the box by Rice. Both Havertz and Gabriel attack it at the front post, and it's the Brazilian who gets the final touch to head beyond Areola at the near post!!! 3-0 to the visitors, who are running riot at the London Stadium!
A second assist of the half for Rice against his former club, and for all the West Ham fans won't be happy with him for that, their defending has been shambolic since Saliba opened the scoring.
Another SEVEN minutes of added time to play at the London Stadium, and Arsenal might must fancy their chances of grabbing another goal before half-time does come.
GOOOOOOAAAALLL!!!!! There's number four for Arsenal - how good is this from the Gunners!! They cut through West Ham with ease once more as Odegaard dribbles forward and finds Trossard in the box. He cuts onto his right foot and curls a beautiful shot towards goal, which Areola gets a hand to but can't keep out of the top corner!!! 4-0 now, and how many can Arsenal get at this rate?
A simple ball forward from Odegaard yields another Arsenal goal, forcing the West Ham defence to stand off and giving Trossard the space to curl their fourth home.
Rice has provided two assists in a Premier League match for the very first time in his 228th match, while Odegaard's is his third in seven appearances against West Ham.
The West Ham fans are leaving in droves - and that's putting it lightly - well before the half-time whistle, and it's hardly surprising given how their side have fallen to pieces in the last few minutes. They were defending pretty well for the first half-hour or so!
HALF-TIME: WEST HAM 0-4 ARSENAL.
Well, how best to describe that first half? Arsenal head into the break an astonishing 4-0 up following a dominant performance in every sense of the word. Early chances for Saka, Trossard and Odegaard were all blocked or saved as West Ham kept their shape in defence, but that shape fell to pieces following Saliba's opening goal from a far-post header. A defence-splitting run from Saka soon yielded a penalty for Arsenal, and the forward made it 2-0 from the spot. The one-way traffic continued at pace, with Gabriel heading in another Rice cross just three minutes later, and the Irons' misery was compounded by Trossard curling in number four in stoppage time. The London Stadium is emptying at a rapid rate with many West Ham fans having seen more than enough in that first half, and you get the sense that the second period will be a case of damage limitation for the hosts.
Saka has lead from the front in Arsenal's scorching attacking display thus far, having six attempts on goal and burying his only one on target into the bottom corner from 12 yards. His seven touches in the box and 1.38 xG have been supported by 22 final-third passes - two of which have created big chances - as well as winning six of 10 duels, two dribbles and aerial contests apiece. Saka has also recovered possession four times for the Gunners, twice doing so in the final third as well as winning two free-kicks. Revelation.
West Ham make a pair of half-time changes in a bid to turn their luck around in the second period, with the booked Alvarez replaced by Kalvin Phillips in the centre of midfield.
Former Arsenal defender Konstantinos Mavropanos scored the Hammers' second in their 2-0 win five league games ago, but comes on Zouma in entirely different circumstances this time around.
Bowen kicks the second half off for West Ham, who have one hell of a mountain to climb if they're to spark any sort of comeback in the next 45 minutes.
Martinelli beats Coufal around the outside and cuts the ball back for Trossard, but he fluffs his lines with a first-time finish that is sent looping high and wide of the target!
Arsenal are unbeaten in their last 34 Premier League matches when leading at half-time and have won all seven such games this term, with that run dating back to January 2022's 2-1 loss against Manchester City.
WIDE!!! Havertz sizes up a shot from 20-yard and finds space to strike goalwards, but his low drive rolls just wide of Areola's left-hand post with the goalkeeper at full stretch!
Kudus and Johnson both try their luck from the edge of the Arsenal box, but Rice and Gabriel get in front of each respective shot to keep the Hammers at bay.
Today is only the second time that West Ham have conceded four times in the first half of a Premier League home match. The other was against Leeds United back in November 2002, when they were 4-1 down at half-time and went on to lose 4-3.
Trossard and Saka try a one-two on the edge of West Ham's box, but Emerson slides in with perfect timing to hook the ball away from the latter's feet.
SAVED!!! Odegaard and Havertz combine in the box and link up with Saka, who waltzes through two challenges and fires a shot goalwards which Areola sticks out a big right hand to parry away from danger!
West Ham had only conceded three first-half goals across all their Premier League home games combined this season, making the four they've let Arsenal score in this match look all the more freakish!
The second half has continued in much the same vein as the first ended for both sides, with West Ham chasing shadows and Arsenal strolling through meek defence wherever possible - waiting for their moment to add another goal.
GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! A five-star performance yields goal number five for Arsenal!!! Odegaard finds Saka, who turns on the edge of the box and looks to shoot towards the far corner. Areola guesses that way too, but Saka leaves the goalkeeper helpless as he drills a low shot into the bottom-right corner for 5-0!!! The Gunners are back up and running in the second half, as the onslaught continues in east London.
Odegaard gets another assist, his second of the match, with a simple ball forward which Saka turned to gold.
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!!! Number six for Arsenal, and that one will really sting for the West Ham faithful!! White arrives in the box to get on the end of Martinelli's dinked ball, and passes back to the edge of the area. Trossard and Odegaard both leave it, but Rice doesn't, smashing a first-time thunderbolt which fizzes beyond Areola and into the top-left corner!! A sensational finish not matched by the former Hammer's muted celebration, who adds insult to injury by making it 6-0.
White's ball was simply asking to be hit goalwards, and after Trossard and Odegaard declined the offer, Rice stepped up to take it with both hands.
That ridiculous Rice finish will be his last action of the contest, coming off for Mohamed Elneny with the points firmly in the bag.
Eddie Nketiah also comes on in Arsenal's second change, and he replaces another goalscorer in Trossard up front.
Saka's brace has been one of many highlights in this enigmatic Gunners performance, but he won't get the chance of a hat-trick as Reiss Nelson comes on to complete the triple change.
Declan Rice comes off having been involved in three goals (one goal, two assists) in a Premier League match for the very first time in his career.
West Ham think they've won a corner after Gabriel blocks Ward-Prowse's low cross behind, but an earlier foul on his namesake Martinelli results in a free-kick to the Gunners instead.
SAVED!!!! Nelson slips in the box and can't get on the end of Odegaard's cutback from the byline, but Elneny comes onto the ball at pace and hits a decent first-time effort into the gloves of Areola!
SAVED!!! Havertz advances down the left and links up with Nketiah just inside the box, but the substitute's right-footed effort towards the far corner is saved and held by Areola!
Kudus competes for the ball with Martinelli before losing out to the Arsenal wideman, clipping him late and earning the Ghanaian a yellow card for thus troubles.
West Ham make another change as Aaron Cresswell comes on, replacing a limping Emerson at left-back for the final 15 minutes or so.
Two more changes are also on the way for Arsenal, as the Premier League's youngest-ever player Ethan Nwaneri, 15 at the time of his debut in 2022, enters proceedings in place of Martinelli.
White also comes off at right-back as Mikel Arteta's side round off their changes, with Cedric Soares on in his place.
Arsenal captain Odegaard has now created 12 chances in his two Premier League appearances against West Ham this season, with six in December's 2-0 loss and five more (and counting) this time around.
Nelson and Nwaneri both find themselves crowded out in the box and the latter tees up Elneny on the edge, whose side-footed effort sails well wide of the intended target.
BLOCKED!!! Kudus dribbles in behind Elneny and tries to cut the ball back before Raya gets a foot in, and Gabriel does likewise to deny Bowen from the follow-up as West Ham win a rare corner!
Ward-Prowse looks to put one of his specialist set-piece deliveries into the box, but sends the out-swinger straight into the waiting gloves of Raya.
Nelson tries to clip the ball into Nketiah's path in the centre, but his cross takes a deflection and the striker can't get on the end of it!
This is on course to be West Ham's heaviest ever home defeat in the Premier League. All four previous occasions that the Hammers have lost by a six-goal margin have been on the road.
Nelson whips an Arsenal free-kick into the area from a similar position to which Rice crossed for Gabriel in the first half, but the Brazilian can't connect properly with this one and West Ham come away with possession.
We're set for three added minutes at the London Stadium, which West Ham players, coaches and fans alike will be over as quickly as possible.
Phillips slides in wildly on Nelson as the winger collects a pass from Nketiah, as the West Ham midfielder gets none of the ball but does receive a late yellow card for the challenge.
FULL-TIME: WEST HAM 0-6 ARSENAL.
Arsenal add another two second-half goals to their four-goal buffer from the first 45 minutes, completing a resounding and record-breaking 6-0 victory at the London Stadium. Any hope of West Ham responding after half-time was soon quashed by Bukayo Saka, who lashed in his second and Arsenal's fifth goal in the 63rd minute. Further salt was rubbed in West Ham wounds two minutes later, as former captain Declan Rice thumped in a piledriving effort from 25 yards to make it 6-0, with no signs of life coming from the home side. Substitutes Elneny and Nketiah both drew late saves from Areola as Arsenal refused to lower the ante, but no further goals would come as the Gunners go level on points - and goal difference - with second-placed Manchester City. Their biggest ever home defeat in the Premier League leaves West Ham eighth in the table, and that 6-0 drubbing is a result they need to bounce back from as quickly as possible.
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League fixture, as leaders Liverpool go to the Gtech Community Stadium to face Brentford!
For the first time in many years, it looks like we have a real three-horse title race on our hands in the Premier League, and this weekend, Liverpool get the chance to pull five points clear at the summit as they play before Manchester City and Arsenal. Jurgen Klopp's side bounced back from their 3-1 defeat at the Emirates Stadium by beating Burnley by the same scoreline last week, but they come into this game with a few selection issues, with the likes of Alisson, Trent Alexander-Arnold and Dominik Szoboszlai out. They do, however, have Mohamed Salah available, six weeks on from his last club appearance.
The leaders will face a tough test in west London, though, on a ground where they were beaten 3-1 last season. Brentford looked to be in danger of slipping into the thick of the relegation battle, but Ivan Toney's return from an eight-month ban has provoked an upturn in their fortunes, and he was on the scoresheet as the Bees recorded an impressive 2-0 win at Wolves last week. Thomas Frank's men enter Matchday 25 with a six-point buffer to the bottom three, and they will be desperate to put more ground between themselves and their rivals here.
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Mark Flekken; Nathan Collins, Kristoffer Ajer, Ben Mee; Mads Roerslev, Mathias Jensen, Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt, Sergio Reguilon; Neal Maupay, Ivan Toney.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Yoane Wissa, Zanka, Saman Ghoddos, Frank Onyeka, Thomas Strakosha, Keane Lewis-Potter, Mikkel Damsgaard, Shandon Baptiste, Yehor Yarmoliuk.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Caoimhin Kelleher; Conor Bradley, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil van Dijk, Andy Robertson; Alexis Mac Allister, Wataru Endo, Curtis Jones; Diogo Jota, Darwin Nunez, Luis Diaz.
LIVERPOOL SUBS: Joe Gomez, Mohamed Salah, Adrian, Cody Gakpo, Harvey Elliott, Kostas Tsimikas, Ryan Gravenberch, James McConnell, Jarell Quansah.
Frank makes just one change to the Brentford team that won at Molineux last week. That switch comes in the heart of defence as Ajer replaces the injured Ethan Pinnock, but the Bees have received a double boost elsewhere. Wissa and Onyeka are both named among the substitutes after returning from the Africa Cup of Nations, with Maupay holding off a challenge from the former to keep his place alongside Toney.
Klopp, meanwhile, makes two changes to the Liverpool XI which started last week's win over Burnley. Alexander-Arnold is out with a knee injury which will also sideline him for next week's EFL Cup final, meaning Bradley returns at right-back. Konate returns from suspension to replace Quansah at centre-back, but Kelleher continues in goal after Alisson reportedly suffered a hamstring injury in training on Friday. There are plenty of big names on the Reds' bench, not least the returning Salah, who has recovered from the hamstring issue which ended his Africa Cup of Nations campaign.
The players are out at the Gtech Community Stadium! Kick-off is just moments away!
We're under way in west London as Liverpool – donning their all purple change kit – get the ball rolling through Nunez!
Klopp famously isn't keen on these early Saturday kick-offs, but Liverpool are unbeaten in their four Premier League games taking place at 12:30pm on a Saturday this season (three wins, one draw), having failed to win any of their six such matches last term (three draws, three losses).
A poor pass from Jota stops a Liverpool break in its tracks, and Brentford come forward through Jensen. He crosses low from the right and Van Dijk is forced to make the block, then Diaz gets back to recover possession.
WIDE! The first chance goes Brentford's way! The home fans aren't happy as Konate is all over Maupay, but the Frenchman does well to hold the ball up and work it infield to Norgaard. He finds Janelt in space, and the midfielder drags a poor left-footed effort well wide – he should have done better!
Brentford have made a very positive start here! Reguilon almost bursts onto a reverse pass into the box from Maupay, and Van Dijk is forced to put his foot through the ball. Liverpool are being penned back early on.
Action at both ends! Janelt looks to break in behind with Liverpool caught upfield, and Van Dijk is forced into another booming clearance. Liverpool then attack down their right through Nunez, but there's nobody there to tap his low cross home – it only needed a touch!
Jota – the Premier League's Player of the Month for January – carries the ball through the centre of the field and looks to release Nunez, but Mee closes him down and blocks the pass. We've had a high-octane start to this one!
DOUBLE SAVE! Bradley almost gets his second Premier League goal, drifting infield before prodding an audacious attempt towards the bottom-right corner, using the outside of his boot. Flekken does brilliantly to push it away, then he gets up to make himself big and smother Jota's follow-up!
Liverpool have both scored and conceded in all seven of their away league games against Brentford. They lost 3-1 here last season but have never lost successive away matches against the Bees before. Should we expect plenty of goalmouth action?
Liverpool are starting to enjoy more possession now. Robertson looks to hang a cross up with Mac Allister hitting the area, but it drifts all the way through to Flekken.
Nunez tries to trick his way down the left wing and wins a corner for Liverpool. Robertson's kick is headed clear inside a crowded six-yard box, then Jota is just unable to reach the second delivery into the box.
There's a brief VAR check on a possible penalty for Liverpool, as Janelt seemed to have a hold of Jota, wrestling the Portugal international to the ground in advance of the corner being delivered. The check is quickly cleared, and Brentford might have gotten away with one there...
WIDE! Maupay and Toney are causing Liverpool problems here! The former drops deep before rolling a clever pass into the path of Toney, who sends his left-footed finish across goal and narrowly wide of the bottom-right corner. Unlucky!
It's another positive moment for Brentford as Toney tries to break into the area, being caught by Mac Allister right on the line. Michael Oliver points for a free-kick, rather than a penalty, and the VAR agrees with that call. It's still a promising position for Toney, though…
Straight at the goalkeeper! Toney's effort is a poor one and Kelleher is totally untroubled in the centre of his goal.
Since Toney's first Premier League appearance of the season on January 20, only three players have more goals in the division than he does (three in four games). Liverpool are, however, one of four teams he has faced without ever scoring in the competition (three games, seven shots, one shot on target).
Robertson surges down the left before firing off a cross, but it's overhit and Bradley has to work to keep it alive on the far side. He works it infield to Diaz, who in turn sends it back to the left, and another Robertson delivery is headed out by Mee. Brentford are defending very well here.
SAVE! Brentford continue to threaten on the break. Toney is sent racing into the right-hand channel by Maupay, but Van Dijk sticks with him and his low strike eventually lacks the necessary power to beat Kelleher. Liverpool are just struggling to get into their rhythm here.
GOOD SAVE! Now it's Liverpool's turn to threaten as Jota brings down a bouncing ball before firing off a shot from the edge of the box, and Flekken springs up to push it over the crossbar. Corner.
The Brentford fans aren't happy as Endo appears to handle from Robertson's inswinging delivery, but the referee doesn't see it and Liverpool eventually win another corner. Again, the home defence stands firm, with Ajer stepping in to intercept ahead of Nunez on the edge of the box.
Brentford look to load the area from a deep free-kick, but Mee is just unable to keep it alive at the far post. Frank will be very happy with how his side have matched Liverpool so far, though, as we pass the 25-minute mark.
What a run from Jota! That's brilliant work from the Portugal forward, whose powerful run takes him past three Brentford challenges, from the halfway line to the edge of the area. His last touch just runs too long, though, and the home defence can crowd Diaz out as he tries to bring the loose ball in.
Toney takes aim with an audacious attempt from near the right corner of the Liverpool box, but it dribbles well wide of the bottom-left corner. He was never troubling Kelleher there.
Good move! Maupay has been excellent so far. A mazy run takes him to the edge of the Liverpool box, where he offloads to Janelt. His lay-off allows Norgaard to take aim, but his shot dribbles wide of the bottom-left corner.
This is a concern for Liverpool. Jones lost out in a 50-50 earlier in the move which led to that last Brentford chance, and he has stayed down. He looks to have gone over on his ankle, and he's still receiving treatment.
Jones is moving very gingerly as he makes his way to the sideline. It doesn't look like he'll be able to carry on, and Liverpool will soldier on with 10 men until the change can be made.
The pace of the game has just dropped now, after Brentford's fast start and Liverpool's subsequent spell of pressure. Bradley ups the tempo by racing down the right to cross for Diaz, but a slight touch from a defender takes it away from the Colombian.
Gravenberch enters the action for Liverpool as Jones makes his way around the pitch and towards the tunnel. With the EFL Cup final on the horizon and Alexander-Arnold and Szoboszlai out, that is a real worry for Klopp.
GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! NUNEZ WITH A LOVELY FINISH! What a counterattack from Liverpool! Brentford load the box from a deep free-kick, with Van Dijk hammering a clearance away as the Bees look to make something of a flick-on. There's just one Brentford defender back as Jota wins a clever header to release Nunez one-on-one, and the Uruguayan nonchalantly scoops the ball over Flekken! 1-0!
What an assist that is from Jota. The forward is running away from goal in the left-hand channel but still manages to send his header perfectly into the path of Nunez, who does the rest!
Now Diaz looks to break into the box on the right-hand side, but his cutback is smothered by Flekken. That goal has put a spring in Liverpool's step. There may be questions asked as to how Brentford left themselves so short-handed at the back from the initial set-piece, though.
After assisting Nunez's opener, Jota has 15 goal involvements across his last 19 away starts in the Premier League for Liverpool (eight goals, seven assists).
Now Jota is down inside the Brentford half, having been come off worse from a collision involving both Norgaard and Mac Allister. Klopp looks on ruefully, he can't afford any further injuries.
This is a major concern for Liverpool. Jota attempts to get up before immediately dropping back to the turf, and a stretcher is being brought out.
It looks like Jota was hurt upon landing in that previous challenge, with Norgaard falling on top of him. Salah is preparing to enter the action – it's not a bad replacement, but this is not the way Liverpool wanted him to make his return.
Jota is carried off on a stretcher as Salah enters the fray. We will likely have a lengthy amount of first-half stoppage time now.
There's the first booking of the game, and it goes to Reguilon. The Tottenham loanee dives into a poor challenge on Bradley, catching the youngster on the top of his boot, and deservedly sees yellow.
Almost a brilliant move! Salah's first involvement sees him volley a pass over the top to Nunez, who cushions it back across the box with Diaz lurking. Fortunately for Brentford, Flekken reaches the pass first.
We are into EIGHT minutes of first-half stoppage time, following those injuries to Jones and Jota.
BIG CHANCE FOR 2-0! Jensen lines up a long throw into the Liverpool box, which causes a scramble before Konate clears. Diaz has so much space as he drives down the left on the counterattack, before cutting it back for Salah, who just can't sort his feet out as the ball bobbles off his leg and is cleared!
A recurring theme of this game has been Brentford leaving themselves short from their own set-pieces, piling as many players into the box as possible. They get another dead-ball opportunity out on the left, as Konate pushes Maupay over.
Kelleher makes the catch from the free-kick before looking to set Salah off on the break, but this time, Brentford get men back to recover the long kick out. Reguilon then gets up the left to cross, and though Toney plucks his overhit delivery out of the air on the far side, he can't stop it drifting behind.
Brentford have managed eight shots to Liverpool's five here, but the Reds are winning the expected goals (xG) battle 1.06-0.32. The Bees have had plenty of audacious attempts, failing to carve out a clear chance in the last half-hour or so.
HALF-TIME: BRENTFORD 0-1 LIVERPOOL.
It's half-time at the Gtech Community Stadium, and as things stand, Liverpool are set to move five points clear at the top of the Premier League thanks to Nunez's lovely dinked finish. The Reds struggled with Brentford's intensity early on but have slowly taken charge of the game, and if not for a couple of good saves from Flekken and a rare miscue from Salah, they might be further ahead. However, it wasn't all positive for Klopp, as he was forced to use two substitutions to replace the injured Jones and Jota. With Alisson, Alexander-Arnold and Szoboszlai already out, the Reds' selection issues are piling up.
Frank will be pleased with aspects of Brentford's performance despite the scoreline; Maupay and Toney caused Liverpool problems early on, and the Bees look dangerous from set-pieces. However, they have also caused their own issues from those same situations, with Liverpool's goal arriving when they left one man back from a deep free-kick, giving Jota and Nunez space on the break. It was a bit naïve from Frank's usually streetwise side.
Klopp has made a third change at the break, introducing Gakpo for goalscorer Nunez. Reds fans will be hoping that is not another fitness concern – with two of his three substitution windows used up, it could just be smart management from Klopp.
We're under way for the second half as Brentford get the ball rolling! Is there a way back for the Bees?
There's an injury concern for Brentford now, with Toney down after Bradley's studs appeared to catch him on the back of the calf as the pair contested an aerial duel. He's still receiving treatment – it looked like a painful one.
Toney will be fine to continue after receiving treatment. He had to leave the pitch temporarily, but is now allowed back on by referee Oliver.
Only Aston Villa (three) have dropped fewer points from winning positions than Liverpool in the Premier League this season (four). Brentford, meanwhile, have recovered a middling eight points from losing positions in the Premier League this campaign.
Liverpool should do better! Diaz has space as he advances towards the edge of the box, with Gakpo making a good run off the shoulder of the last defender. However, Diaz hits his pass with too much power, and Gakpo can't get it out of his feet inside the area.
Over! Now Diaz cuts inside from the left and finds space for a shot, and Flekken looks concerned as it just rises over his crossbar. Decent effort, but no reward.
HUGE MISS! How is it not 2-0?! Brentford's defensive line is nowhere to be seen again as Salah latches onto a long pass over the top. He looks destined to double Liverpool's lead as he scampers into the area, but he completely misjudges his finish and dinks it well wide of the near post. Brentford won't get many more let-offs like that one!
Important defending! For a team known for their solidity, Brentford are giving up so much space on the break. Liverpool have a three-on-two situation as Salah darts across halfway before electing to go right with his pass to Gakpo. Gakpo tries to cut it back to Salah, but Janelt gets back in with a vital intervention.
Liverpool have scored more second-half goals than any other side in the Premier League this term (34). Brentford need to force the issue at some point, but they also need to be wary of their opponents' counterattacking prowess.
GOOOOOOAAAAAAALLL! MAC ALLISTER MAKES IT 2-0! Liverpool have the second goal they have been threatening since the restart! Salah is at the heart of it, taking in Gravenberch's pass before finding Mac Allister's run with a terrific ball into the box. The Argentine's first touch takes the ball between the legs of Collins, then he slides his finish past the helpless Flekken. Great goal!
Salah is back with a bang! From an inside-right position, he plays a lovely ball into the D, where Mac Allister breaks onto it, leaves Collins grounded, and prods home!
Almost! Janelt spots Kelleher off his line and goes for goal from inside his own half, and the Liverpool goalkeeper is visibly worried as he darts back. However, the midfielder's audacious effort drops a couple of yards wide.
Chance, but the flag is up! Brentford fire another deep free-kick towards the danger zone as they seek a response. Mee wins the first header, then Toney flicks the ball towards goal, but Maupay can only help it onto the roof of the net before seeing the flag raised against him.
Over! The ever-impressive Bradley inverts into a midfield position, taking a touch out of his feet before sending a rasping drive over the crossbar from 25 yards out. It was only a yard too high.
Brentford have lost four of their last six home Premier League matches, as many as they had in their previous 30 (15 wins, 11 draws, four defeats). They look destined for another loss here, with Liverpool able to pick their moments to strike on the break at 2-0.
Salah has been directly involved in four goals across his last two Premier League appearances (two goals, two assists), as many as in his previous six games in the competition. His month-long lay-off doesn't look to have affected him too much.
Liverpool look to be in control now, with the atmosphere falling flat in west London. Frank is about to respond with two substitutions.
We're going to see the returns of Brentford's two African stars. Onyeka is on for Norgaard in midfield.
Wissa, meanwhile, is on for Maupay. He might feel hard done by, having been a menace to Liverpool's defence from the off.
In fact, Frank will make it a triple change, with Lewis-Potter on for Roerslev in a positive switch.
Brentford have done plenty of things well here, but they have certainly caused their own issues. In the build-up to Liverpool's second goal, a flat kick from Flekken failed to clear the halfway line and was won back by Endo, allowing Liverpool to quickly feed the ball wide to Salah.
Toney gets back in a bid to recover possession for Brentford, but his loose touch only succeeds in teeing Gakpo up for a 20-yard strike. It's blocked at close quarters, but the ball is soon back with Liverpool. They're in total control now.
Good move! Gravenberch feeds a pass into Salah inside the Brentford area, and he immediately lays it off to Mac Allister. Salah wants the ball played back to him, but the Argentine sees a first-time shot blocked.
Endo becomes the first Liverpool player to see yellow for a foul on halfway.
GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! SALAH ADDS A THIRD! That is surely game over as Liverpool punish some abysmal Brentford defending! Kelleher sends a straightforward kick up into the Brentford half, where Gakpo outjumps Ajer to glance it on. Both Collins and Mee hesitate and end up leaving the loose ball to Salah, who bustles into the area, holds off his marker and finishes across Flekken. 3-0 to the leaders – they are going five points clear!
Gakpo gets the assist for his fellow substitute, flicking Kelleher's long kick into his path, but what are Collins and Mee doing? They both left the ball for each other, and Salah took full advantage.
Salah now has six goal involvements in five league games against Brentford (five goals, one assist), scoring in each of his previous three league games against the Bees. His latest effort has surely put this match beyond Frank's men.
PENALTY APPEAL! Reguilon gets up the left wing to cross for Toney, who is clattered from behind by Robertson and goes down inside the area. The Brentford fans scream for a spot-kick, then Endo – who is on a yellow – flies into a 50-50 with Onyeka. Oliver penalises Onyeka, and the VAR clears the initial Robertson challenge – that was a risky one!
Onyeka is booked for his challenge on Endo, further irritating the home fans.
Liverpool were a little fortunate there, as Robertson got nowhere near the ball as he barged Toney over. The argument might be that Toney knew what he was doing – he had a glance over his shoulder and anticipated the contact.
Frank makes his fourth change as Damsgaard replaces Jensen.
GOOOAAAALL! TONEY GETS ONE BACK! That's more like it from Brentford! Wissa darts onto a ball down the right-hand channel and finds Reguilon with his cutback, despite being caught late by Konate. The left wing-back sees his shot brilliantly saved by Kelleher, but Toney is on hand to side-foot the rebound home. It's 3-1 – they couldn't, could they?
Toney has netted his first Premier League goal against Liverpool on what is his fourth appearance against them in the competition. That has given the home crowd a lift.
Brentford are just doing everything a little quicker now. Full credit to Frank's side – they could have sunk without trace when Salah made it 3-0, but they have shown plenty of fight since then.
Liverpool are preparing their final two changes now. Mac Allister looks for Diaz with a cute backheel inside a crowded penalty area, but it's just cut out.
That's better from Brentford as Flekken picks out Damsgaard in space with a neat, driven pass. He advances over halfway before attempting to release Wissa, but Konate slides in to snuff out the danger. We've got 10 minutes to play, with Brentford trying to set up a grandstand finish.
PENALTY APPEAL! Diaz sprints into the box, hitting the byline before chopping back as Collins dives in. Oliver initially doesn't give a spot-kick, but replays show contact from the defender on the slide. There's a VAR check in the background… no penalty is the decision, there wasn't enough in it to bring Diaz down.
Here come those Liverpool changes. Elliott is on for one of the goalscorers, the impressive Mac Allister.
Gomez, meanwhile, is on for Bradley. Klopp wraps his young full-back in cotton wool after seeing Alexander-Arnold ruled out of next week's cup final.
Frank responds by using his final change. Ghoddos is back from the Asian Cup, and he replaces Reguilon.
GOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLL! GAKPO MAKES THE POINTS SAFE FOR LIVERPOOL! The visitors have four, and yet again, it's poor defending from Collins. He fails to deal with a long ball down the right channel, then there's another error as Ghoddos allows Diaz's pass to slip under his boot and reach Gakpo. He makes no mistake when bearing down on Flekken, opening up his body to finish on his left foot – 4-1!
Diaz gets the assist, slipping a pass infield to find Gakpo running through on goal. Ghoddos should have cut it out, but individual errors cost Brentford again!
This is a real statement result for Liverpool, who have made a potentially tricky away game look routine. Arsenal go to Burnley and Manchester City face Chelsea later on Saturday – how will the Reds' title rivals respond?
Before kick-off, Liverpool had 15 more points (54) than they had after 24 games of last season (39). In three of the previous four top-flight campaigns where the Reds had at least 54 points after 24 games, they have finished second (in 1990-91, 2018-19 & 2021-22). The other was in 2019-20, when they had 70 points at this stage and won the Premier League.
SAVE! Liverpool win a free-kick in an excellent position, slightly to the right of the D. Salah surprisingly leaves it for Elliott, who sees a low, curling effort pushed away by Flekken.
We are into seven minutes of stoppage time here – that is a number the home fans weren't too pleased to see.
Endo is perhaps fortunate to walk away without a second yellow after catching Onyeka wide on the Brentford right. The Bees will whip this free-kick into a crowded penalty area.
WHAT A SAVE! Brentford, and Toney, should have a second. Toney meets Damsgaard's delivery with a glancing header at the near post, but Kelleher reacts with a great one-handed save, pushing it away before the Liverpool backline completes the clearance.
Brentford win another free-kick, this one in a much more central area. Toney takes on the shot, but it deflects wide off the wall and the Bees fail to make the resulting corner count. The hosts are going through the motions now at 4-1 down.
Diaz tip-toes past Collins as Liverpool continue to chase a fifth goal, but Janelt gets back to intercept his left-footed cutback. Liverpool come back and win a corner, which Robertson will take from the left.
WOODWORK! Robertson's delivery finds Van Dijk completely unmarked, but the defender crashes his header off the top of the crossbar as Brentford avoid further damage. That will be that at the Gtech!
FULL-TIME: BRENTFORD 1-4 LIVERPOOL.
The full-time whistle sounds in west London, and Liverpool pass what could have been a stern test of their title ambitions with flying colours! Nunez's chipped finish had the Reds ahead before half-time, and injuries to Jones and Jota failed to knock Klopp's side off their stride as they raced into a 3-0 lead after the break. Mac Allister took in Salah's pass before sliding his finish past Flekken, then the Egyptian got himself on the scoresheet by punishing some terrible defending from Collins and Mee. Toney pulled one back for Brentford, but the Bees were unable to rouse themselves late on as Diaz teed up Gakpo for a fourth. Liverpool go five points clear at the summit, and they can now put their feet up and watch on as Arsenal and Manchester City take to the field later on Saturday. That's all from the Gtech Community Stadium, so thank you for your company and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Burnley and Arsenal at Turf Moor.
Burnley's romp to the Championship title last term meant they returned to the top-flight with huge expectations, but some people's lofty pre-season predictions are looking a little silly now, with the Clarets having won just three games all season and staring down the barrel of relegation. They are currently kept off the bottom of the table by fellow promoted side Sheffield United, and with just 14 games left of the season, Burnley will need to start putting wins on the board if they are to overturn the current seven-point gap to safety.
At the other end of the table, Arsenal head into the weekend just two points off leaders Liverpool, who they beat at the Emirates Stadium earlier this month. That result, combined with a 6-0 humiliation of London rivals West Ham last time out, means the Gunners are fancying their chances of going one better than they did last season, missing out on the title to Manchester City after leading for the majority of the campaign. A win here will be crucial, though, to ensure they at least keep pace with Liverpool and City.
BURNLEY (4-4-2): James Trafford; Lorenz Assignon, Dara O'Shea, Maxime Esteve, Hannes Delcroix; Aaron Ramsey, Sander Berge, Josh Brownhill, Wilson Odobert; Datro Fofana, Mohamed Zeki Amdouni.
SUBS: Jacob Bruun Larsen, Jack Cork, Arijanet Muric, Charlie Taylor, Johann Gudmundsson, Vitinho, Jay Rodriguez, Manuel Benson, Josh Cullen.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, Gabriel Magalhaes, William Saliba, Jakub Kiwior; Martin Odegaard, Declan Rice, Kai Havertz; Bukayo Saka, Leandro Trossard, Gabriel Martinelli.
SUBS: Reiss Nelson, Eddie Nketiah, Emile Smith Rowe, Aaron Ramsdale, Cedric Soares, Jorginho, James Sweet, Mauro Bandeira, Mohamed Elneny.
Vincent Kompany names an unchanged starting XI from the side that lost 3-1 at Anfield against Liverpool last weekend, with Fofana leading the line with Amdouni having netted a brace in Burnley's 2-2 draw with Fulham earlier this month. Taylor returns to the bench having missed time with a shoulder injury.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, Mikel Arteta also names the exact same side that started the 6-0 thumping of West Ham at the London Stadium last Sunday, with Saka starting on the right having scored a double in that match. Arteta's decision to go close to his strongest team is notable with a big Champions League knockout-round first leg coming up away at Porto on Wednesday, and surely he will look to get his key players off if the Gunners can put Burnley away as soon as possible.
The two teams make their way onto the Turf Moor pitch ahead of this vital game at both ends of the Premier League. Who will come out on top? We will find out shortly!
The hosts kick us off and we are under way in Burnley!
Burnley have started brightly, flying into tackles and looking to get after the high-flying Gunners. The home fans are encouraged, but Arsenal will not be too rustled.
GOOOAAALLL!!! ODEGAARD SCORES A STUNNER!!! It didn't take long for Arsenal to take the lead as they catch Burnley out. Rice has far too much space, striding forward before laying it to his left for Martinelli. The winger does well to cut the ball back for Odegaard just outside the box with the help of a deflection, and the Gunners' captain takes a touch before rifling into the bottom corner. 1-0 to Arsenal!
The next goal in this game will be absolutely crucial. If Arsenal get it, it could be a long remainder of the match for the Clarets, and worse, it could deepen their goal-difference woes.
Ramsey collects the first booking of the game by clattering into Saka in Arsenal's half.
Burnley have won just one of their 17 Premier League games against Arsenal (four draws, 12 defeats), with that win coming at the Emirates Stadium in December 2020. Based on the evidence of this match so far, that poor record looks like it will continue.
VITAL FROM TRAFFORD! Arsenal carve the hosts again far too easily, Saka lofting a delightful ball over the top for Trossard. The Belgian charges into the box and instead of shooting, decides to try and take it round Trafford. However, a crucial last-ditch intervention from the Burnley goalkeeper sees him paw the ball away with his right hand before his defenders clear the danger.
After an encouraging start, the Clarets have barely laid a glove on the visitors, who are looking increasingly comfortable as the game goes on. They are really showing their class at the moment and it feels like they will score every time they come forward.
Burnley have a record of no wins, one draw and 13 defeats when conceding the opening goal in the Premier League this campaign. They have struggled to find a response all season when going behind, and that has been very visible in this match too.
Twenty minutes on the clock and Kompany, who is up in the Turf Moor stands because of a one-game touchline ban, will be far from impressed with his side's display so far. They have had just 33.5 per cent possession and only one shot, which accounted for 0.01 xG (expected goals).
Since the start of last season, only six players have been involved in more Premier League goals than Odegaard (32 - 20 goals, 12 assists), while he's had a hand in more goals than any other midfielder in the competition during this period.
For all of Arsenal's possession and territory, Odegaard's goal remains the only shot on target from either side. Burnley have been woeful, but the visitors could yet pay for not turning their dominance into more goals.
The hosts finally show a bit of attacking threat through Odobert, who skips into the box before getting a shot away from a difficult angle. While Raya easily saves, that should give the home fans a bit of hope that they can yet get back into this contest.
Arsenal are unbeaten in their last 10 away league games against Burnley (five wins, five draws). Eight of these have come in the Premier League, with only Chelsea playing away against a side more often without ever losing in the competition (nine, also against Burnley).
In recent minutes, the visitors have just not quite looked in the confident mood that was visible early on. While they are yet to be particularly troubled by Burnley, Arteta will hope they can get back to the free-flowing football from the opening exchanges.
Arsenal take a quick free-kick, setting Saka away down the right of Burnley's penalty area. He fires a cross towards the back post where Martinelli is waiting to turn home, but Berge manages to get back in the nick of time to make a vital intervention, turning behind for a corner.
All of a sudden, the Gunners are nipping the ball about with the same verve from early on in the game. Kompany will be hoping his men can make it to the interval just the one goal down to regroup and devise a plan for a second-half comeback.
Arsenal are one of only two sides with a 100 per cent Premier League record in 2024 so far, winning all four games and scoring 16 goals. It’s only the second time they've won their first four league games in a year, also doing so in 1935. They've never won their opening five league games in a calendar year, but it looks like that could change here.
PENALTY TO ARSENAL!!! Odegaard fires a ball into Havertz's feet, and the Germany international manages to poke the ball into the path of Trossard. The winger takes the ball into the penalty area, and in Assignon's desperate attempts to nick the ball away from Trossard, he inadvertently brings him down. The referee does not hesitate to point to the spot, and the Gunners will have a huge chance to go two goals to the good before the break.
Assignon receives a booking for the foul which led to the penalty, bringing down Trossard.
GOOOAAALLL!!! SAKA SCORES FROM THE SPOT!!! It's not the best of penalties from the winger, who looks to place it into the bottom right corner. Trafford dives the right way and certainly has a chance of getting there, but he is just a little late with his reaction and the spot-kick finds its way into the back of the net. 2-0 to the Gunners!
You suspect it could be a long way back for Burnley now, especially as the hosts have barely laid a glove on Arsenal in attack. Arteta will be wanting his side to go for the kill here so he can rest players ahead of Wednesday's big Champions League meeting with Porto.
There will be three minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
Saka petulantly kicks the ball away after being penalised for a foul, receiving a booking for his troubles.
HALF-TIME: BURNLEY 0-2 ARSENAL
The half-time whistle blows with Arsenal cruising at Turf Moor, currently 2-0 up against Burnley thanks to goals from Odegaard and Saka. They were ahead after just four minutes, Martinelli pulling the ball back to the edge of the box for Odegaard, who took a touch before rifling a superb finish into the bottom corner. The Gunners then made it 2-0 with four minutes to go until the interval, Assignon bringing down Trossard for a penalty before Saka's penalty squeezed into the bottom corner past a despairing Trafford to leave Arsenal in command at the break.
Things are looking fairly bleak for the Clarets, who had just 32.1 per cent of the possession in that first half, while they only managed two shots and none on target. While Arsenal have been impressive in stages, it feels like they haven't really had to get out of first gear to this point.
Kompany makes a change at the interval, bringing on Gudmundsson for Amdouni.
The Gunners get the ball rolling again for the second half.
Odegaard adds to his earlier goal with a clever assist for Saka, playing it to his team-mate with a perfectly weighted pass.
GOOOAAALLL!!! SAKA SCORES AGAIN!!! He scored a double in the romp over West Ham last week, and the Arsenal youth product has done the same here to tighten his side's grip on the game even further. Odegaard does brilliantly to receive the ball and turn before laying it to his right for Saka. The winger is forced onto his weaker right foot, but it hardly looks like that as he crashes a finish past Trafford and into the back of the net. 3-0 to Arsenal!
That might be that for Burnley in terms of getting back into this game. This could end up being damage limitation in this second half, with only bottom club Sheffield United having a worse goal difference than the Clarets.
For the Gunners, the question surely becomes when Arteta will look to get his star players off the Turf Moor pitch ahead of Wednesday's Champions League first leg. They surely have this game won, but will Arteta look to score one more before he starts freshening up his team?
Saka has now scored 12 Premier League goals this season, just two behind his career-best total of 14 from last season. He should end up blitzing past that this campaign.
Burnley have scored just nine goals in their 17 Premier League games against Arsenal, and never more than once in a match. It’s the most one side has faced another in the competition without ever netting multiple goals.
Ramsey is left in a heap after a coming-together with Odegaard, and the hosts may be forced into a change here with the former Aston Villa man looking in some distress.
This is not looking good for Ramsey, with the stretcher on and the midfielder receiving treatment from a lot of medical personnel.
Taylor makes his return from a shoulder injury that has seen him not play since January 5, coming on for Esteve.
Ramsey is indeed taken off on a stretcher, with Rodriguez the man chosen to deputise.
A chance to make it 4-0 comes and goes as Brownhill is caught in possession in a dangerous area. Martinelli ends up flicking the ball to Trossard, but the Belgium international slices his shot wide of the target. He really should have done better there, and that really would've been game over.
WIDE! Arsenal are really pressing now. They again win the ball high, and Martinelli feeds the ball into Trossard, who looks to curl into the top left corner first time. It looks destined for the top corner, but ends up flying just wide of the left post.
GOOOAAALLL!!! TROSSARD MAKES IT 4-0!!! Having gone close on a couple of occasions in the last couple of minutes, Trossard finally gets his goal. Kiwior floats a cross into the middle, and while Havertz can't make the most of it, the ball eventually comes out to Trossard, who smashes into the bottom corner to surely put Arsenal out of sight.
With the three points surely in the bag, Arteta finally decides to make some changes with the Porto game on his mind. The first sees Trossard make way for Nketiah.
Saka gets a rest, with Nelson on to replace him.
Soares enters the fray at right-back as White trudges off.
Since the start of last season, Saka is one of just five players to score at least seven Premier League goals with both feet, netting seven with his right and 18 with his left.
It's nearly five as Martinelli beats his man before lofting a cross into the middle, though Nketiah can only nod well wide of the right post. The Gunners are showing no sign of letting up here.
Burnley have just never seriously looked like they are going to score in this game. Arsenal have been so, so comfortable, and it looks like they are heading to a sixth consecutive league win.
GOOOAAALLL!!! IT'S FIVE FOR ARSENAL!!! Havertz is the scorer, and it's quite some goal too as he chases onto a throw-in before charging into the box. He nips the ball through the legs of Odobert to put himself in on goal, before lofting a cool finish into the back of the net to make it 5-0 to the Gunners!
Kiwior gets an assist with a throw-in, heaving the ball down the line for Havertz before the Germany international superbly did the rest.
Rice makes way after another very strong performance in midfield, with Jorginho joining the action.
Bruun Larsen comes on for Odobert with 10 minutes to play.
Assignon is replaced by Vitinho for Burnley.
This has been a really impressive second half from Arsenal, who have put Burnley to the sword against admittedly limited opposition.
Having put Arsenal 5-0 up, Havertz receives a standing ovation from the away end with his game over. Smith Rowe also receives warm applause as he makes his return from injury.
They may be five goals to the good, but the visitors are still looking hungry to score even more. They are zipping the ball about the pitch looking for an opening that could improve their goal difference even further after last week's hammering of West Ham.
Fofana looks to get a consolation for his team with a shot from a difficult angle, but his effort comes off Gabriel's studs and goes into the side-netting. The subsequent corner comes to nothing as we still await Burnley's first shot on target.
There will be 10 minutes of additional time at the end of this game because of the long delay for Ramsey's serious-looking injury.
Bruun Larsen tries to get his name on the scoresheet late on, but his effort is always curling away and flies a couple of yards wide of the left post.
Burnley fans are streaming for the exits now with their side well beaten. It's been a really poor display, and while they were playing top-tier opposition, on this evidence staying up could be an almighty struggle.
Odegaard goes for goal from a free-kick, but Trafford shuffles to his left before beating the effort away from danger. It just didn't have the necessary power to really trouble the Burnley goalkeeper.
Brownhill arrows a powerful effort just wide of the right post after the ball sat up nicely for him to hit. That is about as close as the Clarets have come in this game, with the home side yet to have a shot on target.
FULL-TIME: BURNLEY 0-5 ARSENAL
Yet another brilliant Arsenal display sees them run out dominant winners at Turf Moor as they hammer hapless Burnley 5-0. The visitors were ahead after just four minutes as Odegaard rifled home from Martinelli's cutback, and it was 2-0 with four minutes to go until the break, Assignon bringing down Trossard before Saka squeezed the resulting penalty past Trafford and in. Any hopes of a Burnley comeback were ended just moments after the break as Saka thumped home, before Trossard netted to make it 4-0. Havertz rounded off the scoring with 78 minutes on the clock with a brilliant solo effort, weaving into the box before coolly finishing. A sixth straight win for Arsenal means they go two points off leaders Liverpool, while their +11 goal difference over the last two games means that Manchester City would have to beat Chelsea by five goals later on Saturday to leapfrog the Gunners into second. For Burnley, they remain seven points off safety, and relegation looks an increasingly looming prospect. They have a crucial game away at fellow strugglers Crystal Palace next Saturday, while Arsenal play on Wednesday away at Porto in a Champions League round-of-16 first leg. That is all we have for you from Turf Moor, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Everton and Crystal Palace at Goodison Park.
As Everton await their verdict after the club appealed against their 10-point deduction earlier in this season, Sean Dyche’s side currently sit in 18th place in the Premier League and are battling to stay in the division. Everton have drawn their last two Premier League matches at Goodison Park – they haven’t drawn three in a row at home since a run of four in January/February 2015. Today, they host a Palace side who haven’t secured the three points in their last eight visits to the Toffees. Dyche’s men need to build some momentum after a tricky run of form, having not won in their last seven league fixtures (D3 L4). A win would see Everton climb above Luton Town and out of the relegation zone.
Palace will be playing their first game without Roy Hodgson, who left the club earlier today and was replaced by Oliver Glasner. Paddy McCarthy and Ray Lewington will lead the team at Goodison Park before Glasner starts his role as manager. The Eagles have lost their last three away Premier League matches, shipping 11 goals, and they will be looking for their first win against Everton in the league since 2021. This will be Palace’s second successive Premier League match played on a Monday, after their 3-1 defeat to Chelsea last week. Indeed, it will be the Eagles’ 16th Monday fixture in the competition over the last four seasons (2020-21 to 2023-24), at least two more than any other club.
EVERTON (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Vitalii Mykolenko, Jarrad Branthwaite, James Tarkowski, Ben Godfrey; Dwight McNeil, Idrissa Gueye, James Garner, Ashley Young; Abdoulaye Doucoure; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
EVERTON SUBS: Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, Amadou Onana, Jack Harrison, Joao Virginia, Beto, Youssef Chermiti, Andy Lonergan, Lewis Dobbin.
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-3-3): Sam Johnstone; Tyrick Mitchell, Joel Ward, Joachim Andersen, Daniel Munoz; Jefferson Lerma, Chris Richards, Adam Wharton; Odsonne Edouard, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Jordan Ayew.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: James Tomkins, Matheus Franca, Nathaniel Clyne, Naouirou Ahamada, Dean Henderson, Jairo Riedewald, David Ozoh, Franco Umeh-Chibueze, Jadan Raymond.
Dyche has made just one change from Everton’s previous fixture against Manchester City, where the Toffees were defeated 2-0 at the Etihad Stadium. Doucoure returns to the starting XI after a spell on the treatment table. Harrison is the player to make way, and he will drop to the bench.
Meanwhile, Palace have made three alterations from their defeat at home to Chelsea last time out. There’s a change between the sticks, with Henderson dropping to the bench and Johnstone coming into the side. Ward is also named in the starting XI, and he will replace Will Hughes, who fails to make the squad. The third and final change sees Edouard selected ahead of Franca in attack for the Eagles.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
Wharton gets the game under way for Palace at Goodison Park!
Palace are lining up with Richards in a back three with Andersen and Ward, with Munoz and Mitchell as wing-backs. The Eagles have opted for a slight change of system to their usual formation, with the capital club struggling in the Premier League so far this season.
Palace have an opportunity to test Everton from a corner, with Wharton standing over it. He delivers towards the front post, but Calvert-Lewin is there to head it away. The ball comes back to Wharton on the left-hand side, but the young midfielder's cross goes straight into the hands of Pickford between the sticks.
Everton are starting to show a bit of attacking intent as Mykolenko slots a throughball towards Calvert-Lewin. He holds it up and finds McNeil, but his cross is overhit. Godfrey races over to prevent a throw-in, and manages to win one for the Toffees deep inside the Palace half, but it comes to nothing.
The Toffees keep possession well before Tarkowski sends a long, searching ball to Mykolenko, and Ward is forced to head behind for a corner. Garner is there to take and he delivers towards the penalty spot, but Edouard is able to head it away. The Eagles then look to counter-attack, but Garner gives away a free-kick near the halfway line.
Everton win the ball back and Doucoure leads the counter-attack for Everton. He holds it up, waiting for his team-mates to join him, and he switches the play to Godfrey. The full-back gets it out of his feet and delivers into the penalty area towards Calvert-Lewin, but Johnstone is able to come off his line and catch it.
Chance for Palace! Branthwaite fails to clear the ball and Mateta can turn and drive towards the penalty area. He finds Edouard just inside the box, and the French striker gets it out of his feet and shifts it onto his left. He strikes it low and hard towards goal, but Pickford gets his body behind it and makes a comfortable save.
Wharton's throughball finds Mateta, but he's offside and Everton will have a free-kick. Pickford is there to take it and he sends it long in search of Calvert-Lewin, who has made a run in and behind the Palace defence. He's burst away from his marker, but he can't quite latch onto it and it falls to Johnstone.
Another long ball from Pickford in behind sends McNeil and Ward chasing towards the Palace goal. The Eagles defender wins the battle, but his clearance is tame and it falls to Doucoure just outside the penalty area. The Everton midfielder strikes it from outside of the box, but it just goes wide of the post and behind for a goal-kick.
Calvert-Lewin holds the ball up well and finds Garner, and Everton recycle possession. It comes to Tarkowski who sends a long ball towards Mykolenko, but Palace deal with it and Ayew clears. The Toffees come again and Tarkowski searches for McNeil's run in behind, but Andersen does well to head the ball back to his goalkeeper.
So close to an opener for Everton! Garner flicks the ball into the feet of Doucoure, who does well to shift it out wide to McNeil. The winger whips a dangerous delivery into the penalty area towards Calvert-Lewin, who rises above Andersen and heads towards goal, but it whistles past the post and behind for a goal-kick.
Pickford gets away with one! Andersen hits a long pass behind the Everton defensive line, and the goalkeeper rushes out of his box to deal with it. Pickford goes to clear the ball, but it cannons off Edouard. Thankfully for the England international, it flies off the side of the pitch for a throw-in to the Toffees.
Garner fires a pass into the feet of Calvert-Lewin, who turns expertly away from Lerma, and the Palace midfielder brings him down right on the edge of the box. McNeil and Garner are standing over it and the latter will take, but he whips it over the bar and into the stands behind the goal.
Everton are pushing for the opener! McNeil turns and finds Mykolenko on the left-hand side. The Ukrainian left-back sends a first-time cross into the penalty area. Calvert-Lewin leaps above his marker but can't quite get to it, and Young fails to connect properly at the back post. He could only flick the ball away from danger.
Palace have a free-kick in a promising position as Gueye trips Mitchell on the left, deep inside the Everton half. Wharton will be the player to take and he delivers towards the front post, but Doucoure will clear. It eventually comes to Andersen who crosses into the box, but Tarkowski gets his head to it and the Toffees can clear the danger.
Palace have only managed one shot since the game got under way, with the Eagles struggling to show any threat in the final third. The Toffees have produced five shots, but they are yet to test Johnstone between the sticks. It's been a game of little quality in attack for either side.
Big chance for Palace! Ayew turns just outside the Everton penalty area and the Eagles have an overload on the right-hand side. He fires a pass out wide to Munoz who plays it first time into Lerma just inside the box, but he snatches at his shot with his weak foot and it flies over the bar. A bit of composure there and he could have scored!
McNeil goes down under the challenge of Wharton but the referee waves play on. Palace can now break away and Edouard drives down the left-hand side and into the penalty area, and Tarkowski gives away a corner. Wharton will deliver and takes aim towards the front post, but Calvert-Lewin clears. The ball comes back into the box and Richards heads towards goal, but Tarkowski puts it behind once again.
Off the line! Palace are pushing now. Another corner comes into the Everton penalty area and Mateta climbs highest to win the header. It's flying towards the bottom corner and Pickford might not get there, but Young is there to hack the ball away on the line. The Toffees get away with one!
It's become a scrappy game as we head towards half-time, with neither side able to keep hold of possession for too long, gifting it back to the opposition. Both teams need to show a little more control in midfield if they want to secure a positive result in this match.
Goodison Park is growing frustrated as Everton have an ideal opportunity to counter-attack, but McNeil opts to turn back towards his own goal and keep possession. The Toffees need to take some more risks as they approach the final third. It wouldn't be a surprise to see either manager make a change early in the second half.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of one minute of added time at the end of the first half.
HALF-TIME: EVERTON 0-0 CRYSTAL PALACE
Everton and Palace go into the break at 0-0. It's been a game of minimal chances from either side at Goodison Park, with a real lack of attacking quality on show. There have been just two shots on target for both teams combined, with neither team creating more than 0.39 expected goals (xG). The Toffees have enjoyed slightly more of the possession, but Dyche will be demanding a lot more from his players when they get into the final third. The lack of goals in the first half might not be a surprise to regular watchers of Palace and Everton, as they have been goalless at half-time 12 and 10 times respectively in the Premier League this season, more than any other side.
Both Everton and Palace have plenty of attacking options on the bench, and it certainly wouldn't be a surprise to see some early changes when the second half gets under way. The Toffees could call upon Dobbin or Harrison to provide something different on the wing, with Young and McNeil struggling to make an impact on the game. The Eagles may turn to the likes of Franca or Ahamada to add a little flair in the final third. Will we see some goals after the break?
Everton and Palace share the points as the game finishes 1-1 at Goodison Park. The first half was a quiet affair with both teams struggling to create any clear-cut chances. The two teams headed into the break at 0-0, but the second half had plenty of action. The Toffees enjoyed more of the attacking play and were unfortunate not to take the lead, as Tarkowski and Doucoure both saw efforts scrambled off the line from a corner. Just a few moments later, Palace broke the deadlock as Ayew fired a wonderful strike into the top corner, leaving Pickford with no chance. Dyche's side threw everything at it to try and find an equaliser, and they eventually found one as Onana powered a header into the back of the net from a McNeil set-piece. Everton are now winless in their last eight Premier League matches (D4 L4) since a four-game winning run in December. It’s their longest run without a win since failing to win any of their last eight games under Frank Lampard (October 2022 – January 2023). Palace secure an impressive point on the road, considering the uncertainty behind the scenes with Hodgson leaving the club earlier in the day. That's all for today, goodbye!
Garner gets the second half under way for Everton at Goodison Park!
Young upends Mitchell on the left-hand side and Palace can now fill the penalty area from a free-kick. Wharton is standing over it and he delivers into the box, sending a searching ball to the back post. However, the referee has spotted a foul on Tarkowski and Everton are awarded a free-kick.
Mateta goes down inside the penalty area after a challenge from Branthwaite, but the referee waves play on. The travelling Palace supporters aren't happy, though the official isn't having any of it and the game continues.
Tarkowski fires a ball into the feet of Calvert-Lewin who is brought down by Andersen and Everton win a free-kick. They take it quickly and McNeil receives the ball out wide before delivering into the penalty area, but Mitchell is there and Palace are able to clear the danger comfortably.
Chance for Everton! Mykolenko finds Calvert-Lewin with a superb pass between the lines, and the English striker turns and carries the ball down the line. He flicks the ball into the feet of Young who spots McNeil just outside the box. He shifts it to Garner on the edge of the box and he takes aim towards goal, but his strike flies over the bar.
Chance for Palace now! Mateta wins the ball off Tarkowski and Mitchell has made a bursting run down the left-hand side and into the box. Mateta finds him and he only has Pickford to beat, but the Everton goalkeeper rushes off his line to close the angle and makes a smart stop. The Eagles might feel that was a good opportunity to take the lead.
Edouard should do better! Palace have a corner and it's floated into the penalty area. Andersen leaps above the Everton defence and heads towards goal. It falls to Edouard from inside the six-yard box, but he gets his acrobatic effort all wrong and the ball goes flying into the stands. The Toffees will have a goal-kick.
Close for Everton! Garner wins a free-kick and the Toffees flood the penalty area. It's delivered into the box and headed away, but only as far as Mykolenko who attempts an ambitious volley. It's flying towards goal, but Palace fling plenty of bodies in front of the shot and are able to make the block.
What a chance for Everton! A corner comes into the box from Garner and Tarkowski meets it with his head, but Johnstone makes a superb stop! It falls to Gueye on the edge of the area and he strikes it towards goal. A deflection finds Doucoure, who helps it on at the back post but it's cleared off the line with Godfrey flying in! The Toffees are pushing!
Dyche makes a change on the right-hand side of attack, with Young making way for Harrison.
There's an alteration in the middle of the park for the Toffees, with Gueye removed for Onana to enter the fray.
Mateta held the ball up superbly, allowing him to bring Ayew into play, with the Palace forward doing the rest.
GOOAAAAAALLLL!! 1-0 PALACE!! It's a screamer! The ball comes to Mateta who tussles with Branthwaite, but the striker holds it up well just outside of the box. Onana makes a tackle but it falls to Ayew, who gets it out of his feet and unleashes a thunderous right-footed strike towards the top-left corner, and it flies into the back of the net. What a finish!
The Toffees might feel the goal was against the run of play after they came so close to finding the back of the net just a few minutes earlier, but it was a rare attack from Everton. Ayew took his goal superbly, and Dyche needs to come up with something to get his side back into the game at Goodison Park.
Dyche makes an attacking change for Everton, with Portuguese striker Beto coming on for Doucoure.
Palace make their first alteration of the game, with Ahamada introduced in place of Edouard.
Everton have switched to a 4-4-2 setup as they chase an equaliser, with Beto coming on and partnering Calvert-Lewin in attack. Palace are sitting deep as they look to hold onto their lead, with the Toffees throwing everything at it to get back into the game.
Mitchell does well to win a corner from Harrison and Palace send their defenders forward. It's whipped into the penalty area by Wharton towards Richards, but he can't quite connect with it properly. The Eagles regain possession and push down the right, but the Toffees win a throw-in.
So close to an equaliser! McNeil cuts inside from the left and creates space for himself to deliver into the box. He floats the ball towards the back post and Calvert-Lewin rises to head towards goal, but it whistles past the post and behind for a goal-kick. It was a great chance for the Everton striker. The Toffees are starting to turn the screw!
Ayew has gone down inside the Everton half, and Mitchell quickly joins him on the deck on the left-hand side. The Everton supporters aren't happy as time ticks away. After a short delay, both players are back on their feet and play can continue.
What a chance for Everton! Tarkowski floats the ball into the penalty area and Calvert-Lewin does well to head the ball down to the edge of the box. It falls to Garner who looks to place it into the corner, but Johnstone makes a superb save to deny him and it goes behind for a corner.
GOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!! 1-1!! Everton equalise! From the resulting corner, McNeil stands over it and whips a dangerous delivery towards the back post. Onana leaps higher than everyone inside the box and powers a header into the back of the net! Johnstone couldn't deal with the set-piece and the Toffees are back in it! Only Arsenal (11) have scored more goals from corners than Everton (10) in the Premier League this season, and what a time to add another!
McNeil's corner was delivered perfectly onto the head of Onana, who nodded it home after Johnstone appeared caught in two minds and was unable to punch away.
Tarkowski sends a long ball towards Mykolenko on the left, and he controls the ball into the path of McNeil, who wins a free-kick from Lerma in a dangerous position. McNeil will take and it's delivered into the box. Tarkowski is there to head it, but he sends it over the bar from just a few yards out. He has to do better!
Ayew goes into the referee's book for dissent.
Palace make another change, as young midfielder Ozoh enters the fray. January signing Wharton heads to the bench.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of six minutes of added time at the end of the game.
Everton are still throwing everything forward despite finding an equaliser. Palace appear happy with the point, with Johnstone taking plenty of time when the ball drops to his feet. It would be a great result for the Eagles, who have struggled at Goodison Park in the past.
Lerma is the latest player to receive a yellow card for a late challenge.
FULL-TIME: EVERTON 1-1 CRYSTAL PALACE
Everton and Palace share the points as the game finishes 1-1 at Goodison Park. The first half was a quiet affair with both teams struggling to create any clear-cut chances. The two teams headed into the break at 0-0, but the second half had plenty of action. The Toffees enjoyed more of the attacking play and were unfortunate not to take the lead, as Tarkowski and Doucoure both saw efforts scrambled off the line from a corner. Just a few moments later, Palace broke the deadlock as Ayew fired a wonderful strike into the top corner, leaving Pickford with no chance. Dyche's side threw everything at it to try and find an equaliser, and they eventually found one as Onana powered a header into the back of the net from a McNeil set-piece. Everton are now winless in their last eight Premier League matches (D4 L4) since a four-game winning run in December. It’s their longest run without a win since failing to win any of their last eight games under Frank Lampard (October 2022 – January 2023). Palace secure an impressive point on the road, considering the uncertainty behind the scenes with Hodgson leaving the club earlier in the day. That's all for today, goodbye!
nan
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Luton Town and Manchester United at Kenilworth Road.
Luton had started to pick up some form, drawing with both Burnley and Newcastle United either side of a 4-0 thrashing of Brighton. However, the Hatters disappointed in their last league outing after suffering a 3-1 defeat at home to fellow relegation-threatened Sheffield United last weekend. Rob Edwards’ side, who have played a game fewer, are a point clear of the relegation zone and 18th-placed Everton.
There was a sense of goodwill at the start of the new year around Man Utd, who progressed to the FA Cup fifth round and defeated West Ham and Wolves in the Premier League, along with a draw against top-four chasing Tottenham to mark an impressive opening to 2024. That positivity has grown further after Erik ten Hag’s side secured a late 2-1 win over Aston Villa in their last outing. The Red Devils sit sixth in the league table, although some six points away from fifth-placed Spurs.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-3): Thomas Kaminski; Teden Mengi, Gabriel Osho, Amari’i Bell; Tahith Chong, Albert Sambi Lokonga, Ross Barkley; Alfie Doughty; Chiedozie Ogbene, Cauley Woodrow, Carlton Morris.
SUBSTITUTES: Luke Berry, Issa Kabore, Reece Burke, Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu, Jordan Clark, Tim Krul, Andros Townsend, Zack Nelson, Dan Potts.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Diego Dalot, Harry Maguire, Raphael Varane, Luke Shaw; Kobbie Mainoo, Casemiro; Alejandro Garnacho, Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford; Rasmus Hojlund.
SUBSTITUTES: Altay Bayindir, Victor Lindelof, Sofyan Amrabat, Christian Eriksen, Amad Diallo, Antony, Jonny Evans, Scott McTominay, Omari Forson.
Edwards makes two changes from the defeat against Sheffield United. Mengi replaces Burke, while Chong comes in at right wing-back for Clark, with both of those players dropping to the bench. However, there is another late enforced alteration as Adebayo, who suffered an injury in the warm-up, drops out for Woodrow.
Ten Hag names the same starting line-up, and bench, as the one that defeated Villa last time out. Shaw starts despite limping off against Unai Emery’s men, while last weekend’s match-winner McTominay remains as a substitute. Fernandes will be flanked by Garnacho and Rashford in behind Hojlund, who has scored in his last five Premier League games.
Luton have lost nine of their last 10 league games against United, with the exception being a 1-1 draw the last time they faced them at Kenilworth Road (April 1992). Will it be more Hatters misery here? We shall see as kick-off is almost upon us…
Referee David Coote gets this Premier League clash under way!
GOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! UNITED STRIKE AFTER JUST A MINUTE! The Red Devils roar into an early 1-0 lead as Hojlund finds the net for a sixth straight Premier League game. A long Casemiro clearance hangs in the sky before Bell makes a mess of his attempted hook away. Hojlund bursts through the middle, rounding the stranded Kaminski before drilling a low left-footed effort into the open goal.
Chong dances down the left flank but hoists a left-footed delivery well over Onana's goal. This has been a poor start from Luton.
Shaw's left-sided corner causes some carnage inside the hosts' area but Luton manage to clear as Casemiro lurks. Ten Hag's side are well on top at Kenilworth Road.
SAVE! Almost a second for United. The visitors play through the middle before Rashford unleashes a fizzing right-footed attempt. Kaminski sees this one all the way, though, and beats away an unconvincing save with his right arm.
Hojlund, aged 21 years and 14 days has now scored for United in six consecutive Premier League matches and in the process has become the youngest player to ever achieve this feat, surpassing Joe Willock's record (21y 272d).
GOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! 2-0 UNITED! This could almost be game over for Luton, who have struggled to get going at Kenilworth Road. Shaw angles a left-sided corner that is cleared at the near post. Garnacho volleys from the edge of the area, although a wicked right-footed effort deflects off Hojlund’s chest and catches Kaminski going the wrong way. The United striker appeared to mean it, too, and what a finish to double his account!
Garnacho takes the credit for the assist after his right-footed volley finds Hojlund, who finishes past Kaminski from a tight right-sided angle with an inventive goal off his chest.
United are unbeaten in their last 12 meetings with Luton in all competitions (W10 D2), since a 2-1 loss at Kenilworth Road in March 1987. That streak appears set to continue here.
WIDE! United are in red-hot form. Rashford glides over the halfway line, cutting past Barkley before ignoring two outside runners. The United winger opts to drive a right-footed effort from the edge of the area but skews wide to Kaminski's left.
Lokonga curls over the top for Ogbene, who fails to control and Onana races out to collect the loose ball. Garnacho is then felled in the middle by Bell, much to the annoyance of the home crowd.
This is the earliest United have been 2-0 up away from home in a Premier League game (six minutes and nine seconds). What a start for Ten Hag's men!
GOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLL! LUTON PULL ONE BACK! What a chaotic start! The Hatters are back in this clash as they make it 2-1. Chong drives from the inside left-hand channel before his right-footed strike deflects off Maguire. The looping ball evades Shaw and Morris nips in front of Onana to head under the United goalkeeper. The hosts have a lifeline.
Casemiro lifts over the top for Fernandes but overhits his pass out for a throw-in. Kenilworth Road is rocking as Luton attempt to go blow-for-blow with United.
Woodrow is cautioned after attempting to delay the restart from United's free-kick just inside the visitors' half.
Morris has been directly involved in more Premier League goals than any other Luton player this season (seven goals, four assists), with four of his goals coming via the penalty spot. He’s the first English player with four penalties in his debut Premier League campaign since Troy Deeney in 2015-16 (six).
Rashford loses his cool and wipes Ogbene out after an aerial challenge with Mengi. The United winger is fortunate to escape a caution for that needless foul on the Luton attacker.
Shaw commits a cynical foul, barging into the way of Ogbene, who was powering down the right flank. The United left-back joins Woodrow in the referee's book.
Barkley hovers over the wide free-kick before delivering towards the near post. Osho makes the first contact but his flick-on travels harmlessly wide to Onana's right.
Morris has been involved in six goals in his last five Premier League matches (four goals two assists). Can the Luton striker find another to drag the hosts back into this clash?
CHANCE! The ever-reliant Doughty whips in from the left-hand side, though Morris cannot hit the target when rising above Maguire with his header. The Luton striker is the first player for the club to score in three consecutive Premier League matches, but can he go again for his side?
For all their early dominance, United are hardly in control now. The hosts look a threat every time they get the ball down the flanks, with Varane and Maguire set for a testing end to this first half.
Doughty has already attempted a game-leading five crosses in this match. The Luton wing-back has another go from out wide but, this time, Mengi cannot redirect towards Onana's goal.
Hojlund throws himself to the ground after a lunge by Bell, although penalty appeals fall on deaf ears. The Luton supporters suggest United's striker is guilty of simulation, though referee Coote plays on without further action.
In all competitions, United have won five of their last six games, including their last four in a row. The Red Devils last had a longer winning run between November 2022 and January 2023 (9 in a row).
HUGE CHANCE! Maguire gets away with one. His short free-kick goes straight to Barkley, who releases Woodrow into the area on his left. The Luton striker takes too long, though, and his left-footed drive is blocked behind for a corner without troubling Onana.
OVER! Doughty swings a left-sided corner towards the far post, where Osho is completely unmarked. The Luton centre-back has escaped the attention of Mainoo, but can only head well over the United target with a disappointing effort.
Morris gestures with three fingers towards the referee, and not the maximum points available in basketball, after Casemiro makes it a trio of fouls. The United midfielder continues without a card, though, much to the annoyance of the Luton striker.
There's no escaping this one. Casemiro trips the marauding Bell and the referee has no option but to show a yellow card to the United midfielder.
Across their last seven Premier League matches, Luton averaged 15.1 shots per game, in comparison to the 10.3 shots they had on average in their first 16 matches. The Hatters have also had 5.9 shots on target per game in those seven games, a big increase on the 2.6 per game they had in their first 16. Can a change in mindset pay dividends here?
SO CLOSE! Garnacho tries a needless piece of skill and Morris intervenes in midfield. The Luton striker drives towards the edge of the area before pulling a powerful left-footed effort narrowly wide to the right of goal.
After failing to score in the first half in 13 of their first 14 Premier League matches of the season, Luton have now scored in the first half in seven of their last 10 such matches, scoring a combined 10 goals across those 10 matches.
How is he not off? Casemiro lunges into a late sliding challenge on Barkley after a poor first touch. The United midfielder is already on a caution but, somehow, referee Coote gives the Brazilian the benefit of the doubt on this occasion.
After somehow escaping a red, Casemiro is now seeing the same colour. The United midfielder rips into Garnacho with a flurry of words exchanged between the pair as tensions seemingly rise in the visitors' camp. This could be an interesting end to the half.
Only Tottenham (36 games) are on a longer scoring run in Premier League matches among current teams than Luton (12). However, the Hatters have ended on the losing side in five of those matches (W4 D2) and a sixth could be on the way here.
What are you doing, Maguire? The United centre-back needlessly fells the onrushing Morris, earning a yellow card for a terribly timed tackle and also conceding a free-kick in a dangerous area.
Onana organises a four-man wall as United prepare for another free-kick onslaught. Doughty and Barkley hover before the former whips a left-footed effort straight at the United defenders.
Rashford twists and turns before his prodded pass is blocked by Mengi. Lokonga catches the United winger on his way passed him, with the England international staying down immediately after. That has not impressed the Kenilworth Road crowd.
There will be four additional minutes to end this entertaining first half.
WIDE! Luton break with speed as Morris touches over the top for Doughty, who has acres of space before dragging a right-footed half-volley wide. The hosts should be level here!
Another blow for United. Shaw is unable to continue, as was the case last time out against Villa, and makes way for Lindelof. The visiting defender will slot in as a makeshift left-back.
HALF-TIME: LUTON TOWN 1-2 MANCHESTER UNITED
Luton are well in this Premier League game at half-time, albeit trailing United 2-1 at Kenilworth Road. Hojlund scored an early double and became the youngest player to find the net in six straight Premier League matches, though the hosts responded as Morris headed home after just 14 minutes.
Ten Hag's side know they have been in a contest. Doughty, Osho and Morris have all gone close to levelling, with Edwards' side improving after the early double blow from United. The Red Devils must respond in the second half.
Having watched a chaotic first period, Ten Hag makes a double switch at half-time. Evans comes on for Maguire, who was already on a caution, at centre-back.
Casemiro was fortunate to not receive his marching orders before the break and the midfielder also comes off for McTominay.
United get the ball rolling again for the second half!
United have won their last 11 Premier League matches against newly promoted clubs, only conceding five goals in this run. It’s their best winning run against promoted sides since a 12-match run between 2011 and 2013 under Sir Alex Ferguson.
Dalot angles a run in behind but fails to round the onrushing Kaminski, who recovers and intervenes. Down the other end, Barkley drives straight at Onana from range.
United are unbeaten in their last 142 Premier League matches when leading at half-time (W122, D20) dating back to September 2014 against Leicester City (a 5-3 loss). Will the Red Devils continue that imperious streak here?
Ogbene sneaks in behind the United defence but Chong heads over from the resulting right-wing cross. It would not have counted either way, though, as the offside flag is up in the build-up.
Ten Hag must think United need another goal to win this game. The Red Devils' defence does not look like withstanding this barrage of Luton attacks, with Doughty and Ogbene enjoying far too much time and space down the flanks.
Doughty whips an inviting left-sided delivery across the face of goal but Woodrow and Morris are unable to capitalise. The Luton wing-back is repeatedly pacing past Dalot, whose defensive work still leaves much to be desired.
Chong's long-range strike deflects behind for a corner. Doughty takes the right-sided set-piece towards the near post but Varane heads clear.
GOOD STOP! United break with speed after defending a Luton corner. Hojlund bursts through the middle before offloading to Rashford, who chops inside and aims a left-footed drive towards the bottom-right corner. Kaminski, however, is there to parry away a fine stretching save after seeing the ball late.
Ten Hag has won all nine of his Premier League games against newly promoted clubs, the best 100 per cent win ratio against those sides of any manager in Premier League history. The only two managers to win their first 10 games against promoted clubs in the competition are Jose Mourinho (first 15) and Roberto Mancini (first 12).
WHAT A BLOCK! How have United not scored? Hojlund slots through for Fernandes, who catches Kaminski out and rounds the Luton goalkeeper. An open goal awaits for the United playmaker but his right-footed drive is blocked by a last-ditch Lokonga tackle. What a challenge!
Doughty has attempted 13 crosses in this match so far, 10 more than any other player on the pitch. A cross from Fernandes at the other end, however, forces Osho to head behind for a corner.
SAVE! Fernandes takes some vocal opinions from the home crowd before delivering a corner towards the edge of the area. Garnacho manages a touch out of his feet before driving a low right-footed attempt straight at Kaminski.
Fernandes has created 71 chances this season, more than any other player in the Premier League.
Garnacho twists and turns but fires a woeful left-footed effort well over from just outside the Luton box. United have controlled the game in the last five minutes or so.
Doughty is unable to round Dalot and has to settle for a corner. The Luton wing-back also takes the set-piece, crossing towards the far post from which United clear. Ogbene tries his luck from the edge of the area but hits straight at Onana.
Clark has been brought on in place of former Manchester United player Chong with a little over 20 minutes to play.
Townsend is also brought on for Luton in place of Woodrow. There is still plenty of time to find an equaliser - and indeed a winner.
Townsend, on the field for a matter of seconds, rather clumsily drags down Rashford on the edge of the Luton penalty area to earn himself a yellow card and concede a free-kick in shooting range.
The United free-kick comes to little but the visitors work a shooting chance for Garnacho. His attempt from the edge of the box deflects wide for another corner.
The corner is just too high for Varane at the back post. Townsend is then fouled as Luton are given a chance to reset.
Luton get the ball forward down the left, but Doughty is unable to pick out a team-mate with a deep cross into the area. The hosts are struggling to gain any real momentum at the minute.
Mainoo is the latest player to be cautioned after lunging in on Clark, who was charging through on the United goal. Replays show he actually got a touch to the ball first so that is very harsh.
CHANCE! The free-kick is just out of shooting range so Doughty crosses it into the box. The initial ball is dealt with, but it comes back in from the right and lands at the feet of Osho, who is unable to make clean contact and Onana gathers down to his right.
SAVE!! Kaminski makes another superb stop to deny Hojlund his hat-trick. Rashford slipped in Garnacho, who in turn played it to Hojlund, but the close-range effort is pretty much right at the Luton stopper.
Lindelof is cautioned for a pretty poor challenge in midfield. The referee did well to let play continue before then reaching into his pocket.
Berry provides some fresh legs for Luton in place of Doughty.
United have been unable to find a way past Kaminski, meaning Luton still have a chance of snatching something from this game. Time is fast running out for them to do so, though, as Lokonga fires one over the bar.
Luton win themselves a late corner as they start to increase the pressure on their opponents. It is dealt with, however, as is the next delivery into the box. United try to counter but it fizzles out.
Ogbene cuts in on his left and drives a shot over the crossbar. Onana watched it all the way, but that is still a nervy moment for United.
There will be no hat-trick goal for Hojlund as he is taken off with four minutes of normal time remaining. Amrabat is on to provide some midfield steel.
Osho is booked for dragging Rashford to the ground. The United forward would have had a clean run through if not for that intervention.
Fernandes intercepts a pass out and strikes a low and hard drive just wide of Kaminski's target. That would have sealed the points.
A corner drops to Ogbene but Amrabat is on him in a flash. The referee has added on four minutes at the end of the contest.
Yet another corner is won, but this one is too deep and is again cleared. Luton do not give up on it and Dalot has to turn the ball behind. Here we go again...
Another corner, the same outcome as this latest delivery is also cleared. United attack but Garnacho cannot turn the ball into the middle as it is cut out.
Fernandes basically passes his shot to Kaminski when he should have been running down the clock. That allows Luton to get forward, and Ogbene's cross goes behind off a United player. One last corner...
OFF THE BAR!!! Barkley gets his head to the corner and loops the ball onto the top of the crossbar. So nearly a last-gasp equaliser for Luton!
FULL-TIME: LUTON TOWN 1-2 MANCHESTER UNITED
Manchester United overcome Luton Town 2-1 at Kenilworth Road to make it four Premier League victories in a row and move back to within five points of the top four. Hojlund scored twice for United in the opening seven minutes to put them on course for what looked like being a routine win. However, Morris responded not long after and that is ultimately how the scoreline remained. There was plenty of drama in between, though, as Kaminski made a number of saves and Barkley skimmed the crossbar at the other end of the field from pretty much the final act of the game. Ten Hag's side now turn focus to the visit of Fulham next Saturday, while Luton - one point clear of Everton in the final relegation spot - travel to Liverpool on Wednesday. That is all for today's live text coverage, thanks for joining.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Manchester City and Chelsea at the Etihad Stadium!
After Liverpool and Arsenal both won earlier today, City are looking to keep pace by closing the gap to the top with another win to extend their impressive unbeaten run here. After a slight blip in November - in a run that included a thrilling 4-4 draw with Chelsea at Stamford Bridge - the Citizens are currently on a run of 14 without defeat in all competitions (W13 D1), having won each of their last 11 on the bounce. They extended that streak with a commanding performance in a 3-1 win over Copenhagen in the first leg of their Champions League last 16 tie on Tuesday.
As for Chelsea, it's been a rollercoaster of a season for them so far which sees them sitting in mid-table, but things look to be on the upturn once more. After suffering back-to-back defeats against Liverpool and Wolves in which they conceded four goals in both, they've won their last two games 3-1 against Aston Villa in the FA Cup fourth-round replay and Crystal Palace in the league on Monday. However, they don't have the best record away at City, winning just two of their last eight trips to the Etihad (L6).
MANCHESTER CITY STARTING XI (4-1-4-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Manuel Akanji, Ruben Dias, Nathan Ake; Rodri; Phil Foden, Kevin De Bruyne, Julian Alvarez, Jeremy Doku; Erling Haaland.
MANCHESTER CITY SUBS: Sergio Gomez, Matheus Nunes, Rico Lewis, Stefan Ortega, Oscar Bobb, Mateo Kovacic, Mahamadou Susoho, John Stones, Bernardo Silva.
CHELSEA STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Dorde Petrovic; Malo Gusto, Axel Disasi, Levi Colwill, Ben Chilwell; Moises Caicedo, Enzo Fernandez; Cole Palmer, Conor Gallagher, Raheem Sterling; Nicolas Jackson.
CHELSEA SUBS: Mykhailo Mudryk, Cesare Casadei, Algie Gilchrist, Marcus Bettinelli, Ishe Samuels-Smith, Trevoh Chalobah, Ollie Harrison, Christopher Nkunku, Noni Madueke.
Pep Guardiola makes three changes to the side that beat Copenhagen in midweek, with Akanji, Alvarez and Doku all being brought into the side. Stones and Silva, who went off with an ankle problem in that game, drop to the bench. Kovacic and Gomez are also among the substitutes after passing late fitness checks, but Jack Grealish is out with a muscle injury.
Mauricio Pochettino makes just two changes from their comeback win over Palace last time out. Sterling comes in to face his former club, while Colwill replaces the injured Thiago Silva, who is out after picking up a groin problem in that game. Madueke starts on the bench.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Fernandez gets the game under way for Chelsea!
CHANCE! City are out of the blocks quickly, but when De Bruyne squares it to Haaland, the forward can't bring it under control. It rolls back to Alvarez, who runs onto it and hits the shot first time, but he drills it wide of the far post.
City are keeping possession well in their own half, and stay calm as they work it around Chelsea's high press. Gallagher tries to force Rodri into a mistake, but the Spaniard simply sweeps it out to Walker on the right.
The hosts finally find some space through the middle as Haaland drops deep to help it onto De Bruyne, and he spots Foden in space down the right. Chelsea quickly double up on the Englishman though, and he can't find space for a shot.
It's lovely play from Chelsea as Palmer picks out Fernandez on the edge of the box, and he slides it through for Gallagher. He pulls it back into the space in the middle of the penalty area, but it's behind Jackson, who had made a good run.
SAVE! Foden's free-kick is cleared by Caicedo, but only as far as Rodri, who puts his laces through it on the half-volley. Colwill gets in the way of that, but Petrovic misses the punch. Luckily for the goalkeeper, he's in the right place to hold Dias' tame header.
WIDE! Chelsea just switch off as City work it down their left, and it's a wonderful cross from Alvarez to pick out Haaland in the middle. He rises high to meet it, but glances his effort wide of the far post.
SAVE! Chelsea go for a more direct route this time, with Caicedo lifting it over the top for Sterling, who makes a lovely weaving run inside from the left. He goes it alone, curling a low shot on goal, but Ederson easily holds onto it.
City haven't lost any of their last 22 Premier League games at the Etihad (W18 D4), with only Liverpool on a longer unbeaten run at home (24). The Citizens are also on the longest scoring run on home soil in the competition, scoring in their last 44 matches in a row (135 goals).
Ake races back to stop Palmer from getting away down the left, but when he knocks it back to Ederson, the goalkeeper hesitates. Jackson rushes over to pick his pocket but then plays a poor cross into the box, where no Chelsea players are waiting.
Ake slides in to stop Palmer from getting a shot away, and Chelsea win a corner which comes to nothing. Sterling keeps it alive after Dias clears it, but the visitors are struggling to impose themselves in the box.
Ake intercepts another attempted Chelsea attack and sets off on the counter, racing down the left. He runs into Gusto before he can put a cross away, and goes down cheaply, but doesn't get the free-kick he's looking for.
GREAT SAVE! City are caught out by another direct attack, with Palmer sweeping it out to Gusto on the right. He's being closed down by Dias but curls a wonderful early cross to Jackson, who can't get it out of his feet. When he does, Ederson is already there to smother it.
Disasi rises above Akanji to head away City's corner, but he catches Akanji in the side of the head with his arm. The Swiss defender needs a moment before getting back to his feet, but he doesn't need treatment.
There are big shouts from the home fans, led by Haaland, for a penalty after the forward goes down in the box. He was in a tussle with Chilwell during a corner, but no spot-kick is given.
After catching City out with their more direct approach a few times already, Disasi tries his luck again, lifting it over the top for Jackson. The forward isn't on the same wavelength this time though, and Akanji sees it back to Ederson.
Doku is still finding a lot of space down the left, and he gets a yard on Palmer this time to swing a cross into the box. None of his team-mates have made a far-post run though, and Chilwell is able to clear the danger.
It's Sterling who manages to beat the offside trap this time as Fernandez plays him in behind, but the winger can't sort his feet out quickly enough. Ederson rushes off his line and intercepts just inside his box.
Caicedo is the wrong side of De Bruyne when he tries to cut him off, and he takes out the Belgian's standing leg. He's protesting his innocence, but that was always going to be a booking.
Gallagher is down holding his foot, and Walker knocks the ball out of play so he can be seen to, much to the City fans' frustration. Their mood doesn't improve as the midfielder gets back up without needing treatment.
City are keeping Chelsea penned back in their own half, but haven't been able to get it into the box. Foden has acres of space ahead of him down the right, but doesn't react quick enough when Akanji threads it forward for him to chase.
The ball loops over Alvarez's shoulder and he hits the shot on the volley, but it's blocked in front of him by Disasi. There are optimistic shouts of handball from the crowd, but it was never going to be given.
STERLING SCORES! Chelsea break quickly on the counter-attack after smothering City's latest attack, and Gusto slides it down the right for Jackson. He stays onside and squares it to Sterling, who cuts inside to leave Akanji on the floor before curling his shot around Ederson and into the far bottom corner. 1-0 Chelsea!
Jackson does brilliantly to time his run, and to get his head up and spot Sterling getting forward in support on the opposite flank.
This time, Foden squares up against Sterling instead, and he uses the winger as a shield to curl a dangerous cross into the far post. Haaland is waiting to attack it, but Disasi makes a vital interception just in front of him.
Into the first of at least three added minutes here, and there's more intensity to City's play. Doku links up well with Rodri down the left before the Spaniard tees up Alvarez, but his first-time shot is deflected wide of the far post.
CHANCE! Ake whips a lovely cross into the middle of the box for Haaland, and he does well to get in front of Akanji at the last moment to meet it. He can't direct his header on target though, and it bounces just wide.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 0-1 CHELSEA.
Sterling's goal separates the sides at the break as Chelsea lead 1-0. The visitors didn't create too many chances, but they were all clear-cut, with Ederson having to deny Sterling and Jackson before the deadlock was broken - the Blues broke quickly on the counter, with Jackson setting up the ex-City man to curl his shot into the bottom corner. City have had opportunities of their own, with Haaland and Alvarez both coming close on a couple of occasions, but they couldn't beat Petrovic.
Guardiola was visibly displeased when his side conceded and with good reason after some of the chances his team failed to take. He'll want to see a big improvement in front of goal as they look to get what would be a vital three points in the title race. Chelsea have looked organised and taken advantage when they have been able to get forward - Pochettino will be asking for more of the same after the break.
City get us back under way for the second half!
CLOSE! Rodri is tripped just outside the box by Caicedo, and City have a free-kick in a dangerous position. De Bruyne steps up, whipping his shot over the wall towards the far-top corner, but it lands on the roof of the net.
Walker is down in the box and there are obviously shouts for a penalty, but the referee gives a foul against the right-back. He stepped across Sterling, who tripped over his leg, and the free-kick goes Chelsea's way.
GREAT CHANCE! City break quickly on the counter, with De Bruyne sliding it out to Foden on the right. He squares a brilliant cross into the middle, but Haaland can't wrap his foot around it and ends up slicing it wide of the far post.
Chelsea have won all 16 of the previous Premier League games in which they've led City at half-time.
City's frustration continues to grow the longer that they're off the ball, and when Gallagher threatens to burst through the middle again, he's tripped. The visitors look a threat every time they go forward.
DOUBLE SAVE! Chilwell clips a good cross in from the left, and it's Walker who gets the telling touch as he turns it towards goal, but Ederson is in the right place to block it. It rolls back out to the left-back, who fizzes it in this time, and the goalkeeper's touch helps it to Dias, who clears it on the line.
Gusto is tracking Doku all the way, but the Belgian drops a shoulder to get a yard on his defender before pulling it back into the middle. He's looking for Haaland in the middle, but it's just behind him.
Palmer cuts off Ake as the defender tries to turn on the halfway line, and gets a yellow card for it.
CHANCE! Doku clips another good cross in from the left, and Foden watches it all the way so he can meet it with an overhead kick. It's never heading on target though, and Colwill clears it at the far post.
Petrovic is already taking his time over his goal-kicks, and he's booked for time-wasting.
There are changes for both sides here, starting with Chelsea. The goalscorer, Sterling, is taken off, with Nkunku on in his place.
And for City, it's Alvarez that's making way for Silva.
GOOD SAVE! Doku has drifted infield, and he just touches it forward as Haaland races past him into the box. He takes it in stride before firing a shot at the near post, but Petrovic pushes it wide.
It's end-to-end at the moment as Chelsea break on a counter-attack of their own, and Gallagher picks out Jackson in space on the left of the box. He can't keep his shot down though, blazing it over the crossbar.
Another City corner is cleared by the first man, but De Bruyne brings it down to keep it alive. He attempts to spread it out wide once more, but neither Doku or Foden are offering themselves as options on their respective wing.
Chelsea second change sees the other former City player, Palmer, slowly make his way off the field. Pochettino is bolstering his defence by bringing on Chalobah.
Chelsea aren't committing as many bodies forward in attack, but they're still causing City problems when they do get forward. Chilwell goes for the big switch out to Gusto, but he leaves the ball behind when he tries to cut inside.
De Bruyne is looking to play a one-two with Foden, but he drops dramatically to the floor after slight contact from Caicedo before he can get to the return pass. He's expecting a free-kick, but the referee waves play on.
Foden's cross is overhit, but Haaland blocks Colwill's run so that it will reach Silva on the far side. He floats an inviting cross back into the box, but none of his team-mates try to attack it.
CHANCE! Haaland misses another one! It's a marvellous cross from De Bruyne on the left and Haaland peels away from his defender to get on the end of it. He thumps a header on goal, but it sails over the bar. It's not been his day so far!
WIDE! City's corner count continues to tick up, but Chilwell steps in front of Haaland to flick the delivery away from him. It falls to Silva's feet on the edge of the box, and his whipped shot flies just wide of the far post.
Chelsea's final change sees Casadei brought on in place of Jackson.
RODRI EQUALISES! It's been coming for City! Silva chips a cross out to Walker on the right of the box, and he meets it on the volley, putting his laces through the shot. Colwill blocks it, but the ball falls straight to Rodri's feet, and he pokes it back towards goal. Petrovic looked to have it covered, but a deflection off Disasi's thigh took it over the keeper and into the roof of the net. 1-1!
Silva's first touch is heavy, and in an attempt to make up for it, he slides in on Caicedo, catching him on the ankle. He's the first City player to go into the referee's book.
It's all City at the moment as they search for a late winner, and it's spread out to Doku on the left once more. Chelsea are doubling up on him though, giving him no space to work in.
Gallagher makes an interception in midfield, but Chelsea are in no hurry to get upfield. Fernandez holds onto it for as long as he can before attempting to pick out Chilwell, but he's strayed well offside by the time the ball gets to him.
SAVE! We're into the first of four added minutes here, and Chelsea break quickly on the counter. Chilwell clips it into the box for Nkunku, who attempts an awkward-looking bicycle kick, but it's straight at Ederson.
OVER! Fernandez is upended just outside his own box, but the referee waves play on as City pick up the ball. Silva lays it off to Walker, who tries his luck from range again, but it sails just over the bar.
With seconds left on the clock, the City players are screaming for a penalty after it pinballed through the box. The ball seemed to bounce up against Colwill's arm, but the referee says no to the claims.
BLOCK! City carry on pushing, and in the chaos, Rodri takes aim from range. His shot flies through the crowded box, hitting Disasi in the midriff, and the Chelsea players can only watch as it bounces wide of the far post.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 1-1 CHELSEA.
City come from behind in the second half to earn a 1-1 draw with Chelsea. The Citizens dominated for most of the match but found themselves behind at the break thanks to their former player, Sterling. Chelsea broke quickly on the counter, with the winger curling his low shot into the bottom corner to break the deadlock. City pushed, and for a long time, it looked like it wasn't going to be their day, with Haaland in particular squandering some good chances. Rodri eventually found a way through, latching onto Walker's blocked shot, and his shot deflected in off Disasi. No matter how much pressure they piled on though, they couldn't find the late winner they were searching for. That point means that City stay in third, four points behind Liverpool and two below Arsenal. Next up for them is their game in hand against Brentford. There's no movement for Chelsea either in 10th, and they're next match is the EFL Cup final against Liverpool next weekend. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Newcastle United and Bournemouth at St. James' Park.
Newcastle had lost four successive Premier League matches but have now won two of their last three top-flight fixtures to move up to seventh in the table, just five points behind Manchester United in sixth. The Magpies have been in some enthralling fixtures, ending Aston Villa's 17-match unbeaten run at home before coming from behind to draw 4-4 with Luton Town at St. James' Park. Eddie Howe's men then beat a resurgent Nottingham Forest 3-2 at the City Ground in their previous outing, resisting two equalisers from the Tricky Trees to win. Champions League football might be out of Newcastle's reach, with the hosts 11 points behind fourth-placed Tottenham, but a place in Europe still looks likely. However, the Magpies must improve defensively, as they have conceded 16 goals in their last six games.
Bournemouth’s form completely opposes that of Newcastle. The Cherries looked to have recovered from a poor start to the season in December, with their Boxing Day victory over Fulham being their sixth win in seven games. However, Andoni Iraola’s men have stumbled since then and are without a victory in their last five top-flight outings (losing three and drawing two). Bournemouth lost 3-1 to the Cottagers in their previous fixture, slipping to 13th in the table, eight points clear of the relegation zone. Back-to-back matches versus Newcastle and Manchester City will make it difficult for the Cherries to end their poor run. As a result, the visitors will be looking at the start of March as an opportunity to turn their fortunes if they cannot secure a win in their next two, with matches against Burnley, Sheffield United and Luton Town.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Martin Dubravka; Kieran Trippier, Fabian Schar, Sven Botman, Dan Burn; Sean Longstaff, Bruno Guimaraes, Lewis Miley; Anthony Gordon, Miguel Almiron, Harvey Barnes.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Paul Dummett, Jamaal Lascelles, Matt Ritchie, Emil Krafth, Loris Karius, Lewis Hall, Tino Livramento, Jacob Murphy, Joe White.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Adam Smith, Illia Zabarnyi, Marcos Senesi, Lloyd Kelly; Ryan Christie, Lewis Cook; Antoine Semenyo, Justin Kluivert, Marcus Tavernier; Dominic Solanke.
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Milos Kerkez, Chris Mepham, Dango Ouattara, Darren Randolph, Alex Scott, Enes Unal, Mark Travers, Max Kinsey-Wellings, Luis Sinisterra.
Newcastle make one change to the side that beat Nottingham Forest 3-2 in their last Premier League match. Barnes makes his first start since September and replaces the injured Callum Wilson. As a result, the Magpies are without both of their senior strikers, with Alexander Isak also on the sidelines.
Bournemouth make two alterations to the team that lost 3-1 to Fulham. Kluivert and Semenyo come into the attack and replace Scott and Luis Sinisterra, who drop onto the bench.
Having lost their first two Premier League home games against Bournemouth, Newcastle are now unbeaten in their last three against them at St. James’ Park (winning two and drawing one). Both teams are now on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Bournemouth get this Premier League clash under way. Solanke with the first kick.
Bournemouth have only four goals in their last five outings and are winless in that time, but the Cherries will be encouraged by Newcastle’s poor defensive record at St. James' Park. The Magpies have shipped 10 goals in their last three home Premier League games, conceding at least three times in each game, as many goals as they had conceded in their previous 16 at home combined. They have never conceded three or more goals in four consecutive home league games in their history.
Bournemouth have had a strong start and are controlling possession in Newcastle's half. They have had a corner on the right and a free-kick on the left in the first few minutes, but both have come to nothing.
WIDE! Huge chance for Newcastle. Trippier has possession on the right and he flashes an inviting cross into the box and towards the far post. Gordon gets just ahead of his marker but heads his downward effort wide of the post.
CHANCE! Bournemouth go close this time. Semenyo bursts down the right and touches the ball just ahead of Burn before curling a low cross into the box. However, it is just ahead of Solanke and Kluivert, who cannot get across quickly enough to turn it in.
Neto gets lucky. He collects a pass inside the Bournemouth box and takes a long time to release the ball. Gordon rushes towards him and blocks the clearance, with the ball going wide of the right post. That could've been an embarrassing moment for the Brazilian.
The ball is cleared off the pitch by Neto, with Tavernier on the floor just inside Newcastle's half. He landed awkwardly after jumping for the ball in the air and needs treatment.
Tavernier is walking off the pitch slowly after receiving treatment. Sinisterra was getting warm off the pitch just in case he was needed, but Tavernier can continue. Newcastle show their sportsmanship and give Bournemouth the ball back.
Some really nice play by Bournemouth in Newcastle's half. Tavernier sends a backheel to Solanke, who drives towards the box before finding Semenyo on the right. He assesses his options and rolls a pass through to Smith, who sees his cross turned behind by Burn. However, the corner comes to nothing.
SAVE! Tavernier has the ball outside of Newcastle's box and is not put under any pressure. He tries his luck from a distance with a low right-footed drive, but his effort is saved by Dubravka down to his left.
HUGE SAVE! Bournemouth have another chance to break the deadlock. Cook has possession around the halfway line and plays a fantastic throughball behind Botman and into the feet of Kluivert. He rushes down the right side of the box and cuts the ball across to Solanke, but his right-footed effort is pushed away by Dubravka.
Barnes is involved for the first time as he drives inside from the left to work a shooting opportunity on his right foot. The former Leicester City man gets to the edge of the box, but his curling effort goes well wide.
Howe has faced Bournemouth three times in the Premier League since leaving them, and is winless in all three (drawing two and losing one). Indeed, Newcastle managers have won just one of their last 13 Premier League matches against teams they have previously managed (drawing four and losing eight), a 3-0 win for Rafael Benitez against Chelsea in May 2018.
Trippier's inswinging corner from the right is headed away by Semenyo as far as Gordon, who lashes a first-time effort towards the goal from just outside the box. The ball takes a few deflections before falling to Almiron, but he pokes his effort wide of the right post.
SAVE! What a stop from Dubravka, but Solanke should not be giving him a chance. Christie skips a challenge on the left and rolls a pass through to Tavernier, who whips a fantastic cross into a dangerous area. The ball goes through to Solanke, but his shot from close range is pushed away by Dubravka. That shot was worth a huge 0.714 xG (expected goals).
Solanke has been directly involved in 15 Premier League goals this season for Bournemouth (13 goals and two assists), while away from home, Solanke has scored eight times and assisted five more goals in his last 16 appearances on the road in the league. He has already had two huge opportunities to score against Newcastle that were saved by Dubravka.
Kluivert has switched over to the right for Bournemouth and is tormenting Burn, who is struggling to deal with his pace on the wing. He spins past the Newcastle defender and makes up the ground that Burn has on him, but his cross is poor. If Kluivert can improve his end product, Newcastle will have a serious problem.
Gordon bursts forward down the right channel before moving inside to get a shot away on his right foot. However, he drills his strike from outside the box straight at Neto.
Trippier is over a deep free-kick in Bournemouth's half and he lofts a cross into the box. Botman is the target, but the defender is nudged away from the path of the ball from the Cherries' defence, allowing Neto to claim it.
It is still goalless, but that's only because of a few top saves from Dubravka. Both teams are clearly looking to win the game and playing with freedom, which has allowed for an end-to-end contest.
Guimaraes has been quiet so far but almost unlocks the Bournemouth defence. He has possession just inside Newcastle's half and sends a throughball down the middle of the pitch to Longstaff, who rushes into the open space. It looks like he has a clear run at goal, but the ball gets away from him and Senesi flicks it away from him.
Newcastle are starting to build in confidence after a strong half from Bournemouth. Almiron gets down the left side of the box and can send the ball into the middle, but there is nobody there and Kelly clears it away. Those are the moments that show the Magpies are missing Wilson and Isak.
Almiron drifts inside from the right and plays a quick one-two with Longstaff on the edge to work space for a shot. He jumps over a tackle and looks for the bottom-left corner with a curling effort but strikes his effort just wide.
It's all Newcastle at the moment. Schar strolls out of the defence and collects the ball inside Bournemouth's half. Nobody comes out to close him down and he takes a shot from a distance. It swerves in the air but goes straight at Neto.
Defender Schar has scored three goals in his last three Premier League matches for Newcastle United, scoring from eight attempts at goal in those games (37.5 per cent shot conversion). His previous three goals came over a period of 82 games with 96 shots attempted (3 per cent conversion).
The tempo has slowed in the last couple of minutes, with Bournemouth surviving Newcastle's best spell so far. Semenyo has moved back over to the right and is putting pressure on Burn, who gets close to the winger and tackles the ball off the pitch.
Christie steps on the back of Guimaraes' foot and goes into the book.
Guimaraes stays on the ground after the tackle from Christie and needs some medical assistance. It's worrying for Newcastle, who have an injury crisis, but the Brazilian will be able to continue.
There will be three minutes of additional time.
Senesi slides Almiron to the floor on the right just outside Bournemouth's box, giving Newcastle one final chance to score at the end of the first half. Trippier is over it and Botman collects it on the second attempt, but his cutback is cleared.
Tavernier has the ball in the middle of Newcastle's half and sends a pass out to Kluivert on the left. He dribbles inside and shoots from range, but he curls his right-footed effort well wide of the left post.
HALF-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 0-0 BOURNEMOUTH
Newcastle and Bournemouth go into half-time with the score goalless after two magnificent saves from Dubravka to deny Solanke. The Cherries went close early on when Kluivert found with a pass across the box, but the goalkeeper got down quickly to push away his strike from close range. Tavernier then created an even better chance for the Englishman, whipping a low cross into his path, but he couldn't poke his effort past the Magpies' shot-stopper. The hosts had a few chances of their own, but they were mostly from outside the box. Gordon lashed a shot straight at Neto and  Almiron whipped a left-footed strike around the post.
Solanke has been one of the best strikers in the Premier League this season and has netted 13 times for Bournemouth, so manager Iraola will be shocked that he didn't convert either of his two massive opportunities. He created an xG of 1.31 in the first half but couldn't find a way past Dubravka. The Cherries will be encouraged by their fortune down the right, with Semenyo and Semenyo getting the better of Burn, but they must do better with their end product. As for Newcastle, they have created an xG of just 0.51. The hosts have almost triple the amount of touches in the opposition box (17 against six) but haven't seriously tested Neto.
Newcastle get the ball rolling again. Howe will be hoping that his side can start the second half the way they ended the first.
Bright start from Gordon as he rushes down the left side of the box trying to make things happen. However, Zabarnyi gets ahead of him and protects the ball before getting fouled. Neto then takes time with the following free-kick, much to the frustration of the home fans.
Bournemouth have scored at least once in 14 of their last 15 Premier League games (26 goals total), failing only at home to Liverpool in January (0-4 defeat). Away from home, the Cherries have netted in their last eight (15 goals total), their longest ever such run in the top flight. They will score in the second half if Newcastle keep giving Solanke chances to shoot from close range.
WIDE! Newcastle speed forward on the counter after Longstaff finds Almirón with a perfect throughball down the right. He gets to the ball ahead of Senesi and works space for a shot on his left foot but curls his effort just wide of the left post.
GOALLLL! SOLANKE SCORES! 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! Solanke won't score an easier goal in his entire career! Botman sends a pass back to Dubravka, who slips just in front of his goal. Solanke is there and he crashes in his shot from close range.
Senesi barges Guimaraes to the floor and is shown a yellow card.
VAR CHECK! There is a check for a penalty to Newcastle. Trippier's free-kick into Bournemouth's box caused chaos, with Smith appearing to have dragged Schar to the floor. The flag goes up for offside, but there is a VAR check for a penalty.
The referee has been told to go to the screen to check a possible penalty for Newcastle. A nervous wait for the home fans.
PENALTY! Newcastle have a chance to equalise soon after conceding. The ball goes into Bournemouth's box from a free-kick and Smith drags Schar to the floor. There is a check for offside before the referee goes to the monitor and pointing for a penalty.
GOALLL! GORDON SCORES! 1-1! What a penalty from Gordon. He takes responsibility from the penalty spot and drives his low effort into the bottom-right corner. Neto dives the right way but is beaten by the pace of the strike.
CHANCE! Huge chance for Bournemouth to take the lead for a second time. Solanke controls a cross into the box and offloads it to Kluivert. The winger is there, but he sends his right-footed effort over the bar.
Gordon sprints down the left and waits for support before sliding a pass back to Almiron, who is well outside the box. The Paraguay International then goes for an ambitious left-footed effort from range that goes high and wide of the target.
Zabarnyi pulls Gordon to the floor and is shown a yellow card. Newcastle have all the momentum at the moment.
Tavernier collects the ball on the left and spins in possession before driving into the box. He is not put under any pressure and goes for goal, but lashes his right-footed strike well over the bar.
Almiron is looking to make things happen down the right and he surges into space before putting a low cross into a dangerous area. Senesi slides across and makes an interception, putting the ball just wide of the right post.
First change for Newcastle. Murphy is back from injury and replaces Barnes on the wing.
GOALLL! 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH! The Cherries take the lead for a second time. Solanke has been the one in front of goal for the away side, but he shows his creative skills to turn in possession around halfway and send a pass down the right to Semenyo. He then drives down the right side of the box and drills a low shot across the goal and into the bottom-left corner.
That's special from Solanke, who adds an assist to his earlier goal. He finds the run of Semenyo, who uses his speed to touch the ball past his marker before finishing emphatically.
Bournemouth make their first substitution. Kluivert has looked lively but is now being replaced by Scott.
Burn has struggled at left-back and is replaced by Livramento, who will provide a lot more in the attack.
Livramento is involved straight away off the bench. He has possession on the wing and switches the ball onto his stronger right foot before curling a cross towards the back post. It goes behind the Bournemouth defence and towards Guimaraes, but he cannot get there.
Since the start of last season, Newcastle have conceded a goal, on average, every 43 minutes in the Premier League with Dubravka in goal at St. James’ Park; with Nick Pope as goalkeeper, they have conceded a goal every 131 minutes on home soil in the league in this time. Bournemouth are set for the first win of 2024 if the result stays the same.
Schar has possession inside Bournemouth's half and he plays a pass to Guimarães, who attempts to lift a right-footed cross into the box from a central position. Murphy makes a good run, but he is crowded out by two defenders and the Cherries clear it away.
Tavernier is over a free-kick on the left and he curls a cross into the box. Botman makes the first contact and accidentally flicks it across to Senesi, but he cannot adjust his body to turn his effort towards the goal.
Semenyo scored Bournemouth's second goal and is now being given a rest. Ouattara is on to replace him and will provide speed and trickery down the wing for the final stage of the contest.
SAVE! Tavernier has the ball in a wide position on the left and he waits for support before offloading a pass inside to Cook. He darts onto it and whips a right-footed effort towards the bottom-right corner that is pushed away by Dubravka. He was so close to scoring his first Premier League goal!
OVER! The ball bounces around the edge of Bournemouth's box, with neither side able to get control of it. Murphy then collects it and plays a pass down the right to Schar, who twists it onto his left foot before curling a shot over the bar.
Livramento has looked lively since coming on and is looking to get forward at every opportunity down the left side of the pitch. He surges forward and combines with Almiron before being forced back.
Schar slips in possession around the halfway line and Scott makes the most of the loose ball before being dragged to the floor by the defender, who goes into the book.
Almiron attempts to send a cross into the box from the left, but it goes over everyone and out for a goal-kick. Gordon is still on the pitch for Newcastle, but he has been invisible since scoring for the hosts.
There will be 10 minutes of additional time.
A proud moment for White, who is on for his Premier League debut to replace Miley. It shows their lack of squad depth this season, especially when behind.
Ritchie also comes on and replaces Almiron in the attack. He will be hoping to have an impact for Howe against his former side.
GOALLLL! RITCHIE SCORES OFF THE BENCH! 2-2! Newcastle are level again! Guimaraes has possession inside Bournemouth's half and he loops a cross into a dangerous area. Bournemouth cannot clear it away and the ball bounces around before Ritchie has the decisive touch, thumping it in from close range. That's his second goal in six outings against Bournemouth, his former side!
Unal is on for his second Bournemouth appearance and he replaces Christie.
Ritchie has scored his first goal in the Premier League this season, scoring for the first time since July 15 2020 against Tottenham.
Solanke drives forward on the counter and approaches the edge of the box, but doesn't know what to do in possession. He tries to dribble through a crowd of defenders but is tackled.
Newcastle are pushing for a late winner. Botman rises to try and head in a cross from Schar, but he cannot turn it towards the goal. The Magpies recycle possession and Guimaraes collects it on the edge, dribbling past a defender before curling a right-footed effort straight at Neto.
CHANCE! There is pure chaos in Newcastle's box, but Bournemouth cannot score. Tavernier's cross is punched as far as Scott, who does brilliantly to keep control of his first-time effort, driving his shot low towards the bottom-right corner. It goes past Dúbravka, but Schar is back to clear it away.
FULL-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 2-2 BOURNEMOUTH
Ritchie scored his first Premier League goal since July 2020 to rescue a point for Newcastle in an enthralling 2-2 draw against Bournemouth at St. James' Park. Solanke created an xG of 1.31 in the first half but was twice denied at close range by Dubravka before making the most of a mistake from the goalkeeper to give the Cherries the lead. Dubravka slipped in possession in front of goal, giving Solanke the easiest of finishes. Gordon then slammed in a penalty after Smith pulled Schar in the box before Bournemouth regained the lead. Solanke turned provider, playing the ball down the right to Semenyo, who drilled his shot into the bottom-left corner. The visitors thought they had won for the first time in six matches. However, Ritchie crashed in his effort from close range moments after coming on to punish his former side. Next up, Newcastle travel to Arsenal in the Premier League, with the Gunners scoring 11 goals in their last two outings. As for Bournemouth, they host Manchester City before welcoming Leicester City in the FA Cup.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Nottingham Forest and West Ham!
As we near kick off at the City Ground, how about some context around the two sides? Nottingham Forest are in 16th place on 21 points, just two points ahead of the drop zone with 14 matches to play. Nottingham Forest also lost their last Premier League match 3-2 at home against Newcastle United, extending their winless streak to four (W0 D1 L3).
West Ham slumped 6-0 against Arsenal at London Stadium in their last Premier League match, extending their winless streak to five (W0 D3 L2), putting them in eighth place on 36 points. The Hammers have scored 36 goals and conceded 42 through 24 matches, leaving them trailing fifth-placed Aston Villa by 10 points for a spot in the Europa League.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST(4-2-3-1): Mats Sels; Nuno Tavares, Murillo, Felipe, Neco Williams; Nicolas Dominguez, Danilo; Richie Laryea, Morgan Gibbs-White, Anthony Elanga: Taiwo Awoniyi.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Matt Turner, Cheikhou Kouyate, Harry Toffolo, Moussa Niakhate, Giovanni Reyna, Ryan Yates, Divock Origi, Andrew Omobamidele, Rodrigo Ribeiro.
For the hosts Nottingham Forest, boss Nuno Espirito Santo has opted for two changes from the side that were beaten 3-2 by Newcastle on Saturday.  Danilo comes into the team for Ryan Yates while Felipe takes Moussa Niakhate's place in defence.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Emerson Palmieri, Kurt Zouma, Nayef Aguerd, Vladimir Coufal; Edson Alvarez, Kalvin Phillips; Mohammed Kudus, James Ward-Prowse, Jarrod Bowen; Michail Antonio.
For the travelling contingent, West Ham's drubbing at the hands of Arsenal will ideally be put to bed by the end of today's game. David Moyes has made two changes to that side that were handed the heavy 6-0 defeat by the Gunners on Sunday. Michail Antonio makes his first start since November as Ben Johnson drops to the bench. Kalvin Phillips starts in midfield with Tomas Soucek taking a place among the substitutes.
WEST HAM SUBS: Lukasz Fabianski, Ben Johnson, Aaron Cresswell, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Maxwel Cornet, Danny Ings, Angelo Ogbonna, Tomas Soucek, Divin Mubama.
So, to today's officials... The Referee is Tom Bramall, his Assistant Referees are Mat Wilkes and Adrian Holmes. The Fourth Official is Gavin Ward and on VAR is Tim Robinson.
We're moments away from kick-off at the City Ground!
KICK OFF. Referee Bramall gets us underway here and immediately Michail Antonio surges forward with intriguing link up from the right.
After a swarming break forward, Forest's early intentions are clear. Gibbs-White is challenged strongly. In the next phase Hudson-Odoi is aggressive. Tavares chips a cross into Elanga who sees a low effort saved by Areola. West Ham have to clear off the line!
Early end to end action is contributing to a raucous atmosphere here in Nottingham. Jarrod Bowen causes problems, yet can't evade a Neco Williams block.
Kudus finds himself in with a yellow card. The Ghanaian's energy is a little too overbearing and he earns himself a booking.
Gibbs-White rises to the tempo here and joins Kudus in the book for a reckless challenge.
The home side soak up a solid spell of West Ham pressure and try to break. That final ball isn't there unfortunately, and Bowen tries to surge on the other way. Alas, it's a shared theme.
Awoniyi against Zouma looks to be an intriguing battle - the Nigerian tries to turn his marker but a bundle insues. All clean fun, the ref decides, no cards presented.
Forest are looking dangerous. However, like most attacks, it's relatively reactive. There's a limp penalty shout for a handball after a Williams low cross hits his sliding marker. It's ignored and epitomises a very quick (although stop-start) match so far.
After a wasted, short Gibbs-White corner. Kudus snuffs out the danger. The next phase finds a lofted ball over - Antonio is a handfull and wins a free kick. Ward-Prowse takes it sideways and again, we're into a common pattern of conservative possession. The build-up is then disrupted by a marvelous Williams tackle. The microphones picked that one up nicely.
While West Ham are in possession, it's worth noting that the Hammers are looking to complete a first league double over Nottingham Forest since 2011-12 in the Championship, and their first in the top-flight since 1968-69.
'Never lose it' - as we near 27 minutes it's a testament to the game's action that a David Moyes touch gets the crowd's attention.
Bowen strikes low, almost in anger! Not enough power unfortunately and Sels is hardly tested.
Approaching half an hour, a game of football has broken out! Dominguez stumbles over the ball, Gibbs-White gets on the rebounded block and forces a fine reaction stop from Areola! Up the other end, Antonio is free - but has too much time. He gets tackled easily. Frustrating...
The feet of Areola come to West Ham's rescue! Elanga slides a delightful ball in behind and Awoniyi looks destined to score. However, the French 'keeper flies out excellently to offer a slide tackle his centre backs would be proud of. And breathe...
Racing in behind is yet another common theme between the two sides. Kudus is proving to be a bolt of energy for the visitors. It's clear he'll likely be involved in anything positive Moyes' side can muster.
In their 6-0 defeat against Arsenal, West Ham had their joint-fewest shots (5), fewest shots on target (1), registered their lowest xG (0.2) and had their fewest touches in the opposition box (7) in a Premier League game this season. Of course, not pleasant reading, yet there's been a markedly better showing already today - even if Antonio's composure appears to have been left on the team coach.
It's a booking for that man who's struggled for game time of late. Michail Antonio is clearly frustrated and falls foul to a battle with Murillo. He contests the decision. His Brazilian opponent whips the crowd up. This seems an inadvertent distraction from Hudson-Odoi's injury concern at the halfway line. Gibbs-White now unsure too, as Emerson clatters him.
Speaking of Hudson-Odoi - he's ok now compared to a hobbling Gibbs-White. Hudson-Odoi has scored a goal in each of his last two Premier League appearances for Nottingham Forest, as many as he’d scored in his first previous 43 matches combined. It is the only time Hudson-Odoi has found the net in consecutive Premier League games. Being on target again would be welcome here, as Gibbs-White moves gingerly after treatment.
Half chance here. Elanga is lively down the right and pulls a flighted ball back to the edge of the box. Danilo can't connect and it trickles through to Areola.
Five minutes have been added on for stoppages.
A swinging Hudson-Odoi arm has caught Coufal in the face. There's been no foul given as the home fans bay for a booking for the Czech defender. That said, they've not seen his bloodied lip. We have a stoppage here, as the no. five gets cleaned up.
West Ham can't get a corner routine right from Ward-Prowse. The penalty spot crowd disperses but Forest manage to clear. Tavares darts away on the break, but Phillips hits him with a peach of a challenge. The ball to man ratio was perfect.
Assist Nicolás Martín Domínguez
GOOOOOAAALLLLLLL AWONIYIIII! Forest keep moving forwards. Hudson-Odoi recycles the ball on the left back to his wing-counterpart Tavares. The ball is floated back in and Awoniyi gets played in by Dominguez with a nicely weighted pass. The big forward is ice cold to slot past a sprawling Areola. He's scored in his last six outings against the Hammers.
Awoniyi clearly enjoyed that one! Ripping his shirt off, he picks up the expected yellow card. He likely won't care though, as he's notched his sixth goal this season.
HALF-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 1-0 WEST HAM
Well, it's been a game that's taken its time to (really) wake up from a Saturday mid-afternoon doze, yet at the break we can reflect on Nottingham Forest leading West Ham by a goal-to-nil. There were half chances galore for a spell, as Anthony Elanga was left frustrated by Alphonse Areola's sharp reflexes early on. Then, after a bleak Jarrod Bowen pea-roller, the half-hour mark saw a crescendo of action as Morgan Gibbs-White forced another fine Areola stop before Antonio at the other end couldn't stay composed. Areola was close to West Ham's best player, but would've been frustrated to concede on the brink of the break. Taiwo Awoniyi was slotted in by Nicolas Dominguez and was brilliant to get his sixth goal of the term.
Antonio has come into the fray with his noticeable physical presence. However, with West Ham's dire recent exploits - his lack of composure needs to subside if the visitors have any chance of getting back in to this one. The link up play needs to be better too - Antonio attempted just 4 passes in the first half. He's been marshalled excellently by those in red.
SECOND HALF KICK OFF: We're back underway at the City Ground.
Where we'd looked at Areola as West Ham's best player, the Frenchman looks to continue in the same vein straight away! Elanga latches on to a floated ball and volleys superbly from the right. It's an expected, yet brilliant stop from Areola who tips over in agile fashion. The resulting corner reaps nothing.
Despite being under pressure, West Ham will be driven by the fact that when it comes to securing points from losing positions - the Hammers sit sixth with 11.
While they look to come from behind - maybe Bowen might be the talisman. He has netted on 11 occasions. He is tied for fifth for goals scored in the league in 2023-24.
Kurt Zouma stops an exciting Forest breakaway. It wasn't really a tackle he needed to make (hence the yellow card) yet his lacklustre defensive counterparts will likely thank him for the momentary respite.
Antonio has come out in this second half with intent. Latching onto a pinpoint switch of play, the boisterous front man looks to restock his confidence as he drives as Williams off the left wing. The former Liverpool man is second best and can only foul his adversary.
The resulting free kick is deep in Ward-Prowse country, yet he can't get the dip and swerve right from just outside the box. It has Sels flying, but still clears the crossbar comfortably.
Forest don't deal with possession on the edge of their box and Bowen bursts out. He forces another simple stop from Sels. That said, it's encouraging for fans of the east London outfit.
Up the other end, Murillo lofts over a delightful ball in the channel for Hudson-Odoi. He cuts back inside and crosses for Awoniyi, but the forward gets under it with his header.
Awoniyi makes way for Divock Origi. His goal is the difference maker so far. If he can keep firing, Forest will no doubt feel better about the looming questions of survival amidst the bottom half scrummage.
Phillips is fouled, yet as he's down, Dominguez tries to wrestle the ball free. It's a classic game-slowing tactic, yet the Manchester City loanee takes exception and shoves the Argentinian. All parties are booked, including Coufal who had some unsavoury thoughts as well.
Nicolas Dominguez gets his reward for the pantomime villain role.
Coufal carded - the Czech international takes a warning for standing up for his teammate Phillips.
Danilo strikes a thumping volley as the ball falls from height on the edge of the box. It's a venomous effort, yet Areola parries away with relative ease.
PHILLIPS WALKS... Gibbs-White makes the most of a hot-headed Phillips challenge and as the Forest midfielder is caught by his marker, the ref's second yellow is already out of the pocket. On his second start for West Ham, Phillips receives his marching orders, ultimately falling foul to Dominguez and that petulant booking just minutes earlier.
West Ham will do well to arrest this downward slide. Moyes is turning to what looks like a triple change here.
Well, the subs have been confirmed. It's two changes, instead of the previously thought three.
A formerly bloodied Coufal makes way for Ben Johnson.
Antonio has got 75 minutes under his belt on his return. Maxwel Cornet emerges - can he make the difference here?
Tavares strikes... and it's still rising. It's an audacious effort from the Arsenal-loanee from around 25-yards. It might still be flying as we speak.
Forest are enjoying themselves it seems. Hudson-Odoi does well down the left. He guides it back for Elanga, but he hits it higher than Tavares! What a waste.
OOHHHH COULD WE SEE A PENALTY HERE?? Williams zips down the right side of the box and substitute Cornet has seemingly stepped on the Welshman's standing leg from behind. We're deep in VAR discourse with Tim Robinson until referee Bramall makes his own mind up. We play on...
As one has previously departed, our Czech quota for the day is replenished. Soucek arrives for Emerson.
On his third Premier League start, Sels has hardly been tested. This continues as a wishful strike from range hardly stings the palms.
The hosts have a corner here and it looks as if the hosts will avoid their fifth straight game without a victory as they reinforce from the bench.
Nicolas Dominguez makes way for Ryan Yates. He mouths 'good game hermano'. It's been a good game indeed for Forest so far!
GOAL?? No! In a chaotic sequence, Danilo strikes from range and it spins off a body. Areola can't grasp the looping ball and it falls in. Referee ends the celebrations - Yates was lurking in an offside position.
West Ham are looking to salvage something here but Forest survive a Ward-Prowse free kick from the left. The ball gets recycled relentlessly but there are Hammers astray behind the offside line. Forest hearts are in mouths, and they'll continue to be for another six minutes of added time.
Danilo blocks for Forest late on and Ward-Prowse's corner isn't utilised. The hosts break but dear oh dear - Elanga must have gravity boots on! His shot skyrockets off target, leaving a sour, pip-ridden cherry sliding off the top of a frenetic Forest fastbreak
The attacking impetus is clear for Moyes and co. Danny Ings on for Zouma - could he be the saviour?
Gibbs-White's solid performance comes to an end as Andrew Omobamidele takes his place to strengthen the defence in the dying embers.
GOOOAAAAALLLL HUDSON-ODOI SEALS IT AT THE DEATH! For his third successive appearance in the Premier League, the Chelsea graduate mops up the pieces as West Ham can't clear from a devilish low byline drive from Williams on the right. It goes through Elanga but Hudson-Odoi makes sure the game's well and truly over, slamming into the bottom left corner!
It's down as an Elanga assist, but ultimately Williams did the heavy lifting with a surging run!
FULL TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 2-0 WEST HAM
There we go, it's all over on the banks of the Trent as Nottingham Forest experience double delight over a bereft West Ham with a 2-0 victory that could be crucial in their hopes of survival. It was a forgettable day for David Moyes' side as Mats Sels was hardly tested in the hosts' goal. Alphonse Areola however, was the polar opposite, and was kept busy for much of the game. He would've been approaching the break with optimism, as well as being a shoe-in for West Ham's player of the match, however Taiwo Awoniyi had other ideas. He grabbed his sixth goal of the season on the cusp of half time before the second, frenetic half took a while for Forest to grab a late insurance goal. This came after a penalty shout, and Danilo's effort were denied by the referee's whistle. Callum Hudson-Odoi was composed to slot home emphatically to send Forest fans home happy - five points clear of the dropzone. West Ham continue their slump as they prepare for Brentford next. Nottingham Forest however, surge on to face Aston Villa next time out. Thanks for following along, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Sheffield United and Brighton at Bramall Lane.
Sheffield United currently sit in 20th place in the Premier League table, but they will be hoping to continue their momentum after picking up an impressive result last time out. The Blades defeated Luton Town 3-1 at Kenilworth Road, ending a seven-match winless streak (D2 L5). Chris Wilder’s side have conceded more goals at home in the division than any other side (31 in 12 games). In Premier League history, only West Brom have shipped more goals in their first 12 home games of the campaign (2020-21). Today, they will face a Brighton side who haven’t beaten the Blades in their last seven league fixtures, with their last victory coming back in 2005.
Brighton will be looking to turn their away form around after a tricky run of games on the road. Roberto De Zerbi’s side are winless in their last six away Premier League matches (D2 L4), their longest winless run away from the Amex Stadium since a seven-game streak under Graham Potter between September and December 2021. The Seagulls lost 2-1 against Tottenham in their previous fixture, conceding a last-minute goal with Brennan Johnson scoring the winner. Playing against the side who currently sit bottom of the Premier League could be a chance to gain some momentum, but the Blades showed plenty of fight last time out.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (5-4-1): Wes Foderingham; Yasser Larouci, Anel Ahmedhodzic, Mason Holgate, Jack Robinson, Jayden Bogle; James McAtee, Vinicius Souza, Gustavo Hamer, Ben Osborn; William Osula.
SHEFFIELD UNITED SUBS: Auston Trust, Rhian Brewster, Oliver McBurnie, Ivo Grbic, Oliver Norwood, Tom Davies, Oliver Arblaster, Andre Brooks, Billy Blacker.
BRIGHTON (3-4-2-1): Bart Verbruggen; Adam Webster, Lewis Dunk, Jan Paul van Hecke; Tariq Lamptey, Billy Gilmour, Facundo Buonanotte, Pascal Gross; Kaoru Mitoma, Simon Adingra; Danny Welbeck.
BRIGHTON SUBS: Igor Julio, Jakub Moder, Carlos Baleba, Jason Steele, Evan Ferguson, Pervis Estupinan, Ansu Fati, Joel Veltman, Benicio Baker-Boaitey.
Wilder has made two changes from Sheffield United’s 3-1 victory over Luton in their previous match. In defence, Larouci comes in for the injured Rhys Norrington-Davies and is likely to slot in at left-back. Up front, joint-top goalscorer Cameron Archer misses out, with Osula coming into the starting XI.
Meanwhile, De Zerbi has made three alterations from Brighton’s 2-1 defeat at Tottenham last time out. In goal, Steele drops out of the team and will be replaced by Verbruggen. At the back, Webster is named in the starting XI, with Estupinan dropping to the bench. Adam Lallana fails to make the squad, so Adingra will play from the beginning of the match.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
Gilmour gets the game under way for Brighton at Bramall Lane!
Early chance for Sheffield United! McAtee dances through the challenges of multiple Brighton defenders and creates space for himself outside the box. He turns and spots the run of Bogle inside the penalty area, before feeding the ball into his path. Bogle gets it out of his feet and takes aim towards the bottom corner, but Verbruggen gets down well to make the save.
Dunk sends a searching ball over the top looking for the run of Lamptey, but Ahmedhodzic does well to intercept. Brighton now have a throw-in in a dangerous position, but Welbeck handles the ball after play resumes. The Seagulls are dominating the possession in the early stages, as expected.
So close to a Brighton opener! Webster plays a ball into the channel which Adingra latches onto it. He shifts it onto his right and delivers low into the area towards Welbeck. Ahmedhodzic flings himself in front of the cross and it's heading towards goal, but Foderingham palms it away. The ball was inches away from creeping over the line!
Brighton keep the ball across the back line, patiently waiting for an opening. Van Hecke receives it and spots the run of Gross beyond the Sheffield United defence. Gross has burst away unmarked, but he can't quite get it under control and the ball falls to Foderingham between the sticks.
Holgate gets his marching orders! Mitoma twists and turns and drives towards the Sheffield United defence. Holgate steps out and makes a reckless challenge on the Brighton winger at knee height. The referee originally gave a yellow card, but after a quick review from VAR, he's been sent off!
There's a problem for Sheffield United now as goalkeeper Foderingham has gone down. The medical team are on the pitch and giving him treatment at the moment and there will be a short delay as he receives attention. He's now back on his feet, and it looks as though he will be able to continue.
It was always going to be a tricky game for the Blades as they fight to pick up points in their battle to climb out of the relegation zone, but an early red card for Holgate has made things a lot more difficult. Wilder has changed the shape slightly and it's certainly not ideal to have to alter their game plan in the first half.
What a chance! Mitoma and Lamptey link up on the left-hand side before the ball comes back to Dunk. He whips a dangerous cross towards Welbeck who can't quite get there, and Robinson gets an important touch at the back post with Buonanotte flying in. He was unmarked at the back, but the Sheffield United defender has put it behind for a corner.
GOOOOOOAAAAAL!! 1-0 BRIGHTON!! The corner comes into the box and is delivered to the back post. Dunk heads it back across and Buonanotte helps it towards goal. The Sheffield United defence attempts to clear it, but the ball creeps over the line. The referee checks his watch, and he's given it! The Blades will have a mountain to climb now with 10 men.
Dunk unselfishly helped the corner back across goal and Buonanotte was there to nod it home.
GOOOOAAAAALLLL!! 2-0 BRIGHTON! The Seagulls are running riot! Gross and Webster exchange passes before the former delivers towards the back post. Mitoma comes flying in and takes a shot towards goal, but Foderingham palms it out. It falls straight into the path of Welbeck, and the English striker slams the ball home to double Brighton's lead!
Brighton are continuing to push and Sheffield United are struggling to deal with wave after wave of attacks. The ball comes into the box and the Blades can't quite clear it, and it falls to Adingra who sends a volley towards goal, but it flies over the bar and out for a goal-kick. Wilder's side need to settle down and try and remain resolute at the back.
Almost a third from Brighton! Mitoma twists and turns and gets to the byline, leaving Bogle in his shadow. He strikes towards goal but his shot is blocked, before Gross and Welbeck both attempt to find a third as there's a scramble inside the box, but Sheffield United manage to clear the danger.
Wilder has decided to make a change in order to shore up his defence. Osula comes off and Sheffield United bring on a central defender, with Trusty entering the fray.
The Blades are struggling to get out of their own half at the moment, and the substitution from Wilder hints that they could be going for damage limitation in this game. They need to tighten up at the back with Brighton dominating proceedings, or it could get messy for Sheffield United.
Since the game got under way, Brighton have made 160 passes inside the opposition half, touching the ball in Sheffield United's box 17 times. The Seagulls have had 78.4 per cent of the possession and are looking comfortable, helped by Holgate's sending-off earlier in the match.
Sheffield United have looked tighter at the back since the change and are attempting to hit Brighton on the counter-attack. Osborn wins it back and looks to spot the run of McAtee who has burst forward from midfield, but his touch is a little heavy and the ball rolls through to Verbruggen.
Adingra stands up his marker and looks to float a cross towards the back post with Mitoma waiting. It's headed away but Webster chests the ball back into the feet of Adingra, who shifts it onto his right foot and strikes towards goal, but it sails over the bar and behind for a goal-kick.
Another opportunity for Brighton. Lamptey receives the ball on the left-hand side of the box and works it onto his right foot, before delivering into the penalty area. Welbeck rises highest and attempts to head towards goal, but he gets it all wrong and it flies into the stands behind the goal.
Sheffield United have an opportunity from a corner. McAtee bursts down the line and gets in a foot race with Van Hecke, before the Brighton defender puts it behind. It's delivered towards the back post and then headed back across goal, and Osborn puts it into the back of the net! But wait... the referee has blown his whistle, and it won't count! VAR is checking it. The referee is taking a look at the monitor... he sticks with his decision, NO GOAL!
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of seven minutes of added time at the end of the first half.
Brighton are looking to keep possession in the final few minutes of the half as they try and prevent Sheffield United getting a goal before half-time. The Seagulls are remaining patient and waiting for an opening, but the Blades are camped inside their own box hoping to remain tight and maintain the current scoreline.
A corner comes into the box from Gross towards Dunk, and the Brighton defender manages to head it toward goal. It's flying towards the top corner, but Foderingham makes a superb stop to tip it over the bar and behind for another corner to the Seagulls. Gross delivers again, but Sheffield United are able to clear.
Lamptey goes into the book for a strong challenge as Sheffield United looked to break.
HALF-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-2 BRIGHTON
Brighton go into the break with a 2-0 lead over Sheffield United at Bramall Lane. The Blades started brightly and were applying pressure on the Seagulls, but Holgate made a reckless challenge on Mitoma early in the first half, and after a VAR review, the referee sent the defender off. From that moment on, Wilder's side were up against it. Shortly after, Brighton took the lead as Buonanotte headed home from a few yards out. It didn't take long for De Zerbi's men to grab a second, with Welbeck pouncing inside the box to fire the ball into the back of the net. Sheffield United did have the ball in the back of the net through Osborn, but the goal was disallowed due to offside. The home team have a mountain to climb in the second half.
After his side had conceded twice and were down to 10 men, Wilder opted to bring on a defender for his only striker on the pitch. Brighton created 2.18 expected goals (xG) in the first half, so the Sheffield United boss had to tighten up his defence. The Blades became more resolute and prevented another goal after Trusty was brought on, but the supporters at Bramall Lane might want to see a little more in the final third. Although it's an uphill task to get back into the game, Wilder's men need all the points they can get. Could we see Brewster or McBurnie introduced early in the second half as they push to find the back of the net?
De Zerbi makes a change at the break. In defence, Igor is introduced for Webster.
Lamptey is also substituted for Brighton, and Moder will come on in his place.
McAtee gets the second half under way for Sheffield United at Bramall Lane!
Brighton are keeping the ball well in the early stages of the second half, relaxing in possession and remaining patient. Gilmour now finds Mitoma out wide and the Japanese winger cuts inside onto his right foot, but his shot is blocked and Sheffield United are able to clear.
McAtee finds Larouci on the left-hand side in plenty of space and Sheffield United look to break. He attempts to take on Van Hecke, but Adingra works hard to get back and dispossess the full-back. The Blades need to make the most of these opportunities whenever they win back possession, as Brighton aren't allowing them to have a lot of the ball.
Brighton work the ball well as Van Hecke finds himself in space just outside the penalty area. He fakes to shoot and then fires a pass into the feet of Adingra. The Brighton winger turns and gets away from his marker, before striking towards goal. However, it's a tame effort and Foderingham makes a comfortable stop.
The Blades enjoy a spell of possession inside the Brighton half. They take a quick throw-in and the ball reaches Souza in space outside the box. He gets it out of his feet and attempts an ambitious long-range effort, but he drags it wide of the post and it goes behind for a goal-kick to Brighton.
Buonanotte is the latest player to go into the referee's book for a late challenge in the middle of the pitch.
Sheffield United attempt to hit Brighton on the counter-attack again. A corner comes into the box and Foderingham comes out to collect it. He quickly fires a long ball beyond De Zerbi's defence and McAtee latches onto it. He delays as he waits for support from his team-mates, but the Brighton defence outnumber him and win the ball back.
Mitoma contiunes to cause issues for Sheffield United down the left-hand side. He receives the ball and instantly looks to take on Bogle, drifting past the defender and getting to the byline with ease. He fires a shot towards goal, but it's deflected behind for a corner. Gross delivers into the box, but Bogle can head it clear.
Wilder makes another alteration as Sheffield United look to get back into the game. Larouci makes his way to the bench, and Brooks will enter the fray.
Buonanotte, who opened the scoring for Brighton in today's game, is substituted. Ferguson will come on to replace him.
Another chance for Brighton! The Seagulls have a corner and Gross is standing over it. He delivers towards the six-yard box and Ferguson makes a run away from goal, twisting and getting his head to it. Unfortunately for him, it's straight at Foderingham who makes a comfortable save.
Brighton have continued to dominate the possession in the second half, making 111 passes in the final third while having 86.9 per cent of the possession. Sheffield United are camped inside their own half and attempting to hit the Seagulls in transition. Credit to the Blades' defence, they've looked a lot more compact since the break.
As it stands, Brighton will climb into seventh place in the Premier League table if they secure the three points in today's game. Sheffield United will remain at the bottom of the table, seven points adrift of Luton Town who sit in 17th place, if they fail get back into the match.
GOOOAAAAALLLL!! 3-0 BRIGHTON! Could that be game over? Mitoma receives the ball on the left-hand side and looks to take on Bogle. He works the ball onto his left foot and delivers a dangerous cross into the penalty area. Robinson darts across the front post and attempts to clear it, but he fires it into the back of his own net. Nothing is going right for the Blades in today's game.
Mitoma, who recently came back from injury, is taken off by De Zerbi. Fati is the player to replace him.
GOOOOAAAAAALLL!! 4-0 BRIGHTON!! Dunk finds Gross out wide and the Brighton man looks to whip a delivery into the box. Adingra gets across his marker and volleys the ball towards goal, and it flies into the corner of the net. The Ivory Coast international recently won the African Cup of Nations with his country, and he's back with the Seagulls and scoring goals!
It was a perfect cross from Gross onto the foot of Adingra, who only had to help the ball on its way into the back of the net.
McAtee has found it difficult to get into the game in the second half, and he's been replaced by Brewster in attack.
Sheffield United make another change and this time in midfield, with Davies replacing Hamer.
Norwood will come on for the Blades in the latter stages of the game, with Osborn making his way to the bench.
Brighton make an alteration, with Estupinan entering the fray. Welbeck is replaced for the Seagulls.
Norwood plays in Brooks down the left-hand side and he sends a first-time cross into the box, but Igor is there to clear it away. Sheffield United have a throw-in and Robinson will launch it into the penalty area. Dunk heads it away but straight back to Robinson. He floats in a cross and Ahmedhodzic nods it towards goal, but it goes wide of the post.
GOOOAAAAALLLL!! 5-0 BRIGHTON! The Seagulls are running riot! De Zerbi’s side keep possession just outside the penalty area before Fati attempts a strike towards goal. His shot is blocked but it finds Adingra. The Brighton winger hits it, and it deflects into the far corner of the goal, leaving Foderingham rooted to his spot! Wilder will be hoping to hear the full-time whistle as soon as possible.
All the noise is coming from the away end at Bramall Lane, with a large section of the Sheffield United support heading for the exits. They've seen enough as Wilder's side struggle to get back into the game. The Seagulls have been relentless in front of goal and are showing no mercy!
Gilmour goes into the book for dragging Brooks to the ground as Sheffield United attempted to break away.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of five minutes of added time at the end of the game.
Verbruggen tussles with Davies after Sheffield United win a corner, and the Brighton goalkeeper is given a yellow card.
Davies goes into the book for his involvement in an altercation with Verbruggen.
FULL-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-5 BRIGHTON
Brighton secure the three points at Bramall Lane with an emphatic 5-0 victory over struggling Sheffield United. The Blades had a mountain to climb from the early stages of the game after Holgate was sent off for a reckless challenge on Mitoma. Shortly after, Brighton struck twice through Buonanotte and Welbeck and the Seagulls went into the break with a 2-0 lead against 10 men. De Zerbi's side came out in the second half with plenty of attacking intent despite their comfortable position in the game, and an own goal from Robinson made it three for Brighton. The Blades were a lot more compact in the second half, but the Seagulls continued to be relentless in front of goal, and a double from Adingra later in the game secured the victory at Bramall Lane. Up next for Sheffield United is a difficult trip to Wolverhampton Wanderers, while Brighton will host Everton at the Amex Stadium next Saturday. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League fixture from north London as Tottenham host Wolves!
Tottenham are looking good for a return to the Champions League following a strong start to 2024. Indeed, Ange Postecoglou's men are unbeaten in their last five Premier League games, winning each of their last five at home, and last week's dramatic victory over Brighton and Hove Albion felt like an important moment in the battle for a top-four finish. With Aston Villa losing to Manchester United, Spurs moved one point clear of their rivals in fourth, and they will be looking to maintain their positive momentum here. Also on the menu is a dose of revenge, over a side who inflicted one of Spurs' most gut-wrenching defeats under Postecoglou...
Indeed, Wolves trailed in November's reverse fixture until the 90:03 mark, when Pablo Sarabia's incredible touch and finish dragged them level before Mario Lemina hit a 97th-minute winner. That is one of several memorable successes Gary O'Neil has masterminded over the Premier League's elite this season, with Wolves also winning 4-2 at Chelsea on their last road trip. However, they fell to a demoralising 2-0 defeat to Brentford last week, losing star forward Matheus Cunha to injury in the process – how will they handle his absence here?
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Emerson Royal, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Ben Davies; Pape Sarr, Yves Bissouma; Dejan Kulusevski, James Maddison, Son Heung-min; Richarlison.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Oliver Skipp, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Radu Dragusin, Bryan Gil, Timo Werner, Giovani Lo Celso, Brennan Johnson, Rodrigo Bentancur.
WOLVES (3-4-3): Jose Sa; Maximilian Kilman, Craig Dawson, Toti Gomes; Nelson Semedo, Mario Lemina, Joao Gomes, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Pablo Sarabia, Hwang Hee-chan, Pedro Neto.
WOLVES SUBS: Matt Doherty, Santiago Bueno, Boubacar Traore, Hugo Bueno, Tommy Doyle, Dan Bentley, Jean-Ricner Bellegarde, Tawanda Chirewa, Nathan Fraser.
Tottenham make four changes to the side which beat Brighton in dramatic circumstances last week. The headline news is that Son makes his first start since returning from the Asian Cup, having come off the bench to assist Johnson's winner last time out. Bissouma, Emerson and Davies are also brought in, with Werner and Bentancur dropping to the bench and Destiny Udogie and Pedro Porro out injured.
O'Neil, meanwhile, makes just one alteration to the Wolves team beaten by Brentford last Saturday. Cunha is sidelined with a hamstring injury, and it's Hwang – making his first appearance since the Asian Cup – who sees off competition from Bellegarde to start in his place. Elsewhere, Mario Lemina's younger brother Noha travelled with the squad for this game, but he misses out on a place on the bench.
Since their return to the Premier League in 2018, Wolves have posted three away wins over Tottenham, with only Chelsea and Liverpool (four each) recording more in that span. Can they cause Spurs more problems here? We're about to find out – kick-off is rapidly approaching!
We're under way at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, with Spurs kitted out in all white and Wolves in their red and green change kit.
Spurs are immediately on the front foot as Kulusevski and Maddison work the ball out left to Son. The play eventually comes all the way back across to Richarlison, whose teasing delivery is headed behind by Kilman.
Tottenham fail to make anything of their early corner as Toti heads clear for Wolves. Spurs only needed three minutes to go ahead in the reverse fixture and led for 87 minutes, only to collapse spectacularly in stoppage time.
Davies looks for Maddison's run with a clever ball inside from the left touchline, and Sa has to race to the edge of his box to clear. Spurs come straight back and Maddison dummies a cutback for Richarlison, but he's crowded out and Wolves eventually survive.
Dawson stays down holding his head after Sa catches Son's cross at his near post. The Wolves man is eventually back to his feet, though, and he will be fine to carry on.
Save! Wolves get their first chance to break as Hwang helps the ball right to Sarabia. The Spaniard cuts inside to shoot from 25 yards out, but it's comfortably claimed by Vicario.
MASSIVE CHANCE FOR WOLVES! How is it not 1-0?! Wolves press high and Lemina recovers possession in a good area, with Sarabia eventually finding Semedo in space on the right side of the box. His powerful strike is pushed out by Vicario, then Hwang somehow blazes over on the follow-up from six yards out. The flag stayed down, and he should have scored!
Hwang already has 10 Premier League goals this season, two more than he managed in his two previous campaigns combined (five in 2021-22, three in 2022-23). He should have got his 11th there.
Wolves have succeeded in slowing the pace of the game since Dawson's head injury, which came after a blistering start from Tottenham. They get another chance to break as Sarabia releases Semedo on the overlap, but his cross is far too heavy for Neto at the back post.
There were questions as to how Wolves would line up in Cunha's absence, and Neto has started this game out on the left. Sarabia is drifting infield from the other side, with Hwang leading the line. Sarabia looks for Neto with an ambitious ball in behind, but Vicario gets out to claim it.
Tottenham have found it tough against Wolves lately, losing three of their last four Premier League games against them, including their dramatic defeat in the reverse fixture. The visitors are enjoying a positive spell here.
OVER! Spurs work it patiently from left to right, and Kulusevski's dinked cross is headed out by Semedo. It only reaches Davies on the edge of the box, and the stand-in left-back sends a powerful volley spiralling over Sa's crossbar. Unlucky!
Save! It's another dangerous break from Wolves! Neto gets his head up on the left and finds Sarabia on the edge of the box with an outswinging cross. The Spaniard just fails to find space for a shot so tees up Ait-Nouri, who cuts onto his right foot before bending an effort towards the bottom-right corner. It lacks the power to beat Vicario, though, and he drops to his left to hold it.
There's a concern for Wolves here, with Lemina down after an aerial duel with Richarlison, who nudged him in the back. The midfielder receives treatment near the edge of his own box as O'Neil takes the chance to pass on some tactical instructions.
Lemina is still laid out on his back, receiving attention from the medical staff. It looks like it could be a head or neck injury, so all the necessary checks must take place.
Lemina is back on his feet now, which is a positive sight for Wolves. He has been absolutely crucial in the heart of O'Neil's two-man midfield this season.
Wolves play on with 10 men as the play resumes, with Lemina forced to spend a few moments on the sidelines before being beckoned back onto the pitch by referee Anthony Taylor. He looks fine to continue.
Close! What a cross that is from Son! He whips a teasing, left-footed delivery right across the face of goal, but neither Richarlison nor Kulusevski is attacking it and Toti can make the late decision to let it run. It only needed a touch!
Wolves break again and Ait-Nouri fires a pass up the sideline for Hwang to chase. Neto is with the South Korean, but Van de Ven uses his recovery pace to snuff out the danger. Wolves win the ball back and come again, but Neto can't direct his header towards goal from Sarabia's cross.
Tottenham have scored in 36 successive Premier League matches. Only Arsenal, who netted in 55 straight between May 2001 and November 2002, have ever enjoyed a longer run in the competition, though the last team to shut Spurs out in the top flight was Wolves last March, winning 1-0 under Julen Lopetegui at Molineux. They're moving the ball patiently now, with Wolves sitting back in their 3-4-3 shape.
Wolves are getting so much space on the counterattack, but they're not making the most of it! Gomes surges through midfield and has both Neto and Hwang breaking ahead of him, but his pass towards the former is too powerful and runs out of play.
Sarr gets up on the underlap to receive Kulusevski's pass, and Toti steps in to trip him right before he can reach the penalty area. Maddison is stood over this free-kick, which will come from a crossing position on the right.
Maddison's cross is only half cleared as Tottenham pack the box, and Richarlison nearly gets onto the second delivery into the area, with Dawson edging him out to put it behind for a corner.
Danger! Maddison's corner is headed away by the towering Dawson, but it goes straight back to Maddison and he wins another set-piece off Kilman. Sa goes down as the next corner is delivered onto the edge of the six-yard box, but Wolves eventually scramble it clear. This is much better from Spurs after a difficult period.
Ait-Nouri shows great feet on the left-hand side, tricking his way past Emerson before looking to release Neto. That man Van de Ven is there to mop up the danger, though, speeding back to make the interception.
Another opening for Wolves! Hwang speeds onto a pass into the left-hand channel before brilliantly sitting Van de Ven down as he cuts back onto his right foot. He then finds Gomes near the penalty spot, but he takes too long to release his pass to the unmarked Semedo and the chance is gone!
We're past the half-hour mark here, and we've been treated to an open, watchable game so far. Wolves have had to absorb plenty of pressure but as always, Spurs have given up lots of space on the counterattack. Wolves have just failed to punish them so far.
The home fans sound their frustrations again as the ball is worked wide to Sarr, who lets it slip under his boot and out of play. Tottenham need more composure in front of a packed Wolves defence.
Both teams have attempted four shots so far, but Spurs are yet to hit the target with any of theirs, while Wolves have done so three times. The visitors are also edging the expected goals (xG) battle, 0.42-0.29.
There are more audible groans from the home fans as Sarabia, then Ait-Nouri, win fouls in midfield. Wolves have done well to frustrate the crowd so far.
Wide! That's more like it from Spurs. Van de Ven steps out of defence before finding Maddison in space on the edge of the box. He cuts the ball back for Kulusevski, but under close pressure, he can only awkwardly stab wide of the near post.
Anthony Taylor has a wry smile on his face here, what a defensive header that is! Van de Ven steps forward to help the ball back towards the Wolves box, but it strikes the referee on the head and rebounds to Neto! Spurs get the ball back, but Emerson's cross is held by Sa.
We're into the final five minutes of the first 45, and Spurs are just struggling to get going. Emerson moves into a midfield position but then sprays a terrible ball out of play on the opposite side, gifting Wolves possession back.
Now Wolves push their hosts back, with Neto dropping a shoulder before darting past Emerson and seeing a low cross deflect into the side netting. Wolves get their first corner of the game.
Wolves go short from the set-piece, and Ait-Nouri lifts a tempting cross into the area. There are no red shirts attacking it, but Richarlison bizarrely puts it behind for another corner on the far side.
GOOOOOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLLL! GOMES PUTS WOLVES AHEAD! The Tottenham Hotspur Stadium is silenced as Sarabia's inswinging corner finds Gomes around eight yards out, and left totally unmarked, the Brazilian plants his header into the top-left corner. Wolves have a deserved lead shortly before half-time! 1-0!
Sarabia gets the assist, lifting his set-piece delivery onto the head of Gomes, but where was the Tottenham marking? Gomes was completely alone!
Wolves are still getting so much space to break on Spurs, who look short-handed every time they lose possession. This time, Hwang almost wriggles away down the left, but Romero recovers to snuff out the danger.
We will have four minutes of stoppage time to end this first half.
GREAT SAVE, but the flag is up anyway! Dawson swings a lovely cross towards the far post, where Sarabia comes in on Davies' blind side to cushion a volley towards goal. Vicario dives down to his right to push it away, only for Sarabia to be ruled offside – still, Vicario didn't know that!
Wolves are furious as Spurs play on with Lemina down, and Dawson has to scuttle across to prod a left-wing cross behind for a corner. The set-piece is lifted towards the far post, where Kilman rises to clear.
Wide! Wolves break on Spurs again and Sarabia finds a pocket of space on the right side of the box to take in Ait-Nouri's pass. He looks for the far corner with an audacious attempt, but there's not enough curl on it!
HALF-TIME: TOTTENHAM 0-1 WOLVES.
It's half-time at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, and Wolves are halfway to their first Premier League double over Spurs since 2009-10! O'Neil's team have been excellent from the off, sitting back to frustrate their hosts before striking on the break time and again. Hwang missed a glaring opportunity to give them an early lead, but Gomes made no mistake when he was left unmarked from Sarabia's 43rd-minute corner, planting his header past a helpless Vicario! In the midst of a tense battle for a top-four finish, Postecoglou's men need to show far more after the break.
Wolves have only had around 35 per cent of the possession so far, but they have managed six shots to Tottenham's five, four attempts on target to none for the hosts, and have generated 0.58 expected goals (xG) to Spurs' 0.37. The longer this game goes on, the more the likes of Neto, Hwang and Sarabia will look to exploit Tottenham's high line on the break.
We're back under way for the second half, with no changes made by either team. Wolves get the ball rolling again through Hwang.
GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL! TOTTENHAM LEVEL IMMEDIATELY! Spurs need less than 40 seconds to equalise after the restart! They work the ball into the box through a throw-in on the right-hand side, with Richarlison holding it up for Kulusevski, who tricks his way past Dawson before prodding past Sa from a tight angle. 1-1!
It's fair to say that goal has changed the mood here! Spurs come again in search of a quickfire second, but Richarlison is caught offside after Maddison's shot deflects through to him off Lemina.
OVER! Tottenham's tails are up now! Kilman concedes a corner, which Maddison swings into the six-yard box. Richarlison gets there first, but he can't keep his header down!
Tottenham have conceded first in three previous home Premier League games this season, and they have gone on to win all of those matches – against Sheffield United, Brentford and Brighton. Can they go on to complete the turnaround now?
Wolves just need to enjoy a spell on the ball to take the sting out of this game. Spurs are well on top, with Emerson stepping infield to win a free-kick off Toti. This set-piece is around 30 yards out in a central position, and Maddison is over it.
Maddison sprays it wide to Son, who looks to hit the byline and cross, only to send his delivery straight into the gloves of Sa. Wolves, though, immediately concede possession again through Kilman. It's all Tottenham at present.
Kulusevski's goal has, of course, extended Tottenham's scoring streak to 37 successive Premier League games. Twenty-five of those have come under Postecoglou, who has been a breath of fresh air since arriving last year.
WHAT A CHANCE FOR WOLVES! The visitors should be ahead again, but Vicario has bailed his team out! Dawson sprays a wonderful pass out to Semedo on the right-hand side, and he immediately plays it low into the centre for Sarabia. The Spaniard shoots first-time, but Vicario stands up to smother it and Van de Ven completes the clearance.
Now Tottenham come forward at the other end, but Toti steps across Kulusevski to recover possession inside his own box before the visitors play their way out neatly. We have a game on our hands here!
Wolves recently went 14 Premier League matches in London without a victory, but they have won their last two in the capital in convincing fashion, beating Brentford 4-1 in December and Chelsea 4-2 earlier this month. They last won three successive top-flight games in London in September 1979.
STUNNING SAVE FROM SA! Tottenham move the ball beautifully around the edge of the area, with Bissouma and Maddison involved before Kulusevski shoots first-time. His effort looks destined to find the bottom-right corner, but Sa's outstretched fingertips turn it wide. Great goalkeeping!
Tottenham fail to make anything of their latest corner, but they regain possession and push Wolves back again. Son drives infield from the left before finding Richarlison, but Lemina reads the Brazilian's attempted return pass.
ANOTHER CHANCE! Bissouma hares back to prevent a break from Hwang, then sets Tottenham off on another attack. A left-wing cross deflects out to Kulusevski, who sees his side-footed attempt blocked behind by Semedo. Wolves are coming under real pressure here!
GOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLL! GOMES AGAIN FOR WOLVES, WHAT A GOAL! There's the sucker-punch! Tottenham's latest corner is cleared out to Neto, who embarks on a stunning solo run downfield with little support. Emerson tries to stick with him, but he cuts back onto his left foot before finding Gomes, who arrives in the area to blast past Vicario! What a counterattack, and it's 2-1 to Wolves!
That is one of the assists of the season from Neto. He charges down the right wing with absolutely no support whatsoever, before checking back and offloading to Gomes, who fires home!
Gomes only had one Premier League goal to his name before this game, hitting the winner in a 2-1 victory at Southampton last February. He's trebled his tally here, against a team who have been linked with a move for him!
Now Gomes goes into the book for a tactical foul on Emerson, who was threatening to escape over halfway.
Wolves have won two of their last three away Premier League games, as many victories as they managed in their previous 17 (two wins, three draws, 12 defeats). Are they on course for another successful road trip?
OVER! Semedo slides in but can only clear to a white shirt, and Wolves are under pressure again. Maddison opens up his body before shooting from the edge of the box, and it just spins over Sa's crossbar – the goalkeeper was worried about that one!
Now Kilman is forced to cut out Sarr's deep cross towards the far post, nodding it behind for a corner. Maddison delivers to the front post this time, but Gomes heads it clear.
We're about to see changes from both managers, as Maddison's ambitious ball over the top runs away from Davies in the left-hand channel. Twenty minutes to play.
Postecoglou makes three substitutions in one go. Werner replaces Bissouma in an attacking change.
Johnson, who hit the winner against Brighton last week, is on for Richarlison.
The third change comes in midfield, with Bentancur on for Sarr.
And here comes O'Neil's first alteration. Sarabia is withdrawn, having laid on Wolves' first goal. Bellegarde will offer fresh legs and pace on the break as he comes on.
Tottenham forward Johnson has scored on two of his last three Premier League appearances, with both goals coming off the bench (against Brighton and Brentford). The only previous Spurs player to score from three successive substitute appearances in the competition was Teddy Sheringham in 1994.
The home fans aren't happy as Semedo wins a foul against Kulusevski, stopping another Tottenham attack in its tracks and slowing the pace of the game. The travelling Wolves supporters are in fine voice behind Sa's goal.
Now Hwang backs into Van de Ven to win what looked like a cheap free-kick inside the Tottenham half. Neto will swing this one into the penalty area… and he finds Ait-Nouri unmarked at the far post, but his touch just runs away from him! That was a good opportunity!
Spurs have a very attack-minded XI out there now, with Werner playing centrally and Kulusevski, Son and Maddison in support. Wolves are continuing to defend deep and wait for an opportunity to break.
Emerson gets the ball out of his feet and drives a low cross into the six-yard box, where Dawson sends an awkward clearance spinning behind for a corner. The set-piece is lifted into the danger zone, but Dawson gets up again to clear!
MASSIVE CHANCE FOR 3-1! Bellegarde should put the game to bed! Hwang breaks from the Tottenham corner, finding Neto in space out on the right. He plays a well weighted pass between two Spurs defenders to pick out Bellegarde, but the substitute tries to do too much! He sits Bentancur down before seeing his shot blocked by Emerson!
Great defending from Toti as we enter the last 10 minutes of the 90, sliding in on Kulusevski to win the ball and play it behind off the winger, winning a goal-kick!
Half a chance! Bellegarde darts forward to win a corner on the Wolves right, which is delivered deep towards Lemina. Dawson keeps his header alive and helps it back out to Lemina, who sees his snapshot held by Vicario. Wolves continue to carry a threat.
Wolves have everyone back around their own area as Spurs work it patiently from side from side. Werner stands up a cross, but Toti nods it out before Gomes completes the clearance. Eight to play.
SAVE! The ball is worked right by Bentancur, and Emerson finds space to shoot. His effort skids off the surface and is held well by Sa, with multiple Tottenham players closing in for a rebound!
Postecoglou is preparing two further changes to his midfield, with Lo Celso and Hojbjerg ready to enter the fray. Son faces up to Semedo on the Tottenham left, and his low cross is put behind for another corner.
Great defending! Spurs' corner is cleared but Neto hesitates and allows the hosts to recover possession, only for Semedo to get his body between Werner and the ball to shepherd it out for a goal-kick – good play!
Here come the Spurs changes. Hojbjerg is on for Maddison.
Lo Celso, meanwhile, replaces Emerson in another positive switch.
Wolves aren't happy as Tottenham play on despite Hwang being down with a head injury, but Kilman puts his foot through a clearance and the visitors will make a change of their own now.
Traore replaces Hwang as O'Neil adds bodies to his midfield, with two minutes plus stoppage time to play.
Over! Bellegarde latches onto a loose Tottenham pass and advances to the halfway line before threading a pass through for Neto on his left. The winger gets to the edge of the box before shooting, but he sends a tired effort spinning into the stands behind the goal.
Half a chance! Ait-Nouri fouls Johnson to grant Tottenham a free-kick on the right wing. Kulusevski's deep cross finds Van de Ven… but his glancing header is straight at Sa!
We will have FIVE minutes of stoppage time here! Can Wolves hold on?
Bellegarde tricks his way to the byline before standing up a cross for Neto, who sends a wild volley high and wide. That will be the winger's final involvement, as Doherty replaces him.
DANGER! Werner plays a give-and-go with Son and tries to find space for a shot in a crowded penalty area. His strike hits Dawson and finds its way back to Sa, and the home fans scream for handball, but it's more in hope than expectation. Nothing doing!
HUGE CHANCE! Kulusevski teases a brilliant cross into the six-yard box, where Davies makes a run across his marker to meet it. He simply has to level the game, but he sends an awkward header spinning comfortably wide of the right-hand post. What a let-off that is!
FULL-TIME: TOTTENHAM 1-2 WOLVES.
The full-time whistle sounds, and Wolves hold on for a massive win over top-four chasing Tottenham! Gomes is the hero for O'Neil's men, netting either side of half-time in yet another upset of one of the Premier League's elite clubs! Gomes was left totally unmarked for his first goal, a close-range header shortly before half-time, but Tottenham looked the more likely winners when Kulusevski levelled immediately after the restart. However, Wolves continued to threaten on the break, and Gomes got his second when he crashed home following a brilliant run and pass from the electric Neto. Tottenham dominated possession from there, but Davies missed their best chance in stoppage time as the likes of Semedo and Toti produced colossal defensive performances. The win takes Wolves up to 35 points, two points off the top seven, while Tottenham slip to fifth following Aston Villa's 2-1 win at Fulham. That's all from the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, so thank you for your company and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Bournemouth and Manchester City at the Vitality Stadium!
The reverse fixture saw Bournemouth thrashed 6-1 by City, but that result was soon put behind them as they went on a seven-game unbeaten run afterwards. However, that purple patch has faded since the new year, with the Cherries having failed to win any of their last six outings in the Premier League (D3 L3). In all competitions though, they have only lost one of their last five matches (W1 D3), losing 3- away to Fulham.
City, on the other hand, are looking to close the gap to Liverpool at the top of the table back to one point with another win here. The Citizens are currently on a 16-match unbeaten run in all competitions (W14 D2), extending that run with a 1-0 victory at home against Brentford on Tuesday. They have history on their side in this fixture as well, having won all 13 of the previous Premier League games against Bournemouth.
BOURNEMOUTH STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Neto; Adam Smith, Illia Zabarnyi, Marcos Senesi, Milos Kerkez; Ryan Christie, Lewis Cook; Antoine Semenyo, Justin Kluivert, Marcus Tavernier; Dominic Solanke.
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Romain Faivre, Luis Sinisterra, Alex Scott, Max Kinsey-Wellings, Dango Ouattara, Mark Travers, Chris Mepham, Ionut Radu, Enes Unal.
MANCHESTER CITY STARTING XI (3-2-4-1): Ederson; John Stones, Ruben Dias, Nathan Ake; Rodrigo, Manuel Akanji; Bernardo Silva, Matheus Nunes, Mateo Kovacic, Phil Foden; Erling Haaland.
MANCHESTER CITY SUBS: Jeremy Doku, Sergio Gomez, Julian Alvarez, Kyle Walker, Kevin De Bruyne, Rico Lewis, Stefan Ortega, Oscar Bobb, Jack Grealish.
Andoni Iraola makes just one change to the side that started the draw with Newcastle United last weekend. Kerkez is brought in at left-back for Lloyd Kelly, who isn't included in the squad. Faivre is among the substitutes after recovering from illness.
Pep Guardiola makes three changes from their win over Brentford in midweek, as Ake, Nunes and Kovacic all come into the side. Walker, Alvarez and Bobb all drop to the bench, where De Bruyne and Grealish are also named after passing late fitness checks.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Christie gets the game under way for Bournemouth!
Bournemouth are pressing City high upfield early on here, and Tavernier almost forces Akanji into an early mistake. The defender just manages to clear his lines in time though, and the visitors get themselves out of a tight spot.
City are knocking it around well in Bournemouth's half, but there isn't a lot of space for them to work in. Foden and Haaland both try to spin away from their markers, only to turn straight into trouble.
Nunes makes a positive, driving run down the left, and he gets into the box before he loses steam. He's easily nudged off the ball by Zabarnyi before he can put in a cross, and Bournemouth clear.
WIDE! Ake goals long and Foden flicks a wonderful pass into Haaland's feet on the edge of the D. He gets the shot away early, but he doesn't catch it sweetly, sending it wide of the near post.
GOOD SAVE! Bournemouth go straight down the other end from the goal-kick, and Semenyo brings it down so he can lay it off to Kerkez. It bounces up nicely in front of him and he puts his laces through it. Ederson has to tip it over his crossbar.
Bournemouth have won none of their 19 league games against City (D2 L17), the most any side has ever faced another without winning in English Football League history.
City are almost caught out by another long ball from Bournemouth as Solanke sweeps it through, looking for Christie through the middle. Ederson rushes out to collect it, only to hit his clearance straight against the midfielder, but he catches the ricochet.
Semenyo wins a free-kick on the right, and Christie swings a deep cross into the box. Ederson rushes out to claim it once more, only to spill the ball, but no Bournemouth players are around him to profit.
Nunes makes another good run down the left and picks out a pullback to Rodri, who makes a late run into the box. His first touch bounces away from him though, and Senesi hooks it away.
Silva finds himself in a tight spot in the corner, but he turns away from his marker long enough to pick out Foden on the edge of the box. His first-time shot is tame, and Neto gets down to hold it.
Bournemouth have everybody back in their own half, and they're doing a good job of stifling City's attempted attacks. The visitors are dominating possession, but aren't getting very far with it at the moment.
Tavernier cuts out Akanji's attempted throughball into Silva, and he goes long with a hopeful clearance out towards Solanke. The forward is caught on his heels though, and Ederson comfortably collects.
FODEN SCORES! City's pressure finally pays off! It's a lovely scooped pass from Kovacic to Haaland, and Senesi is caught on the wrong side of the forward. He fires his shot across goal, and Neto makes a good stop to keep him out but pushes it straight to Foden, who slots it into the back of the empty net. 1-0 City!
CHANCE! City are finding a lot of space out in the wide areas, and Silva slides it through for Stones, who pulls it back into a dangerous area. Rodri's shot is blocked, and when it bounces to Silva, he curls his shot wide of the far post.
After a frantic couple of minutes on the back foot, Bournemouth are trying to impose themselves going forward once more, and Semenyo wins a free-kick on the right, but it comes to nothing.
Senesi spots Christie making another good run down the right, but his long ball is comfortably cut out by Ake. City are back in possession, and they patiently play out from the back once more.
City have had 67 per cent possession so far in this game, but only adding to that here. Eventually, Akanji makes a darting run down the right, but Kerkez stops him in his tracks.
Foden has now scored in each of his last four appearances against Bournemouth (four goals, two assists). In two of the previous three games against the Cherries, he's both scored and assisted.
Bournemouth neatly play out from the back, but they're struggling to get over the halfway line at the moment. They get it as far as Solanke this time, but he can't keep hold of it under pressure from Kovacic.
Stones is making a darting run into the box, and Cook is scrambling to get goalside of him. He clips the City defender's heels in the process, and picks up the first booking of the game.
Foden steps up to take the free-kick and decides to go for goal himself. He gets his shot up and over the wall, but it curls wide of the far top corner.
City break quickly on the counter, with Nunes sweeping it out to Silva on the right before continuing his run into the box. The winger cuts inside and unexpectedly backheels it into Nunes' path. He wasn't ready, and Zabarnyi clears it.
Nunes switches play out to Silva on the right from the free-kick, but he can't find any space for a cross. He touches it back to Nunes, but his cross is comfortably cleared.
Christie flicks Senesi's pass into Tavernier's path, and he has a yard on Akanji as he drives down the left. He plays an early cross into the box, but none of his team-mates are there, so Ederson collects.
The Bournemouth fans have made no secret of the fact that they think some refereeing decisions have gone against them, and they're off their seats again. Semenyo goes down after a nudge from Akanji, but the referee waves him back to his feet.
GOOD SAVE! Cook threads it into Solanke, who holds off Dias long enough to cushion the ball into Christie's path. He hits a good first-time shot on goal, and Ederson has to get down smartly to save it.
HALF-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 0-1 MANCHESTER CITY.
Foden's goal gives City a 1-0 lead over Bournemouth at the break. The Citizens dominated from the first whistle, with Haaland missing an early chance by firing wide. It was his shot that created the goal in the end, as his powerful effort was pushed straight to Foden's feet by Neto, and he turned it into the empty net. Foden came close again just before the break, with Ederson also making a good stop to deny Christie just moments later at the other end.
Despite only being 1-0 up, City look to be in total control of this game. They've kept Bournemouth penned back with their possession and created some good chances, though Guardiola will want to see more of them finished off. The Cherries aren't out of this tie yet though, and have still shown a threat on the break, while will have pleased Iraola.
City get us back under way for the second half!
Bournemouth work it neatly down their left, but Christie's throughball to Tavernier is poked away by Rodri. Christie gets it back, but when he looks for Kerkez this time, he's drifted offside.
The Cherries have made a bright start to the second half, and they're putting City under pressure here. Semenyo switches it out to the left once more, but Kerkez gets the cross all wrong as he lifts it straight out of play.
SAVE! Kerkez strays infield this time and squares it to Kluivert. Dias is hesitant to close him down, so the Dutchman decides to have a shot from range instead, but Ederson gets down to hold it.
BLOCK! Haaland outmuscles Zabarnyi as he brings the ball under control and the defender ends up in the floor. It works out best for him though, as he's in the right place to block the Norwegian's shot.
Foden just manages to keep the ball in play as he clips it to Silva on the far side of the box, and he curls another shot towards goal. Senesi throws himself in front of it though, and City have another corner.
Bournemouth are committing a lot of bodies forward in attack, but it's leaving them vulnerable to a counter. Nunes drives forward once more before trying to tee up Haaland, but he can't get it out of his feet.
City are being penned back in their own half at the moment, but they're keeping Bournemouth out of their box. The hosts try to get crosses in from both flanks, but neither side is successful.
CHANCE! Solanke is picked out from a throw-in, and he does well to hold off Dias. Since he can't get a sight of goal, he tees up Tavernier instead, but he drags his first-time shot wide of the far post.
City are finding their rhythm again now, and they're just patiently pushing Bournemouth backwards. Rodri wants to go direct with a long ball, but none of his team-mates are offering that option.
City are making the first change of the game as they look to regain control. Doku, who scored one and assisted four of the Citizen's six goals against Bournemouth in the reverse fixture, comes on for Nunes.
Doku's hard work down the left results in a City corner, and Foden swings it into the box. He's got a crowd of team-mates at the far post, but it's cleared by Kluivert ahead of them.
GREAT SAVE! It's a great delivery from Christie on the corner, and Solanke gets away from his marker to thump a header on goal from the far post. Ederson is behind his line when he punches it away, but the ball never fully crossed it.
Bournemouth are making a double change here in an attempt to build on their momentum. Tavernier is the first to go off, with Ouattara on in his place.
And Kluivert is also making way, with Scott on in his place.
Senesi makes no attempt to play the ball as he grabs Haaland around the middle and drags him back. He can have no complaints about that booking.
SAVE! Foden swings another deep corner into the box, and this time, Ake rises high to meet it at the far post. He nods it down towards goal, but Neto holds onto it.
There's a nervy moment at the back for Ederson as he's quickly chased down by Solanke. The forward almost stretches out a leg to nick it off him, but the goalkeeper checks back just in time to avoid him.
GREAT SAVE! Zabarnyi is sliding in to stop it from reaching Haaland, but he inadvertently helps it onto his toe. The angle is against him on the left of the box, and Neto rushes out, making himself big to smother it.
That chance was Haaland's last involvement in the game as he's taken off and replaced by Alvarez.
Groans ring around the Vitality as Cook tries to thread it in behind City once more, but his team-mates are static. None of them move to try and reach it, and Stones easily cuts it out.
Scott is closing in on Ake, but the defender does well to hold him off long enough to clear his lines. Smith intercepts it, but luckily for City, his touch loops straight out of play.
Bournemouth's third change sees Senesi taken off and replaced by Faivre.
City's corner count continues to go up, but Alvarez, like Foden, is struggling to do something with them. The Argentinian's cross is curled too close to Neto, who punches it away.
City's final roll of the dice sees De Bruyne brought on in place of Kovacic.
CLOSE! Ouattara slides in with a brilliant tackle on Rodri and plays a one-two with Christie. It's a brilliant bit of play from the winger, who dribbles his way through a crowd in the box, but he drills his shot just wide of the far post at the end of it.
Silva clips the back of Semenyo's heels to stop the counter, and he goes into the referee's book.
Bournemouth's final change is a double one. Christie, who has been at the heart of a lot of Bournemouth's attacking play, goes off for Unal.
And Kerkez is also taken off, with Sinisterra on in his place.
SO CLOSE! Bournemouth cut out another City attack, and break quickly on the counter. Semenyo whips a great cross in from the right to pick out Unal at the far post, and he nods it towards the bottom corner. It skims the post on its way wide, and that was the chance!
We're into six added minutes here, and City are back in possession to try to see this out. They get out of their own half but are in no hurry to get it into the final third at the moment.
Bournemouth aren't going to give up just yet, and they surge forward on the counter once more. Sinisterra has three to aim for in the box, but he slices at his cross, and it hits Dias.
De Bruyne is booked for time-wasting after delaying a Bournemouth throw-in.
FULL-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 0-1 MANCHESTER CITY.
City hold on to beat Bournemouth 1-0 and close the gap at the top of the table to one point. The visitors dominated the first half and got their reward when Foden was on hand to turn the rebound of Haaland's saved shot into an empty net from close range. Bournemouth came to life in the second half though, and Ederson made some great saves to deny Kluivert and Solanke before Neto smothered Haaland's shot at the other end. Unal had the chance to equalise right at the end, but his header skimmed the outside of the post as it bounced wide. It's a win that moves City within one point of Liverpool, and four clear of Arsenal, though the Gunners are kicking off shortly. Next up for them is Luton Town in the FA Cup. Bournemouth's winless run continues, and they've dropped to 14th. They're also in FA Cup action next, as they host Leicester City. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this huge Premier League clash from the Emirates Stadium as Arsenal face Newcastle United!
This fixture has become something of a grudge match recently, with Newcastle getting under Arsenal's skin with a memorable rearguard action on this ground last January and Anthony Gordon's controversial goal deciding this season's reverse fixture at St James' Park, prompting a remarkable outburst from Mikel Arteta. More than bragging rights are at stake here, though, with Arsenal desperate to respond after seeing title rivals Manchester City beat Bournemouth 1-0. The Gunners start this game four points adrift of City and five away from table-topping Liverpool, who are not in Premier League action this weekend due to their involvement in the EFL Cup final.
Newcastle, meanwhile, are desperate for a result to boost their hopes of European qualification after enduring a disappointing winter. The Magpies are actually unbeaten in their last five games across all competitions, but they required a stoppage-time leveller to salvage a draw against Bournemouth last week, having also fought back for a point against Luton Town a fortnight earlier.  Eddie Howe's men can go seventh, four points off sixth-placed Manchester United, with a win, but a defeat would open the door to the likes of West Ham, Chelsea and Wolves below them.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Jakub Kiwior; Jorginho, Declan Rice, Martin Odegaard; Bukayo Saka, Kai Havertz, Gabriel Martinelli.
ARSENAL SUBS: Aaron Ramsdale, Gabriel Jesus, Emile Smith Rowe, Eddie Nketiah, Cedric Soares, Leandro Trossard, Fabio Vieira, Reiss Nelson, Mohamed Elneny.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Loris Karius; Kieran Trippier, Fabian Schar, Sven Botman, Tino Livramento; Lewis Miley, Bruno Guimaraes, Sean Longstaff; Miguel Almiron, Alexander Isak, Anthony Gordon.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Jamaal Lascelles, Matt Ritchie, Harvey Barnes, Emil Krafth, Lewis Hall, Jacob Murphy, Joe Willock, Mark Gillespie, Dan Burn.
Arteta only makes one change to the Arsenal XI which began Wednesday's surprise Champions League defeat to Porto, with Jorginho replacing Trossard to bolster the Gunners' midfield. That likely means Havertz will play as a false nine, and the hosts also have Jesus available from the bench after an injury caused the Brazilian to miss four games.
Howe, meanwhile, makes three alterations to the Newcastle side which started last week's 2-2 draw with Bournemouth. Martin Dubravka is out due to illness, so Karius comes in for his first Premier League appearance since May 2018, when he played for Liverpool in a 4-0 rout of Brighton and Hove Albion. Livramento replaces the out-of-form Burn at left-back, while Isak is back after missing the Magpies' last three games, so Barnes drops to the bench.
Having won 1-0 at St James' Park in the reverse fixture in November, Newcastle are looking to complete a Premier League double against Arsenal for just the second time, previously doing so in 1994-95. Can the Magpies cause an upset here? The teams are out, and kick-off is fast approaching!
We are under way for this huge primetime clash as Rice gets the ball rolling! There's a terrific atmosphere at the Emirates under the floodlights, with so many storylines feeding into this fixture!
Fast start from Arsenal, who win a corner within 20 seconds through Martinelli on the left-hand side. Rice's delivery is headed away from the six-yard box, but the England man will get another chance.
Rice's second corner is a better one, with White flicking it on… but Saliba is just crowded out before Saka blazes over the crossbar from the edge of the box. The Gunners have wasted no time in showing Newcastle their intentions, though.
There are a few boos as Gordon gets his first touch of the ball… the Arsenal fans clearly haven't forgiven him for that controversial winner in November, which prompted Arteta to describe refereeing standards as a "disgrace" and "embarrassing".
Newcastle need to settle down here. Schar takes his time inside his own area and Havertz presses him to recover possession near the corner flag, but Guimaraes relieves the pressure by getting back to win a foul. Arsenal have started very quickly, just like they did in their last home game against Liverpool.
Arsenal have begun a calendar year with five successive league wins for the first time in the club's history, improving their goal difference by 19 during this run (21 scored, two conceded). Only between February and April 2023 (a run of seven) have the Gunners won more Premier League games consecutively in a single season under Arteta.
It's taken just seven minutes for us to see the first yellow card. Almiron does brilliantly to burst away from his own box, exchanging passes with Trippier before going down under Odegaard's scything challenge. The Arsenal captain is cautioned by Paul Tierney.
SAVE! Rice steps up to recover possession from Livramento before finding Havertz, who in turn works the ball right to Saka. He steps infield from the right side of the box, then sees his shot deflect off Botman and loop into the arms of Karius.
Poor! Rice is gifted possession in a good area and Arsenal look to be in again, but Odegaard's attempted flick towards Martinelli is too heavy and it runs all the way through to Karius. Newcastle can't get out at present, though.
SAVE! Karius is going to be busy here. Rice breaks into the box on the right-hand side with the ball at his feet before lashing goalwards, and the Newcastle goalkeeper has to stand firm to bat it away at his near post. It's still all Arsenal.
Arsenal can overwhelm teams when they play at pace, particularly at the Emirates, and they're looking to do so in the early exchanges here. Botman hacks Jorginho's cross away, but the Gunners will come straight back…
There's an early concern for the Magpies with Trippier down, holding his knee. He quickly gets back to his feet, however, as Odegaard has a word with the referee, and the home fans feel the visitors are already engaging in a spot of clock management. Last season's fixture between these teams at the Emirates saw Newcastle's gamesmanship come under the spotlight as they dug in for a goalless draw.
Trippier seems to be moving smoothly, which hasn't gone down too well with the Arsenal fans. With a quarter of an hour gone, Newcastle are yet to enjoy anything resembling a prolonged spell in possession.
Newcastle have all 10 outfielders within 30 yards of their own goal as Arsenal probe, but Jorginho still finds Martinelli inside a crowded penalty area. He turns one way and then the other, but Trippier gets back to make a vital challenge.
It's another Arsenal corner as Livramento tracks Saka's run before clearing a deep cross behind at the far post. Saka will deliver this one from the Arsenal right…
GOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLL! ARSENAL LEAD 1-0! The Gunners' pressure pays off as they take the lead from the corner! Gabriel gets across the front post to glance Saka's delivery on, and though Karius makes a reflex save, he only turns the ball back into the goalmouth. Livramento tries to clear it off the line, but he only succeeds in knocking it against Botman and in! That will go down as an own goal from the Dutchman, and Newcastle are behind!
Arsenal are well on top here and are looking to put this game to bed early. Martinelli darts down the left to cross, and his low delivery almost deflects into the path of Havertz in the six-yard box. However, mere moments after scoring an own goal, Botman saves Newcastle with a vital clearance.
Newcastle simply have not got going here, having just 28.7 per cent of the possession and failing to record a shot, a touch in the Arsenal area, or even a final third entry! Arsenal, by contrast, have been electric.
Arsenal have scored more goals from set-pieces (18, excluding penalties) and from corners specifically (12) than any other side in the Premier League this season.
GOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLL! HAVERTZ MAKES IT 2-0, ARSENAL ARE FLYING! It's outstanding work from Martinelli, who darts in behind Botman to reach Jorginho's lofted pass, taking it down while moving away from goal, towards the right side of the box. Without looking up, he cuts it back into the six-yard box, and Havertz arrives to tap it home! It's a beautifully worked goal, and Newcastle have a mountain to climb.
That is superb from Martinelli, whose run took him from the left side of the box to the right. Once there, he cut the ball back for the simplest of finishes for Havertz.
IT SHOULD BE 3-0! What are Newcastle doing?! Schar stands still on the ball near his own box, then inexplicably plays a pass straight to Odegaard. The Arsenal skipper bursts into the area and bears down on Karius, but he then squares it for Havertz instead of shooting, and his pass runs too long. This is one-way traffic.
Arsenal have now scored two or more goals in their last six halves of Premier League football (second half v Liverpool, both halves v West Ham and Burnley, first half v Newcastle). They are absolutely flying!
Newcastle finally mount their first foray forward with Almiron checking back to cross, but with Isak and Gordon lurking, it's White that gets there to make the clearance for Arsenal.
Saliba goes direct this time, lifting a pass over the top of the Newcastle backline for Havertz to chase. Karius has to rush out of his area to meet it, and fortunately for the Magpies, he shows good composure to mop up the danger.
OVER! Arsenal are still hunting a third goal, and they almost get one at the end of a terrific move. Saka finds Odegaard on the right-hand side, and the Arsenal skipper immediately returns it to him with a delicate backheel. Saka reaches the byline before crossing on his right foot, but he just gets slightly too much on it as Martinelli nods over the crossbar!
We're past the half-hour mark, and this is a matter of attack versus defence. Arsenal have played 110 passes in the final third to Newcastle's four. Gordon, Isak and Almiron, meanwhile, have had just 20 touches between them.
Another Newcastle mistake – this one from Guimaraes – gifts Arsenal a corner on their right-hand side. It's worked short as Odegaard finds a better angle for the cross, and Schar heads clear. As has been the case all game, though, possession is immediately back with the Gunners.
OVER! Jorginho looks for the run of Kiwior with his chipped pass, but Trippier gets there first. However, Longstaff doesn't react to the loose ball near the edge of the box, and Martinelli lashes a first-time volley high and wide. Newcastle look shellshocked.
Havertz has scored in successive Premier League games for the first time since March 2023 with Chelsea. He has been excellent so far, dragging Schar and Botman all over the place from his false-nine role.
Newcastle are caught out by Arsenal's high press yet again as Havertz dispossesses Longstaff. His initial cross is cleared, but it comes back to him and he finds Martinelli. With the Brazilian shaping to shoot, Miley gets back to make a crucial challenge.
SAVE! It's wave after wave at present as Martinelli stands up Trippier before crossing. It's only cleared as far as Saka, who jinks onto his right foot before firing at goal, and Karius has to spring to his left to push it wide. Newcastle desperately need half-time here.
Saka takes the resulting corner, and it's another menacing delivery towards the back post, but a striped shirt gets there first to make the clearance.
There are a few boos as Guimaraes goes down in midfield, with the Newcastle physio primed to come on, but it appears the Brazilian just has a loose boot. Five minutes plus stoppage time to go until half-time, and Newcastle are desperately trying to take the sting out of this match.
Arsenal are unbeaten in their last 20 Premier League games that have come after playing in Europe in midweek (16 wins, four draws), since losing 1-0 to Manchester City in February 2021. They've shown no hangover from Wednesday's defeat to Porto here.
Some of the football on display from Arsenal so far has been breathtaking. Havertz and Odegaard fire passes into one another on the edge of the box before the latter offloads to Saka. His deep cross is kept alive by Rice, and Havertz juggles the ball before looking to return it to him, only to be penalised for handball.
Now Newcastle look to have a chance as Gordon breaks in behind to go one-on-one with Raya… but the flag is raised! In any case, Gordon looked to round the goalkeeper and simply prodded the ball straight at him.
We will have three minutes of stoppage time to end this first half. Guimaraes tries to dance to the edge of the box as Newcastle seek a lifeline, but Rice dispossesses him.
Newcastle are enjoying a little more time on the ball now, but they are still yet to manage a single shot either on or off target. The first 45 minutes could hardly have gone any better for Arsenal.
Havertz pleads with the referee after going down under a challenge from Schar on the edge of the box. On second viewing, the Newcastle defender pulled Havertz down by his arm… he might be fortunate that incident occurred the right side of the line.
HALF-TIME: ARSENAL 2-0 NEWCASTLE UNITED.
Paul Tierney brings the first half to a close, and Arsenal lead Newcastle 2-0 following a mesmerising first 45 minutes from Arteta's men. The only question is; how are Newcastle still in the contest? The Gunners have been rampant from the off, penning their opponents back and taking the lead after 18 minutes. Gabriel met Saka's inswinging corner from the right, and though Karius kept his header out, Livramento knocked the loose ball against Botman and in for an own goal. It was 2-0 just six minutes later, with Martinelli darting onto Jorginho's chipped pass before putting it on a plate for Havertz to finish. Martinelli and Saka have gone close since then, with Newcastle looking ragged and Karius' goal living a charmed life, but they got to half-time without suffering further damage. Is there any way back for Howe's men?
Zero shots, one touch in the Arsenal area and seven final-third entries. That is the sum of Newcastle's first-half efforts, and Howe has a lot of work to do at half-time. Arsenal, meanwhile, have fired 10 shots at Karius' goal, registering 34 touches in the Magpies' area from 33 entries into the final third. It has been the definition of one-way traffic. Is more of the same in store after the break?
We're back under way for the second half as Newcastle get the ball rolling again! No changes for either side at the break.
HUGE CHANCE FOR 3-0! That should be game over! Saka drives infield from the right before finding Odegaard, who slips a perfectly weighted pass in behind for Havertz. He's one-on-one with Karius, but he prods his finish across goal and wide of the bottom-right corner. He had to score!
Now Isak breaks in behind at the other end, but he delays his shot and Raya is able to smother it, before Arsenal get plenty of red shirts back around Isak to prevent him from finding a team-mate at the second attempt. That's a warning for the Gunners – this game is not over yet.
Save! Newcastle are at least showing more endeavour now! Gordon breaks in behind White and scampers to the corner of the box, before seeing a low, curling effort held by Raya. Isak was lurking in case of a rebound.
A quick check of both teams' average positions tells the story of the first half; no Newcastle player spent the majority of their time in Arsenal's half, while every Arsenal outfielder bar Saliba had an average position inside the Newcastle half. The Magpies are looking to be a little braver since the restart.
Arsenal's 30 Premier League clean sheets against Newcastle are the most any side has kept against another in the competition's history. Is another shutout on the way here?
Martinelli gets a chance to run at Longstaff, who has endured a torrid outing. He skips past him with remarkable ease, but his cross is blocked at the front post and Almiron can then win a free-kick to break up the game.
The home fans are in fine voice as Arsenal knock the ball around patiently in front of Newcastle's packed rearguard. They have been treated to some excellent football here, but they'd love a third goal to kill of any hopes of a fightback.
Great challenge from Trippier, who absolutely had to win that 50-50 with Havertz attempting to break in behind on the left. That gets Newcastle on the front foot, but Gordon fails to keep Trippier's overhit cross alive on the far side and the chance is gone.
Arsenal are not pressing anywhere near as aggressively now as they did in the first half. Perhaps Arteta has told his players to take a step back, in the knowledge that Newcastle will have to chase the game and leave gaps at some point.
Since losing 3-2 to Tottenham in November 2011, Arsenal have won each of their last 42 home Premier League games in which they've led by at least two goals at half-time.
Arsenal appear to have men over as the ball drops to Saka midway through the Newcastle half, but he overhits his volleyed pass towards Martinelli, and the chance is gone. The Gunners are not quite playing with the same verve as they did before the break.
We're past the hour mark, and the game has been pretty even since half-time. Newcastle haven't really carved out a clear-cut chance, but at just 2-0 down, they are not out of this contest.
OVER! That's much better from Newcastle! Guimaraes sweeps a lovely pass out to Isak, who kills it dead with the outside of his boot before marauding towards the corner of the box. He cuts inside before shooting, but Raya can watch it whistle over his crossbar.
Both managers are turning to their benches here. Martinelli gets a standing ovation as he becomes the first player to make way, with Arteta introducing Trossard.
It's a double change for Newcastle. First, Murphy replaces the disappointing Almiron on the right flank.
Barnes, meanwhile, takes the place of Isak. Gordon will play centrally now, with Howe not taking any risks with Isak following his latest injury lay-off.
GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! SAKA WITH A GREAT SOLO EFFORT! What a goal that is from the England international! Havertz recovers possession high up the pitch for Arsenal and Rice and Odegaard are both involved as the ball is worked to Saka on the right corner of the box. He sprints towards the byline before checking back, leaving Livramento in a heap on the ground, before whipping his left-footed shot into the bottom-left corner! 3-0, and surely it's game over now!
Havertz gets the assist, taking in Rice's cushioned pass before finding Saka with a simple offload. From there, the winger did the rest!
Saka has now scored in five straight Premier League games, becoming the first Gunner to do so since Olivier Giroud in 2015, and the first Englishman to do so for the club since Ian Wright in 1994. He deserved a goal for his electric display, and now he has one!
Arsenal are not done yet, with Trossard scampering to the byline to win a corner off Schar. Rice's first delivery is nodded behind for another set-piece by Murphy.
GOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! IT'S ANOTHER SET-PIECE GOAL FOR ARSENAL! THEY ARE RUNNING RIOT! Rice's inswinging kick is flicked on by Kiwior at the near post, and his header takes the slightest of touches off Miley in the middle to beat Karius. This could get ugly for Newcastle from here, it's 4-0!
Rice gets the assist, finding Kiwior with a pinpoint delivery to the near post. His header hit the unfortunate Miley in the middle, and Karius had no chance.
Arsenal are well on course for a sixth straight Premier League win, and they have now scored an astonishing 25 goals in those matches. There could still be more punishment to come for Newcastle…
With the game surely beyond Newcastle, Howe withdraws some of his key players. Guimaraes makes way, having avoided a booking which would have landed him a two-match ban, as Willock comes on.
Botman, meanwhile, is taken off after getting the ball rolling with his own goal. Lascelles replaces him at centre-back.
Finally, Burn takes Livramento's place at left-back.
Arteta responds with three substitutions of his own. Smith Rowe takes Odegaard's place in midfield.
Nketiah is on for Havertz up front, with Arteta deciding not to take any risks with Jesus.
Finally, Saka goes off to rapturous applause after an excellent display on the right. Nelson takes his place for the closing stages.
Arsenal are the first team in Premier League history to score two or more goals in seven successive halves of football in the competition. They have found their groove at the perfect time.
For those interested, Arsenal's goal difference is now two better than Liverpool's and seven better than Manchester City's. Arteta won't want the Gunners to let up – this title race could be decided by the finest of margins.
Jorginho's introduction into the lineup has proven a masterstroke from Arteta; the Italy international has really pulled the strings here. He leads all players on the pitch for touches (105), successful passes (88) and passes in the final third (31). Newcastle have sat off him, and he has taken them apart.
Smith Rowe is involved for the first time, and Trippier makes a crucial intervention to stop him from pulling the trigger after breaking into the area. Newcastle have 10 more minutes plus stoppage time to endure.
A lot will be made of Arsenal's performance in the final third, but at the other end, they have faced just three shots on target in their last four league games including this one. We've seen next to nothing of Newcastle as an attacking threat.
Trossard skips away from Trippier with ease, showboating with a fantastic touch before winning a throw-in. This really has been a miserable outing for the side in black and white.
GOOOAAAL! Newcastle get one back, and it's their former Arsenal player Willock! Barnes drives over halfway before slipping Gordon into the area, and he offloads to Burn. The towering full-back chips his cross into the centre, where Willock sends a diving header looping into the top-right corner. Finally, something for the travelling fans to cheer – it's 4-1!
Two substitutes combine for the goal, Burn getting to the byline before finding Willock with a delicate, chipped cross.
Willock is the first Newcastle player to score away against Arsenal in the Premier League since Ayoze Perez in December 2014. It won't change the result, but it's some consolation for the travelling Toon Army.
As you would expect, the pace of this game has really dropped since that influx of substitutions. We're about to see another change, with Elneny prepared to enter the fray.
Elneny is on, and it's the outstanding Jorginho who makes way to a standing ovation. He has controlled things from the off, really staking a claim for a regular starting spot.
We will have five minutes of stoppage time to end this game. You suspect that might be five minutes too many for Newcastle.
Newcastle have now conceded 20 goals in seven Premier League games since the turn of the year, having only shipped 16 in their final 11 matches to end 2023. Arsenal are the story here, but Howe needs to find a way of shoring up his backline.
OFF THE LINE! Arsenal almost add a fifth, with Burn denying Smith Rowe! The Gunners substitute latches onto the loose ball after Nelson's right-wing cross is blocked, and he beats Karius with his left-footed finish. However, he doesn't beat Burn, who gets back to make the clearance and keep Newcastle within three.
Now Nelson takes aim from 25 yards out, but his low drive is easily held by Karius, dropping down to his right.
FULL-TIME: ARSENAL 4-1 NEWCASTLE UNITED.
The full-time whistle sounds, and it's another statement win for Arsenal in the Premier League title race! It always looked like a long way back for Newcastle when Botman's own goal and Havertz's tap-in put them 2-0 down at the break. Howe's side improved somewhat in the second half, but they fell even further behind when the outstanding Saka turned Livramento inside-out before firing home, then Kiwior added a fourth from Rice's inswinging corner. Former Arsenal midfielder Willock came off the bench to get one back late on, but it's another resounding victory for the Gunners, who are now within two points of leaders Liverpool and one behind Manchester City in second! Newcastle, meanwhile, stay two points behind seventh-placed Brighton and Hove Albion, and they could fall below Wolves and West Ham before the end of the matchday. That's all from the Emirates, so thank you for joining us and we'll see you next time!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Aston Villa and Nottingham Forest at Villa Park!
In a reversal of their fortunes from earlier this season, Aston Villa's 2-1 win over Fulham last week made it five games without defeat on the road for Unai Emery's men, who have recently begun to falter at home: Villa approach today's clash in Birmingham having lost their last three home matches across all competitions. After an Ollie Watkins brace guided them to victory at Craven Cottage, the Lions sit fourth in the Premier League table, with a two-point lead over Tottenham Hotspur in the fight for Champions League qualification. Yesterday, they were drawn against fallen giants Ajax in the Europa Conference League's last 16.
Nottingham Forest may have sprung a surprise by beating Aston Villa 2-0 at the City Ground three months ago, but they have not overcome their fellow European Cup winners at Villa Park since 1994. Forest have just two Premier League away wins to their name all season, but last week's 2-0 home win over West Ham leaves them 16th in the standings, four points above Luton Town and the relegation zone.
ASTON VILLA (4-2-3-1): Emi Martinez; Matty Cash, Clement Lenglet, Pau Torres, Alex Moreno; Douglas Luiz, John McGinn, Leon Bailey, Youri Tielemans, Jacob Ramsey; Ollie Watkins.
SUBS: Robin Olsen, Joe Gauci, Moussa Diaby, Morgan Rogers, Nicolo Zaniolo, Calum Chambers, Lucas Digne, Kaine Kessler, Tim Iroegbunam.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-2-3-1): Matz Sels; Neco Williams, Felipe, Murillo, Moussa Niakhate; Nicolas Dominguez, Danilo; Anthony Elanga, Morgan Gibbs-White, Callum Hudson-Odoi; Taiwo Awoniyi.
SUBS: Matt Turner, Giovanni Reyna, Cheikhou Kouyate, Andrew Omobamidele, Harry Toffolo, Rodrigo Ribeiro, Divock Origi, Ryan Yates, Gonzalo Montiel.
Aston Villa are unchanged from their win over Fulham last weekend, with Tielemans again selected in the absence of Boubacar Kamara, who injured his anterior cruciate ligament earlier this month. Emi Buendia and Tyrone Mings are Villa's other long-term absentees, while England defender Ezri Konsa is also sidelined by a less serious knee problem.
Making a single change from last week's win over West Ham, Nuno Espirito Santo brings Niakhate into Nottingham Forest's back four, as cover for the injured Nuno Tavares. Forest's trio of Africa Cup of Nations finalists - Ibrahim Sangare, Willy Boly and Ola Aina - are also on the treatment table, alongside centre-forward Chris Wood.
The players are out on the pristine pitch at Villa Park, and kick-off in this Premier League contest is now just moments away!
The hosts kick off, and we are under way in Birmingham!
McGinn tries to slip a throughball into the path of Bailey on the right, but sees it intercepted. Soon after, Bailey goes to ground on the very edge of Forest's area, closely attended by Niakhate, but any claim for a penalty is swiftly dismissed.
VILLA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! After McGinn spins and sends Bailey clear down the right, the latter drives to the byline and slots a low pass across the six-yard box for Watkins, who couldn't miss! The in-form striker sweeps the ball into an empty net from close in, putting the hosts one goal ahead early on! It's an awful start for Nottingham Forest!
Bailey receives the ball from McGinn before reaching the right byline and pulling it back for opening goalscorer Watkins in the centre.
With his 14th top-flight strike of the season, Watkins takes Aston Villa on to 27 successive Premier League home games with a goal. That puts the Villans in control of this encounter.
Forest make their first response to going behind so early in this game, as Hudson-Odoi shoots from the left side of the area, but the winger's effort only flies high over the crossbar.
CLOSE! Niakhate has to hack the ball away from his six-yard box as Watkins threatens to score a second goal! He drove hard at goal from the left side of the area, but the Forest defender stood strong and turns the ball behind for a corner!
Recently enjoying his best form since arriving at Aston Villa from Germany, Bailey is again involved, but this time the Jamaican winger is caught just offside on the right.
Forest's first sustained period of pressure inside their hosts' defensive third sees Villa pushed back, and Elanga's speed wins a free-kick on the right, following a clumsy challenge from Ramsey.
After Forest fail to make the most of Gibbs-White's free-kick, Murillo brings down Douglas Luiz, who is trying to set up a rapid counter-attack. That results in the game's first booking.
Following his early strike today, Watkins has been involved in 24 league goals this season, scoring 14 and assisting 10. Only Dwight Yorke in 1995-96 (27) has ever been involved in more for Aston Villa throughout a single Premier League season.
Having been rocked by their fourth-minute setback, Nottingham Forest have now steadied the ship and are imposing themselves on the game much more. At the moment, Villa are quite happy to maintain possession and consolidate their advantage.
SELS SAVES! Again slipping past the leaden-footed Niakhate with ease, Bailey arrives in the Forest area, on the right, and drives a low shot at goal! It's kept out by Sels, who drops down quickly at his near post and turns the ball behind for a corner-kick!
The action is momentarily halted as Watkins drops to the turf clutching his back, following a challenge from Murillo. Villa's top scorer appears to be in some pain, and he will require treatment from the medics.
Emery and Nuno both impart some wisdom to their players during the break for Watkins' treatment, but it looks as if he'll be able to continue. The game resumes.
Sels again has to be alert at his near post, this time punching away a dangerous ball in from the right. That route is proving particularly fruitful for the home side during this first half.
Awoniyi hits the deck just outside Villa's area, just as he tries to reach an inviting cross from the right by Williams. He looks up in appeal towards the referee, who is already heading away in the other direction.
DOUGLAS LUIZ DOUBLES VILLA'S LEAD! Bailey and Cash combine on the right, then Ramsey - under little pressure - turns in the area and guides the ball across to Douglas Luiz. With aplomb, the Brazilian blasts home his ninth goal of the season from near the penalty spot, and Aston Villa are now totally on top: 2-0! Forest already look beaten.
Coolly picking out Douglas Luiz inside the box with a low pass on the turn, Ramsey sets up Villa's second goal of the game.
Nottingham Forest have lost 21 of their 23 previous Premier League away games against teams inside the top four of the table, including each of the last 15 in a row. Given their start today, that sequence could well continue.
Serial fast-starters, Aston Villa have now scored 26 first-half goals in 26 top-flight games this season, more than any other team in the Premier League.
Ex-Forest full-back Cash is nearly slipped through by the irrepressible Bailey, but Murillo intercepts deep inside his own area, as the visitors narrowly avoid conceding another major chance. They are looking so shaky down that left-hand side.
Since going two goals up, Villa have assumed almost total control. In fact, they're crusing towards half-time. Can Forest finally stir, and reduce their deficit before the break?
Watkins wins a free-kick on the left flank, close to the corner flag - prime Douglas Luiz territory. He tries to catch Sels out at his near post, but Danilo is alert to the danger and diverts his shot over the crossbar.
Assist John McGinn
VILLA HAVE A THIRD! Douglas Luiz strikes again! Following a corner on the right, the hosts recycle the ball, finding McGinn just outside Forest's area. The Villans' skipper then sends over a pinpoint delivery, which his midfield colleague meets with a clinical header! Sels had no chance! It's 3-0 before the break!
This time down the left, Villa open Forest up again. Ramsey almost reaches the byline, then flashes a cross-shot not far wide of the right-hand post. Sels was covering it, in any case.
Neat footwork opens up a little space for Ramsey on the edge of Forest's area, but his subsequent finish lacks a little composure: he leans back and lofts the ball over the crossbar.
Now, Nottingham Forest's other centre-back is booked, as Felipe hauls down Watkins and is shown a yellow card. It's been a terrible first half for the visitors' back four.
In the second of five additional minutes for stoppages, Villa retain the ball without much contest, as Nottingham Forest sit deep and try to limit the damage. They just want to hear the half-time whistle.
Hudson-Odoi cuts inside, skips past two players, and then lays the ball off for Dominguez. From the edge of the area, the Forest midfielder skies his attempt, sending it spiralling over the crossbar.
FOREST FIGHT BACK! On the stroke of half-time, Niakhate cuts the visitors' deficit! Villa were asleep at a set-piece, as Awoniyi nods on a corner-kick from the right, before the defender chests the ball in from close range! It's now just 3-1 to Aston Villa! Game on?
Heading the ball back across Villa's six-yard box after a corner, Awoniyi picks out the unmarked Niakhate to score Forest's first goal.
HALF-TIME: ASTON VILLA 3-1 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
An eventful first half ends with Aston Villa leading 3-1, having assumed control early on, when Watkins scored his third goal in two games to open the scoring at Villa Park. A Douglas Luiz double subsequently put the home side further in front, as they opened up Nottingham Forest's frayed defence time and time again - but the visitors bit back in stoppage time and can perhaps dream of staging a second-half comeback. Niakhate's close-range finish punished weak Villa defending at a set-piece, so the result is still somewhat in the balance, even if Unai Emery's team remain strong favourites to prevail.
Highlighting the size of Forest's task after the interval, Aston Villa have a record of 10 wins and one loss when leading at half-time in the Premier League this season, while the Reds' record stands at one draw and six defeats when behind at the break. If they are to have any chance of defying such trends, Nuno's men must surely tighten up in defence during the second half - they could easily be trailing by more.
Unai Emery has made a half-time substitution, as Pau Torres - who was recently sidelined by injury - is replaced by Chambers in central defence.
Nuno responds to Forest's first-half display with a triple change: first, Murillo makes way for Toffolo.
Felipe is also withdrawn, having been booked before the break. Omobamidele comes on.
Finally, Origi replaces Awoniyi up front.
Nottingham Forest kick off, and we are back under way at Villa Park!
FOREST BACK IN IT! The visitors further reduce their deficit, as Villa only lead 3-2! Half-time substitute Origi slips a perfectly weighted ball through for Gibbs-White, who is free in space behind Villa's defence, and the latter lifts the ball skilfully over an on-rushing Martinez! A goal either side of half-time has got Forest back into this game!
Within minutes of his introduction, Origi unlocks Aston Villa's defence with a pass for Gibbs-White through the centre.
MISS! Nottingham Forest should be back on level terms! Elanga is played through by Origi, who has made quite an impact since arriving from the bench, but he drags his low shot well wide of the left-hand post, with Martinez left totally exposed by Villa's defence! What an escape for the home side - they're going to pieces!
OFF THE POST! Tielemans strikes the upright! Sels was well beaten, but the Belgian's shot cannons back off the left-hand post! Moreno wriggled through two challenges to set up the strike from 15 yards, but Tielemans couldn't quite steer it home! What a start to this second half!
Origi is caught offside, but the Belgian striker has certainly helped his team start turning this game around. They've built some momentum now, having been on the back foot for most of the first half.
For what essentially amounts to a rugby tackle on Williams, Moreno is the first player booked for Aston Villa today.
Shortly after picking up a yellow card, Moreno will be withdrawn by Unai Emery, who is animatedly pointing to his head, appealing for calm in the Villa defence. Digne comes on.
VILLA 4-2 FOREST! The goal-count keeps rising! Played through by Tielemans following some slipshod Forest defending, Watkins tries to round Sels in the area. The goalkeeper's desperate save only presents the ball to Bailey, who simply guides it into the back of the net from 10 yards out! That's his 11th goal of the season! The hosts' two-goal lead is restored!
Slipping at the crucial moment, Hudson-Odoi sends his attempted shot from the edge of Villa's box flying high over the crossbar. It was industrious work from Williams on the right that opened up the opportunity.
After a short pause in proceedings while Bailey receives attention, the action resumes. We've had six goals so far, but it feels like there could well be more to come during the closing stages - it's wide open now.
Not for the first time today, Hudson-Odoi drifts inside from the flank and lets fly with a shot, but his latest effort is rather routinely saved by Martinez in a central position.
Having now seen off Forest's flurry following half-time, Villa are now bossing the ball again. They shift possession about in midfield, with all the onus on Forest to come out and seek more goals.
Quite craftily, Douglas Luiz draws a foul from Origi, just outside the Nottingham Forest area. He'll surely take the free-kick himself, with a hat-trick in the Villa midfielder's sights.
Douglas Luiz actually stands aside, as Digne steps up and crashes his left-footed free-kick straight into Forest's defensive wall. It looks like Nuno is set to make a fourth substitution.
Dominguez has his shift curtailed, as Yates trots on to join Danilo in Forest's midfield.
MISS! Forest again fail to capitalise: Yates pokes a gilt-edged chance wide! A delightfully lofted free-kick by Gibbs-White again exposes Aston Villa's high line, but the substitute can only stretch out his boot and guide the ball past the left-hand post!
Williams tracks inside to cut Watkins' progress into the box short, making a well-timed tackle. There is no consistent pattern to this game now, as it has become rather open and disjointed.
At full stretch, Williams makes another vital intervention deep inside his own area, but the ball still makes its way to Cash, who then fires wildly over the crossbar from 20 yards out.
Meanwhile, Gibbs-White makes way for Reyna, as Nuno uses his fifth and final change.
There will be an increasingly rare opportunity for Zaniolo now, as Emery takes off Tielemans.
After Bailey has a shot blocked on the right side of the area, the ball falls for McGinn, just over 20 yards out. As Villa's skipper seems set to shoot, Hudson-Odoi tugs him back - it's another inviting free-kick for the hosts.
Douglas Luiz sees his centrally-placed free-kick deflected behind for a corner, which is cleared away to safety. Then a second corner-kick ends with Watkins driving a hopeful shot high over the crossbar.
Finally, Forest's challenge seems to have run out of steam. There is a noticeable drop in tempo, as it appears Aston Villa will be collecting maximum points today, ending their three-match losing streak at Villa Park.
Danilo lofts a searching ball into the box, but Chambers manages to get his head on it, allowing Martinez to come off his line and claim it without any trouble. Time is running out for Forest to find two goals before the final whistle.
In the first of at least four stoppage-time minutes, Nottingham Forest are in the ascendancy, with Villa dropping back to defend the edge of their area. Emery will now run down the clock with a couple of late substitutions.
First, Bailey departs to warm applause, as Diaby is offered a brief cameo.
Recent signing Rogers also jogs on to the pitch, with opening goalscorer Watkins making way.
Forest are left exposed, having pressed forward in numbers, and at the end of a rapid counter, Diaby's low cross from the right is received by Zaniolo. The Italian lays it off for fellow substitute Rogers, who sees his shot blocked behind for a corner.
FULL-TIME: ASTON VILLA 4-2 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
Although goals either side of half-time briefly threatened an improbable Nottingham Forest fightback, Aston Villa ultimately capitalise on a three-goal advantage to win 4-2 at Villa Park and boost their hopes of a top-four finish. Moving further clear of Manchester United and Tottenham in that respect, Unai Emery's side took control through an early Watkins strike and a Douglas Luiz double, before Forest reduced their deficit via Niakhate and Gibbs-White. The visitors then threatened to equalise on a couple of occasions, but Bailey's close-range finish effectively secured maximum points for the Villans, who halt a three-game losing streak on home turf. Aiming to build on back-to-back wins, Villa visit Luton Town next Saturday, while relegation-threatened Forest have no time to fret: in the upcoming week, Nuno's men must face Manchester United and Liverpool in the FA Cup and Premier League respectively.
nan
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Liverpool and Luton Town at Anfield!
This game was supposed to take place at the weekend, but due to Liverpool's involvement in the EFL Cup final on Sunday, it's been moved forward. The Reds have the chance to extend their lead at the top of the league ahead of the rest of the fixtures and can go four points clear of Manchester City with another win here. They've only lost one of their last 14 games in all competitions (W10 D3), but they've won back-to-back matches since their defeat to Arsenal. Their form at home is a force to be reckoned with, though, as they haven't lost at Anfield in any of their last 24 outings there (W19 D5).
As for Luton, they've slipped back into the relegation zone after Everton's draw with Crystal Palace on Monday, but if they avoid defeat here, they'll leapfrog the Toffees once more. After going on a six-game unbeaten run in all competitions at the start of the year (W3 D3), they've since lost their last two against Sheffield United and Manchester United, though they were unlucky to come out of the latter empty-handed.
LIVERPOOL STARTING XI (4-3-3): Caoimhin Kelleher; Conor Bradley, Jarell Quansah, Virgil van Dijk, Joe Gomez; Alexis Mac Allister, Wataru Endo, Ryan Gravenberch; Harvey Elliott, Cody Gakpo, Luis Diaz.
LIVERPOOL SUBS: Bobby Clark, Adrian, Kaide Gordon, Andy Robertson, Jayden Danns, Trey Nyoni, Ibrahima Konate, Kostas Tsimikas, James McConnel.
LUTON TOWN STARTING XI (3-4-2-1): Thomas Kaminski; Teden Mengi, Gabriel Osho, Amari'i Bell; Chiedozie Ogbene, Albert Sambi Lokonga, Ross Barkley, Alfie Doughty; Carlton Morris, Tahith Chong; Cauley Woodrow.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: Andros Townsend, Reece Burke, Issa Kabore, Dan Potts, Zack Nelson, Jordan Clark, Tim Krul, Luke Berry, Pelly-Rudock Mpanzu.
Jurgen Klopp makes five changes from Liverpool's win over Brentford on Saturday, as Quansah, Gomez, Gravenberch, Elliott and Gakpo are all brought in. Robertson and Konate drop to a young bench. Diogo Jota is out with a knee injury, while Curtis Jones and Darwin Nunez aren't risked after also going off in that game. Mohamed Salah also isn't in the squad.
Despite losing to United last time out, Rob Edwards was clearly pleased with what he saw from his team as he names an unchanged line-up here. Woodrow continues to lead the line after Elijah Adebayo picked up a hamstring injury in the warm-up of that game.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Lokonga gets the game under way for Luton!
Liverpool win an early corner and it's worked to Mac Allister on the edge of the box. He curls an inviting cross to the far post, but Doughty heads it out for another corner. This one comes to nothing.
Kelleher sends it long over the top and Luton switch off, allowing Diaz to run onto it on the edge of the box. He can't get it out of his feet in time to get an early shot away though, and Mengi gets across to knock it away.
WIDE! Diaz has made a really bright start to this game, and Elliott plays it inside to him, and he just spins away from Osho to get a sight of goal. He does get a shot away this time, but fires it wide of the far post.
After a slow start to the game, Luton are advancing forward for the first time and Ogbene gets away from two Liverpool players to hook in a cross from the right. He's looking for Morris, but the captain can't get on the end of it.
Elliott goes out to take another corner, but it's cleared just in front of Quansah. It only goes as far as Mac Allister, who works it back out to Elliott, but the defender is caught on his heels this time.
Chong has acres of space in the middle of the field, and he spots Doughty to his left. He gets in front of Bradley to fizz a dangerous ball across the face of goal, but none of his team-mates are there to meet it.
GOOOAAALLL!!! OGBENE SCORES! Luton have the lead at Anfield! It comes from a throw-in on the left, and Doughty holds off Quansah to cushion it into Chong's path. The angle is tight, but he still goes for goal. It goes through Kelleher's legs, but the keeper gets enough on it to stop it from crossing the line. It loops up though, and Ogbene nods it in from the far post. 1-0 Luton!
Lokonga isn't strong enough as he tries to bring down Gakpo, and he's left on the floor by the Dutchman, who drives forward. He has options either side, but goes for goal himself, earning a corner as his shot deflects over the bar.
Luton are getting everybody back inside their own penalty area whenever Liverpool win a corner, and there's no space for the Reds. Bradley sees a cross blocked, and Van Dijk can't pick out a team-mate when he recycles it on the opposite flank.
Doughty steps across Gravenberch to try and stop him, but when the Dutchman gets away, he also pulls him back by the arm. The winger is shown the first yellow card of the game.
Bell's clearance is charged down by Gomez, which takes it straight to Gakpo, and he deftly flicks it into Elliott's path on the left of the box. He can't bring it under control quickly enough though, and Lokonga takes no risks by putting his laces through the clearance.
It's a lovely throughball from Chong into the box for Woodrow, but Kelleher is alert and rushes out to intercept it. He then throws it out to Mac Allister to set him on the counter, but he can't escape Barkley.
Luton have made a good start to this game, and Edwards will be delighted with what he's seen so far. However, history doesn't favour them in this exact fixture, as they've never beaten Liverpool in a league game at Anfield (P14 - W8 D6).
Luton have started to get a little sloppy in the last couple of minutes, and have given it away in their own half a couple of times. Mac Allister makes the latest interception, but his throughball to Gakpo is too close to Kaminski.
CHANCE! Gomez is allowed to advance and the Luton players just drop back, allowing him to keep going. When he gets to the edge of the box, he tries his luck, curling his shot towards the far-top corner, but it flies wide.
SAVE! Bell carries it out from the back, only to run into Van Dijk high up the pitch, and the Liverpool captain nicks it off him before picking out Diaz's run. He cuts inside from the left and drills his shot through Mengi's legs, but it's held by Kaminski.
Luton win a free-kick on the right, but they waste a good chance to put it into the box. It comes back to Barkley twice after he initially takes it short, but when he switches out to the opposite flank, Dought just drifts offside.
WHAT A CHANCE! Diaz starts the move, but he has to wait a while to get it back until Endo scoops a good pass into the box. The Colombian peels off the back of Mengi to reach it, but pokes it wide of the near post on the stretch.
Barkley's pass out to Ogbene is a bit too heavy, but the winger is able to keep it alive before returning it to the midfielder. Barkley does swing a cross in this time, but it's a tame one that is easily caught by Kelleher.
OVER! Diaz has had all of Liverpool's best chances here, and he sees another one go begging. Luton give it away in their own half again, with the forward driving to the edge of the box before letting fly, but his shot sails over the bar.
It's getting a bit stuck in midfield at the moment, with both sides struggling to keep hold of it for more than a couple of seconds. Gravenberch eventually trips Chong when his frustration gets the better of him, and Luton win a free-kick.
BLOCK! It's well won back by Bradley before Mac Allister's hopeful clearance sets Gravenberch away through the middle. He helps it out to Diaz once more, but Bell recovers brilliantly to slide in and block his latest attempt.
Another corner for the Reds is comfortably cleared by Luton, but Mac Allister manages to latch onto the second ball. He touches it back to Elliott, who is the latest Liverpool player to have a go from range, but this one flies over the bar too.
There's a collision between Woodrow and Quansah as they go up for an aerial challenge, with the defender getting caught on the side of his head. Woodrow is booked for the challenge.
Mac Allister nicks it off Osho on the halfway line and quickly gets it out to Diaz. He helps it onto Elliott, who has every intention of returning the one-two, but Luton swarm around him to stop the pass from getting through.
Into the first of two added minutes here, with Liverpool still attempting to get an equaliser before the break. Kelleher sends it long to Bradley, who flicks it onto Gakpo, but his cross is too close to Kaminski.
CHANCE! Ogbene has space to burst into down the right after knocking it past Gomez, and he curls an early cross into the box to Woodrow. He meets it awkwardly on the volley as he jumps, but it loops over the crossbar.
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 0-1 LUTON TOWN.
Ogbene's early goal gives Luton a 1-0 lead over Liverpool at half-time. The Hatters scored just 12 minutes into the game after breezing through the Reds' defence, and Chong's tight-angled shot was saved by Kelleher, but it looped off the goalkeeper for Ogbene to head in at the far post. Liverpool have certainly had their chances, mainly from long range, but Diaz has come closest to getting them on the scoresheet, sending two great efforts wide of Kaminski's right post.
Edwards will be thrilled with what he's seen from his side so far - despite having few chances, they've looked a threat on the break, but more importantly, they've defended as a unit to frustrate Liverpool. Klopp didn't look too happy on the sideline, though his team did react well to going behind so early. He'll be looking for a more clinical performance after the break, especially since he has no senior attacking options to hand on the bench.
There is a change at the break for Luton. Lokonga is the player making way after picking up a knock in the first half, with Mpanzu on in his place.
Liverpool get us back under way for the second half!
Mengi thinks he's done enough to hold off Diaz, but a foul is actually given against the Luton man. The Liverpool fans want a booking for the defender, but it's a member of their coaching staff who's booked for dissent for his reaction on the sidelines.
There's so much space for Elliott on the edge of the box when Endo slides it into him, but he chooses to take on another shot from range. He drags at it, sending it well wide of the far post.
PENALTY SHOUT! Mengi makes a brilliant block to deny Diaz from a tight angle, but Liverpool quickly work it back into the box. The Colombian looks to square it into the middle this time when it hits Osho's arm, which is just behind him, but the referee awards a corner.
Liverpool's corner causes a scramble in the box, with nobody sure where it's going to fall next. Gakpo reacts quickest in the end to poke it towards goal, but Mpanzu clears before the offside flag goes up.
Mac Allister picks out Elliott's overlapping run down the right, and he floats a good cross into a still-crowded penalty area. Gakpo gets a flick on, but he can't direct it towards goal.
GOOD SAVE! Chong steps in to shield it from Elliott in the box, but Gakpo is on hand to nick it off him. He takes it around the winger before drilling a low shot at the near post, but Kaminski gets down smartly to push it wide.
GOOOAAALLL!!! VAN DIJK EQUALISES! It's been coming from Liverpool, and their captain steps up! They finally manage to make something of one of their many corners as Mac Allister whips it into the middle, and Van Dijk darts in front of his marker to meet it. He gets power on the header, and Kaminski can't keep it out. 1-1!
It's a brilliant delivery from Mac Allister as he puts it straight onto Van Dijk's head.
GOOD SAVE! Liverpool aren't letting up the pressure here, and Bradley finds a pocket of space just inside the box. He keeps his shot low as he hits it down the middle, and Kaminski keeps it out with his feet.
Luton are making their second change in answer to that Liverpool equaliser as Woodrow is replaced by Townsend.
GOOOAAALLL!!! GAKPO SCORES! And just like that, Liverpool lead! It comes down the right side once more as it's clipped into the near post by Mac Allister, and Gakpo just peels away from his defender to meet it. It's another great header as he flicks it past Kaminski and into the back of the net. 2-1 Liverpool!
That's two assists in just over two minutes for Mac Allister, who picks out another good cross into the box.
GREAT SAVE! Luton just can't get out of their own box at the moment, and Gakpo is in on goal again. He surges past Bell down the right of the box, but his low shot is turned away by Kaminski for a corner.
KAMINSKI SAVES AGAIN! Mac Allister has found his range from the corner flag and he whips another wonderful cross into the box to pick out Van Dijk. He sends another powerful header on goal, and the goalkeeper scoops it away from his line.
After a frantic spell of the game, Edwards is making another change to try and settle things in midfield. Chong is taken off, with Jordan Clark on in his place.
Mengi has his arms around Gakpo to stop him from turning past him, and Liverpool win a free-kick. Elliott swings it into the box, and Osho just does enough to stop it from reaching Gakpo.
CHANCE! Bradley is dispossessed on the halfway line, and Barkley sets off on a rare Luton attack in this second half. He slides it forward for Doughty, who tries to catch out Kelleher by chipping it towards the far post from a tight angle, but it's deflected wide.
Liverpool are making their first change now, and Bradley goes off to a standing ovation from the home crowd. He's replaced by Robertson, which means that Gomez will switch to right-back.
Osho is caught on the ball, and Gakpo profits, but his low cross is half-cleared by Mengi. He only gets it as far as Elliott, but his pullback is too short for Diaz on the far side.
GOOOAAALLL!!! DIAZ SCORES! That should do it for Liverpool! After missing a couple of good chances in the first half, Diaz makes no mistake this time. Luton gives it away in their own half, with Robertson cutting out a switch to Ogbene, and his interception falls to the Colombian's feet. He drives into the box before rifling his shot past Kaminski at the near post. 3-1 Liverpool!
Robertson reads it well and was alert to dart in front of Ogbene, and cushion it into Diaz's path.
SAVE! Luton have a chance to get themselves back into this game as it's sent long to Doughty, but Kelleher rushes out to close him down. The winger manages to square it to Townsend, but the goalkeeper quickly gets back in position to block it.
Luton's final change of the game is an enforced one. Doughty was caught by Kelleher during that last attack when the goalkeeper closed him down, so he can't carry on. Kabore replaces him, which will see Ogbene switch out to the left for the end of the game.
GREAT SAVE! Diaz finds space in the box once more, but with two Luton players bearing down on him, he has to take this chance quickly. He pokes it towards the near post, and Kaminski gets down smartly to tip it away.
Barkley drags at Elliott's shoulder before sliding in from behind to nick the ball off him. He did catch the youngster with the follow-through, and it earns him a yellow card, much to his frustration.
There's another change for Liverpool now, as Bobby Clark is brought on in place of Gravenberch.
Liverpool are just slowing the pace of the game down at the moment, and although Luton are attempting to press, it's half-hearted. Kelleher does misplace a pass to Robertson, but Mpanzu can't make anything of it.
CHANCE! Barkley is caught on the ball in the centre circle, and Endo is quick to slide it forward to Gakpo. He has time to take it into the box, but tries his luck from range instead, and curls it wide of the near post.
Gomez gets a handful of Ogbene's shirt, and the winger decides to pull up to show it to the referee. It works, with Luton getting a free-kick, and Gomez getting a booking.
In Salah (19), Jota (14), Nunez (13), Gakpo (11), and Diaz (10), Liverpool are the first club in Europe's big-five leagues to have five players reach 10+ goals in all competitions this season.
Luton are enjoying a good spell of possession here, but it's all in their own half as they try to slow things down a little bit. They're in no hurry to push forward, though Liverpool are pressing them high.
Quansah clips the back of Barkley's heel, taking his boot off, and Luton have a free-kick in a good position. Barkley steps up to take it but curls his effort straight into the wall.
The home crowd are on their feet to give a standing ovation to the players making way. Diaz, who scored the final goal, which looks like it will seal the three points, is replaced by Danns, who makes his debut.
And Mac Allister, who set up the first two goals, goes off for McConnell.
Kabore catches McConnell with a late tackle and becomes the fourth player to go into the referee's book.
GOOOAAALLL!!! ELLIOTT SCORES! Osho intercepts Robertson's pass, only to give it away to Danns. He slides it into the box for Gakpo, but Mengi takes it off his toe. Elliott races onto the loose ball and whips a shot past Kaminski and into the back of the net. 4-1 Liverpool!
We're into eight minutes of added time here as Luton attempt to pull another goal back. Mpanzu slides it down the right for Kabore to chase, but he's caught on his heels and can't keep it in play.
Quansah is allowed to carry the ball a long way before he tries to set McConnell away down the right. Ogbene does enough to stop that from happening but puts it straight out of play to gift possession back to Liverpool.
Luton are pushing forward again to try and give their fans something to cheer late on. Townsend swings in a corner, but Kelleher rushes off his line to punch it away.
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 4-1 LUTON TOWN.
Liverpool's brilliant second-half display sees them come from behind to beat Luton 4-1. The visitors had a wonderful first half and took the lead just 12 minutes in as Ogbene headed in the rebound of Chong's saved effort. The Reds pushed to equalise but couldn't find a way through a compact Luton side. That changed after the break though, and two goals in just over two minutes flipped the game on its head. Van Dijk levelled things up with a thumping header before Gakpo flicked in their second. Diaz then punished Luton for giving the ball away inside their own half by rifling it into the back of the net, with Elliott rounding things off late on with a lovely curling effort in the 90th minute. It's a win that lifts Liverpool four points clear at the top of the table, though they have played a game more than the teams below them. Next up for them is the EFL Cup final against Chelsea on Sunday. That loss means that Luton stay in the bottom three, and they don't play again until their FA Cup fifth-round tie against Manchester City on Tuesday. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Manchester United and Fulham at Old Trafford!
United have looked a different team since the start of the year, and are yet to lose a game so far in 2024 in all competitions (W6 D1). They've won their last four Premier League games in a row, holding on last weekend to beat Luton Town 2-1 to extend that run, and a fifth consecutive win here would move them level on points with Tottenham in fifth. They have a good record against Fulham, going unbeaten in their last 16 league games against the Cottagers (W13 D3).
Fulham, on the other hand, have won just twice since the turn of the year (D3 L4), with both of those victories coming at Craven Cottage, and only one of them was in the Premier League when they beat Bournemouth 3-1. This run has seen them drop to 12th in the table, but Marco Silva will be keen to try and get just their second win away from home in the league this season, having gone winless in 11 on the road since beating Everton in their opening match (D4 L7).
MANCHESTER UNITED STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Diogo Dalot, Raphael Varane, Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof; Kobbie Mainoo, Casemiro; Alejandro Garnacho, Bruno Fernandes, Omari Forson; Marcus Rashford.
MANCHESTER UNITED SUBS: Sofyan Amrabat, Scott McTominay, Altay Bayindir, Antony, Toby Collyer, Jonny Evans, Amad Diallo, Christian Eriksen, Willy Kambwala.
FULHAM STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Tosin Adarabioyo, Calvin Bassey, Antonee Robinson; Harrison Reed, Sasa Lukic; Harry Wilson, Andreas Pereira, Alex Iwobi; Rodrigo Muniz.
FULHAM SUBS: Marek Rodak, Adama Traore, Kenny Tete, Issa Diop, Tom Cairney, Fode Ballo-Toure, Tim Ream, Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Armando Broja.
Erik ten Hag makes two changes from their win over Luton last Sunday, and they're both enforced. Luke Shaw went off with a muscle problem at half-time in that game, while Rasmus Hojlund, who scored seven goals in his last six games, also misses out through injury. Lindelof and Forson come in, with the latter making his first senior start for the club.
Silva makes six changes to his side after their loss to Aston Villa last weekend as Adarabioyo, Bassey, Reed, Lukic, Wilson and Iwobi are all brought in. Diop, Ream, Cairney and De Cordova-Reid drop to the bench, where Tete and Broja also start after passing late checks. Joao Palhinha is suspended after getting his 10th booking of the season, while William is out with a hamstring injury.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Muniz gets the game under way for Fulham!
Lukic nudges Mainoo on the ball, and his team-mates rush forward to get up with him in support. The United youngster recovers quickly to force him wide though, and no cross goes into the hosts' box.
Fulham have made a bright start here, and Iwobi makes a good run down the left. He can't pick out a cross, so checks back to lay it off to Pereira instead. He curls a shot on goal, but it's straight down the middle at Onana.
Robinson goes long, giving Iwobi something to chase down the left. Onana rushes out of his box to take it out of the winger's path, only to stumble after taking it around him. He rights himself in time before hooking it to safety.
Fulham have lost 13 of their 16 Premier League away games against United (W1 D2), with their only victory coming under Chris Coleman back in October 2003.
Garnacho slides in with a good tackle to stop Wilson's run, giving away a corner in the process. Pereira's delivery is cleared at the near post, but the Brazilian gets it back and tries to thread it into Reed, only to overhit it.
United are really struggling to get out of their own half here and look sluggish when they try to close Fulham down. Bassey is allowed to make a driving run forward from defence, and it's Forson that gets back to stop him.
WIDE! Forson's crossfield pass to Garnacho is cut out by Reed, and he plays it over the top for Muniz. He nods it down despite being sandwiched between two defenders, and Iwobi runs onto it. He strikes it first time but drills it wide of the near post.
Fernandes swings United's first corner into the box, and Leno flaps at it, but gets enough contact to take it off Varane's head. Dalot tries to recycle it, but Casemiro strays offside to meet his cross.
WIDE! Maguire commits to a challenge in midfield, and it opens the space in behind for Fulham as Pereira slides it through for Iwobi. He takes it to the edge of the box before going for goal, but he sends another shot wide of Onana's left post.
It's a good pass over the top from Casemiro as he looks for Fernandes' run off the back of Adarabioyo. The defender is at full stretch as he knocks it away from the United captain though, giving away a corner.
GREAT SAVE! Fulham broke with a lightning-quick counter from a United corner to win one of their own at the other end. Pereira's delivery gets a flick from Muniz in the middle that Onana pushes away, and Lukic can't direct the rebound on goal.
United are enjoying their first long spell of possession here as they try to gain a foothold in this game. It's all in their own half at the moment though, as they're struggling to get through Fulham's high press.
Casemiro played a wonderful throughball forward for Garnacho, but Adarabioyo tugged him back to stop him from getting there. He's shown the first booking of the game.
OFF THE LINE! Fulham are all over the place from the resulting free-kick as it pinballs through the box. Maguire manages to poke it through to Garnacho, whose curling effort is headed away by Robinson. Maguire gets a chance himself but sends this one over the bar.
BLOCK! Just like their earlier corner, Pereira swings it into Muniz on the left of the box, and he sends another glancing header towards goal. Casemiro is in the way at the near post though, and he bundles it out for another corner.
Maguire makes another good interception, and Fernandes doesn't waste any time in playing it forward for Rashford to chase. He gets in between the Fulham centre-backs, but Bassey stretches to cut it out in time.
OFF THE POST! Garnacho manages to switch it out to Dalot on the right just before he's brought down, and the defender has a lot of space on the edge of the box. He takes the shot early, but it skims the outside of the post on its way wide.
Onana's goal-kick is flicked on by Fernandes, but Garnacho can't open up any space for a shot as he cuts inside. He lays it off to Mainoo instead, but he gets it all wrong, slicing his shot well wide of the far post.
OFF THE POST! Iwobi debates curling in a cross but instead squares it to the penalty spot for Muniz. He spins away from Lindelof into space before hitting his shot. Onana is static on his line as it smacks the outside of the near post.
Fulham break quickly on the counter once more, with Robinson making a surging run down the left. He gets too much on it though, whipping it over the crossbar.
Maguire's first touch got away from him, and in his attempt to make up for it, he steps on Lukic's foot. The referee initially played the advantage, but now goes back to book the defender.
Lukic stays down in need of treatment on his foot, and the physios are brought onto the pitch. He's moving gingerly when he gets back up, but he's going to be able to carry on.
GOOD SAVE! Another United attack fizzles out, and the visitors race upfield while the space is still there. Reed helps it onto Pereira, who drives down the left before cutting inside to curl a shot on goal. Onana is at full stretch to push it wide.
GREAT SAVE! Leno is called into action for the first time in this game as Garnacho cuts inside from the left again. He whips a shot towards the far post from just outside the box, and the goalkeeper gets a strong hand behind it.
Pereira threw himself into a sliding challenge, though Garnacho neatly skipped away from it with little contact. It was a poor challenge either way though, and the Brazilian is booked.
United are looking to make a strong finish to this half as they keep Fulham penned back. Fernandes' corner is taken short to Mainoo, who helps it onto Forson, but his drilled shot hits his own team-mate in the crowd.
Into the first of two added minutes here, and Fulham are back in possession, patiently working it out from the back. They look to Castange to make something happen this time, but he can't find a way past Lindelof.
Wilson rushes back to get tight to Garnacho but clips the winger's heels in the process. He can have no complaints about that booking.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 0-0 FULHAM.
It's goalless at the break between United and Fulham. The visitors made a bright start to the game, and Muniz forced Onana into a great save with his glancing header from a corner. United didn't even have a shot until the 26th minute, but grew into the game, with Dalot striking the outside of the post from distance. Shortly after, Muniz rifled his own shot against the woodwork at the other end, before Leno stretched to deny Garnacho's curling effort.
Silva will be pleased with what he's seen so far, with his team looking a threat every time they attacked. They've caused United real problems, and he'll be looking for more of the same after the break. The hosts need to make a better start to the second half than they did to the first. They did create some good chances as the game went on, with Garnacho, in particular, looking dangerous.
United get us back under way for the second half!
Fulham have started the second half in a similar vein to the first. Castagne wins a corner after making a brilliant overlapping run, but Adarabioyo flicks his header wide from Pereira's delivery.
Casemiro and Reed are both down after a clash of heads in the middle of the park. The medical teams are on to give them treatment, but neither of them look like they'll be getting back up for a little while yet.
Both Casemiro and Reed are back on their feet, though the Brazilian is still bleeding and is holding a bandage against his head. He's led straight down the tunnel, but the Fulham midfield is able to carry on.
United are actually going to make a double change. McTominay is coming on to replace Casemiro, who can't carry on after that head injury.
And Eriksen is being brought on in place of Forson.
OVER! Reed clips a lovely cross into the far post, but Muniz can only flick it onto Castagne behind him. He lifts it onto Adarabioyo's head, and the defender heads it over the bar before a belated offside flag goes up.
Dalot is dispossessed on the halfway line, and five Fulham players surge forward in support of Iwobi. He knocks it out to Robinson on his left, but his first-time cross is out of Pereira's reach at the far post.
United are still struggling to get close to Fulham, and their high press isn't causing the visitors any problems. Silva's men are committing a lot of bodies forward in attack, and they look a real threat.
It's better from United here as they enjoy a spell of possession, but it's all in front of Fulham. Maguire has his arms out, asking for options in the final third, but none are forthcoming.
Varane's long ball over the top to Fernandes doesn't come to anything, but the defender intercepts Robinson's clearance to get a second bite at it. This time, he gets too much pace on the cross to Rashford, who can't control it.
SAVE! Garnacho commits himself but doesn't make the interception, leaving the space in behind for Castagne. His cross almost creeps in and has Onana scrambling back, with the goalkeeper tipping it over.
BASSEY SCORES! It's been coming, and Fulham have the breakthrough! Just like in the first half, Castagne sends his corner into the near post, but this time, it's Bassey who makes the run to meet it. He scuffs at the volley, but on his second attempt, he makes no mistake as he rifles it into the roof of the net. 1-0 Fulham!
Castagne is alert in the box and gets to it before any of the United players to set Bassey up for the shot.
United are trying to move the ball quicker than before, but they look very out of sync. They can't seem to string together enough passes to get into the final third and cause Fulham any problems.
Fulham are making their first change of the game now, and it's Pereira that's going off for Cairney.
United win their first corner of the second half, but Fernandes' cross is over everybody in the middle. Mainoo makes a late run to the edge of the box, but his volley bounces into the ground and back out to where his captain is.
SAVE! Fernandes leaves Reed on the floor with a lovely bit of footwork, and he opens up a pocket of space in front of him. He curls a shot towards the far post, but Leno stretches to hold onto it.
There are shouts for a penalty from some of the United fans behind the goal as Maguire goes down inside the box. He got the slightest of nudges in his back from Castagne, and the referee is having none of it.
Reed has gone down as the cut on his eye from his earlier clash with Casemiro has opened up again. He needs patching up once more, but he's okay to carry on.
Reed did come back onto the pitch after receiving treatment for the cut on his eye, but he is going off now. He's replaced by Traore.
GREAT CHANCE! Eriksen is outmuscled by Cairney, and Fulham break on another lightning-quick counter. He slides it through to Wilson, who takes his shot from the edge of the D, but he curls it wide of the near post.
OVER! Eriksen whips a delightful cross into the six-yard box from a corner, and Maguire gets in front of his marker to meet it. He thumps a header on goal, but it sails just over the bar.
Both sides are making a change here, starting with United. Mainoo is going off, with Diallo on to add something different to their attack.
And Fulham's is a defensive swap as they try to see out this win. Wilson is taken off, with Diop on in his place.
The home crowd are starting to show their frustration as another United attack fizzles out. Fernandes goes for the big switch out to Garnacho, but he can't keep it in play.
Eriksen steps in to stop Cairney from getting away this time and takes it to the edge of the box. He thinks about having a shot but lays it off to McTominay instead. His heavy first touch shows too much of it to Bassey.
Fulham have everybody sitting deep in their own half now, and they're doing a good job of closing down the space ahead of the hosts. United look a little frantic in possession as they search for a late equaliser.
MAGUIRE EQUALISES! He started things off, holding off Cairney well before taking it to the byline. His cross ends up falling to Fernandes on the far side, and he cuts inside to lose Castagne before curling a shot on goal. Leno saves it, but can't hold onto the ball, and spills it straight to Maguire's feet, leaving him to volley it into the net. 1-1!
Leno is booked in the aftermath of the goal for dissent.
WIDE! There are going to be nine minutes of stoppage time, and United have some belief back now. McTominay drives into the box and drills a low shot across goal, but it rolls well wide.
GOOD SAVE! Lindelof gets forward to join in the attack, and when the space opens up for him, he decides to have a go himself. His low shot is heading towards the far bottom corner, but Leno gets down to tip it away.
SAVE! Eriksen loses the ball, but just as quickly wins it back, teeing up Fernandes in the process. He tries his luck from range again, and Leno pushes it out towards Garnacho, but Adarabioyo just gets there in front of the winger.
GOOD CHANCE! Fulham are back to committing bodies forward, and Castagne just breezes into the box to offer Traore support. He uses the Belgian, who clips it into Muniz, but he sends his header bouncing wide of the far post.
IWOBI SCORES! Fulham have their lead back late on! Maguire heads it straight to Traore, who knows he has the beating of the defender in a foot race. He surges to the edge of the D before squaring it to Iwobi to his left. He coolly touches it around Dalot before slotting his low shot into the bottom-left corner, with Onana static on his line. 2-1 Fulham!
It was a brilliant counter-attack from Traore, who was barely put under any pressure by United as he raced forward.
United's final change sees Lindelof taken off for Antony, though the Brazilian has only seconds to try and make an impact here.
Fernandes picks up a late booking, much to his astonishment, for dissent.
Cairney is also booked for delaying United from taking a throw-in.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 1-2 FULHAM.
Iwobi's stoppage-time goal seals a dramatic 2-1 win for Fulham to end United's winning run. The Cottagers were bright throughout but couldn't make the most of their advantage in the first half. Muniz was denied by Onana and hit the post, while Dalot also struck the woodwork at the other end. Bassey broke the deadlock, rifling his shot into the roof of the net from a corner, but they were pegged back in the 89th minute. Leno saved Fernandes' curling shot but spilt it straight to Maguire's feet, and he volleyed in from close range. Fernandes and Lindelof both saw late chances to win the game pushed away by the goalkeeper before the hosts were caught out by a counter-attack, which Iwobi finished by slotting it into the bottom corner. Fulham get their first away win since the opening weekend, though they stay 12th in the table. Next up for them is Brighton at home. United miss the chance to go level on points with Spurs, staying in sixth. They're in FA Cup action next against Nottingham Forest. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our LIVE coverage of this Premier League fixture between West Ham and Brentford at the London Stadium.
Hammers boss David Moyes has been feeling the heat of late amid an abysmal run of eight games without a win in all competitions, with West Ham yet to taste victory in 2024. The Scot confirmed on Friday that he has a new contract offer on the table but will wait until the end of the season before deciding whether to sign. A win here would certainly easy the pressure a little bit.
Around 17 miles separate the two clubs by distance, while 11 points separate them in the Premier League. Brentford will be desperate to make it eight by the end of this evening after winning only once in their past 10 top-flight outings. Things are even nervier for Thomas Frank's men now after Everton's 10-point deduction for a breach of Profit and Sustainability rules was lowered to six today, meaning they have dropped to 16th in the table and only five points above the bottom three.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Kurt Zouma, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Emerson Palmieri; Tomas Soucek, Edson Alvarez; Jarrod Bowen, James Ward-Prowse, Lucas Paqueta; Mohammed Kudus
SUBS: Ben Johnson, Oliver Scales, Danny Ings, Nayef Aguerd, Lukasz Fabianski, Michail Antonio, Angelo Agbonna, Divin Mubama, George Earthy
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Mark Flekken; Mathias Jorgensen, Kristoffer Ajer, Ben Mee; Keane Lewis-Potter, Frank Onyeka, Christian Norgaard, Mathias Jensen, Sergio Reguilon; Neal Maupay, Ivan Toney.
SUBS: Thomas Strakosha, Mikkel Damsgaard, Mads Roerslev, Yehor Yarmoliuk, Shandon Baptiste, Yoane Wissa, Nathan Collins, Vitaly Janelt, Saman Ghoddos.
Huge news for West Ham and that's the return of Paqueta, who plays for the first time since sustaining a calf injury against Bristol City on January 7. The Brazilian comes in for Antonio in one of three changes for the hosts, with Soucek in for the suspended Kalvin Phillips and Mavropanos taking Aguerd's spot at centre-back.
Brentford also note three changes from the side that lost to Manchester City last time out. Maupay, Jensen and Lewis-Potter come into Thomas Frank's starting XI, with Wissa, Janelt and Roerslev all dropping to the bench.
Referee Simon Hooper blows on his whistle and we are underway at the London Stadium!
A first glimpse of Paqueta after a neat move down the left from West Ham but his low centre is cleared. You could sense the crowd's relief that he's back.
OH WHAT A CHANCE! It should be 1-0 to West Ham. Coufal's delivery from the right is glanced on by Ward-Prowse and Soucek somehow blazes over from just outside the six-yard box. He boots the post in frustration and there's no wonder why.
GOOOOOOOOAL! This time it is 1-0 to West Ham! The hosts win it back deep inside Brentford territory and it's worked brilliantly to the left flank where Emerson pulls it back for Bowen, who slices it straight into the left-hand side of the goal. Flekken was blindsided in fairness, but it's some finish.
Emerson was the man to get the assist with his low centre turned in by Bowen.
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?! IT'S 2-0 TO WEST HAM! More loose play from Brentford leads to Bowen gathering the ball. He feeds Kudus on the right and the Ghanian has Coufal overlapping. The Czech's ball is low to the centre of the box and Bowen is there to expertly side-foot past Flekken. What a start for the home side, you would never have believed they haven't won in 2024!
It was an excellent West Ham move and Coufal was the man to get the final assist for Bowen with a low cross from the right that was put on a plate for his team-mate.
A first glimpse of an attack from Brentford and a cross from the right is spilt by Areola but the Frenchman quickly gathers the loose ball.
With Lucas Paqueta starting in the Premier League this season, West Ham United have won 10 of 18 matches (56 per cent), scoring 1.7 goals on average in those matches. Without him starting, the Hammers are winless in seven games (D3 L4) and have scored just five goals in those games (0.7 per game).
GAME ON!!! Brentford have a goal back! Zouma's poor clearance is eventually picked up by Toney and his pass finds Lewis-Potter in an excellent central position. His through-ball into the area finds the run of Maupay, who fires high past Areola. West Ham 2-1 Brentford.
It was an excellent throughball from Lewis-Potter, who picked out Maupay's run into the area with a perfectly weighted pass.
West Ham might have the lead but that goal from Brentford has the crowd on edge. There's a penalty shout for the visitors as Kudus clumsily leans into Reguilon. Nothing given but that excellent start seems a long time ago already.
It's fair to say no one had this on their bingo card as a Premier League classic but it has been a superb start to this game. Coufal does brilliantly on the right and his cross in the area evades Soucek before Paqueta gets it all wrong with an effort that goes high, wide and not quite so handsome.
Brentford boss Frank could be seen on the TV replays quite animated with the fourth official. Something about that suggests he feels that Reguilon should have had a penalty a few minutes ago for that challenge from Kudus...
JUST WIDE! If Paqueta keeps getting this amount of space then he will punish Brentford eventually. It's Kudus who delivers deep from the right and the Brazilian times his volley reasonably well but doesn't connect quite right and his effort just goes past the left-hand post.
It's the first yellow card of the night and Reguilon's frustration goes on. It's a clear trip on Kudus but it might have been his angry reaction towards referee Hooper that ultimately earned him the caution. Either way there can be no complaints...well he did complain but realistically there should be no complaints.
Brentford win a couple of quick corners in succession but they both amount to nothing. It really is quite a peculiar atmosphere in here, West Ham are winning and have played well but there's a definite tension.
Jensen this time puts the cross in from the right towards Maupay but again West Ham deal pretty well with the danger. Moyes is barking out instructions and it probably has something to do with the fact Brentford are having a lot of joy on the right flank.
Only Burnley (2) have won fewer points in the Premier League in 2024 than West Ham United (3 – D3 L3). It is the Hammers’ longest winless run at the start of a year in the league since 2007 (first eight games).
Having Paqueta back certainly gives West Ham way more of a threat going forward there is no doubt about it. But at the same time they definitely lose a little something defensively when he's out wide. But he's a luxury they definitely need right now that's for sure.
A couple of efforts for Kudus in quick succession. The first is a weak header that was neither really an effort at goal nor an attempt to find a team-mate. The second was a real stinger from 25 yards, though, and Flekken did well to get his body behind it and gather the ball safely.
The next goal in this one, if indeed there is one, feels mightily important. If West Ham can get another then it is hard to imagine Brentford will get anything. If the Bees find an equaliser then West Ham heads might drop. It really has been an excellent encounter so far.
Ooooh should Kudus have passed that one? The Ghanian is a very direct player and with a chance to shoot from 25 yards he's always going to do it, but his effort goes wide of the right post. To the left of him Ward-Prowse throws his arms up in frustration because he was in an excellent position.
The Bees have lost their sting a little bit and have largely been chasing shadows. You get the feeling that Frank would be more than happy to get into half-time with the score as it is so he can reset and deliver some instructions to his side.
One thing that will be a huge frustration to Frank is how sloppy his side have been in their own half. Both goals came from poor play in deep in their territory but there been several other moments where they've just given the ball away. For West Ham, Soucek heads over from an Emerson left-wing cross - they look the most likely to make something happen.
West Ham have registered their most shots at goal in the first half of a Premier League game this season. They'll be hoping to turn one or two more into goals after the break, mind.
GOOA-NO! Well the offside flag is up anyway, which will be a relief for Soucek. Ward-Prowse whips a delightful free-kick into the area and Soucek is free in the area but on the stretch puts it over the bar. But, as mentioned, it wouldn't have counted anyway.
That would been a sickener for West Ham. A Reguilon free-kick is only partly dealt with and it's clipped back into Toney, who shoots wide when off balance. The flag was up again but West Ham had just a little warning sign there.
HALF-TIME: WEST HAM 2-1 BRENTFORD
Well it was an absolutely breathless start to the game at the London Stadium where Bowen had scored twice before some had even managed to take their seats in the stadium. Brentford hit back quickly through Maupay and the tension among the home fans set in a little bit. But the hosts will definitely be the happier of the two sides and they will be disappointed to only be leading by one goal. Brentford, by contrast, will be happy to hear the half-time whistle so they can regroup and go again.
To give you a flavour of how this game has gone, West Ham have an xG of 1.17, while Brentford's is a measly 0.14 - something they will have to improve massively if they are to get back into this one in the second half. Can they do it? Stick with us to find out.
Hooper blows on his whistle and we're back underway!
Footage showed West Ham coach Kevin Nolan, a former Hammers player, arguing with Maupay as the players returned from the dressing rooms. Maupay winding people up? Surely not!
There's a stoppage in play here as former Burnley defender Mee receives treatment. He lunged into a challenge with Kudus and is getting extensive treatment. He's surely going to come off here.
Somewhat surprisingly, Mee has re-entered the fray here. He doesn't look too comfortable, though, and Brentford might want to think about the change here.
Oooft that was a great delivery from Lewis-Potter. It was a cross that was hit almost like a shot, it was there to be attacked but Toney can't make contact as he dives to meet it.
Jorgensen goes into the book now after catching Paqueta with a high boot, a clear yellow card.
Reguilon needs to be careful here, he goes through the back of Soucek and looks bemused - strangely - that a free-kick is given. He's already been booked, he can't risk too many more of those.
If Brentford do get back into this one then Lewis-Potter looks the man most likely to make something happen, he's giving Emerson plenty to think about with his work down the right.
Brentford's five Premier League wins against West Ham are the only previous top-flight meetings between the two sides. In English top division history, only three sides have a better 100 per cent win rate against an opponent – Man City v Bournemouth (14), Arsenal v Reading (6) and Nottingham Forest v Portsmouth (6).
Brentford are incensed that a foul was not given for a challenge on Onyeka but it leads to a corner when Reguilon's effort is deflected wide. But once again it's a poor set-piece and West Ham make the easy clearance.
Mee eventually calls it a night from the injury he sustained earlier in a challenge with Kudus. Collins comes on in his place.
Collins' first task of the evening is to deal with a Kudus run into the area. He does so admirably and the resulting West Ham corner comes to nothing.
GOOOOOOOOOAL!!! IT'S A HAT-TRICK FOR THE BRILLIANT BOWEN AND THAT MIGHT JUST BE THAT! It's been a patchy night for Kudus but he did brilliantly to run at Reguilon before dinking a cross into the air that Bowen heads home for his first ever senior hat-trick! 3-1 West Ham.
He hasn't made the best of decisions this evening, Kudus, but he had Reguilon backtracking before lofting the perfect cross onto the head of Bowen.
GREAT SAVE! Reguilon delivers from the left and Onyeka's effort looks to be creeping into the bottom-left corner but Areola does brilliantly to palm it wide to make sure West Ham keep their two-goal lead.
West Ham are furious with Norgaard, who they feel went to ground far too easily under a challenge from Soucek (he did go down too easily). There's a few cross words on the bench too...from that man Kevin Nolan again.
OOOOOOH YER BEAUTYYYYYYY!! WHAT A GOAL! A West Ham cross is only half-cleared and Emerson takes a touch out of his feet before absolutely leathering his effort into the top-right corner from 25 yards. A real gem of a strike from the Italian and that is surely all she wrote with West Ham now leading Brentford 4-1.
The mood has changed drastically now. The previous tension has been eradicated and the Hammers are bouncing. Barring a footballing miracle they are finally going to celebrate a victory in 2024.
Oooh that one looked close. Norgaard is clipped in the penalty area by Paqueta. Hooper shakes his head, it could have been just outside anyway. Nothing doing.
Frank is rolling the dice here with a triple substitution and Maupay is replaced by Wissa.
Reguilon, who is on a yellow anyway, is replaced by Roerslev.
And the final sub sees Onyeka exit the play to be replaced by Janelt.
You sense that triple change may be too little too late for Brentford, but they have 15 minutes left now to try and salvage something.
West Ham also make a change and Paqueta gets a standing ovation from the crowd as he takes a seat to allow Antonio to enter the fray. He gets a nice, big hug off Moyes too. Isn't that lovely?
Another change for Brentford here as Jensen comes off for Damsgaard.
This has been a completely different West Ham side to the one we've seen in recent weeks. The return of Paqueta just seems to have lifted the whole team. They're coasting towards three points now.
Brentford are just chasing shadows now, they will be desperate for the final whistle to come. Sadly for the visitors, there are still nine minutes plus injury time to go...
Well, well, well this is interesting, Brentford have a goal back. Moyes is furious with his side. They lose the ball in midfield, the defence steps up high and Wissa is played through by Damsgaard before coolly slotting into the bottom-right hand corner. Maybe, just maybe, there's life in this one yet. West Ham lead 4-2...
It's a lovely throughball from Damsgaard, who played a perfectly weighted pass for Wissa to collect before scoring.
It's a still a long way back for Brentford, but it has just given them a little spring in their step. If they can just grab another, then who knows...
West Ham seem to have dropped just a little deeper now. Is it tactical? is it nerves? Whatever it is they still have a two-goal cushion so there'll be no major panic.
It was mentioned earlier how it's been a mixed bag of a night for Kudus. Well again here he drives really well at Collins and into the penalty area but the right-foot finish is pretty ugly and it goes well wide. He's still an absolute talent, though.
Brentford win a free-kick and Alvarez kicks the ball away to pick up a yellow card. Petty? Yes. Clever? Also yes.
There are seven minutes added on here. Quite a few murmurs of discontent from the home fans but it feels about right.
Brentford have a chance after good work from Toney to find Norgaard. It goes out for a corner that is once again easily dealt with.
Moyes brings off Kudus to a great reception from the home supporters. Johnson takes his place for the final few minutes.
WHAT A SAVE! Brentford haven't threatened much at all in injury time but Lewis-Potter's excellent delivery from the left finds Toney, whose downward header is brilliantly kept out by Areola.
Close again! Damsgaard has a fierce strike that Areola does well to keep out. The rebound falls to Toney and Emerson makes a crucial block because it looked like his shot was going in. Where was this onslaught 10 minutes ago?
FULL-TIME: WEST HAM 4-2 BRENTFORD
It's full-time at the London Stadium and West Ham finally have their first win of 2024 with a 4-2 triumph over Brentford in an excellent Premier League encounter. Bowen was the hero with a hat-trick in front of a buoyant London Stadium, the England winger netting twice inside seven minutes to have the Hammers off to a flyer. Neal Maupay struck back after 13 minutes to bring Brentford back into it but Bowen's hat-trick goal just after the hour settled any home nerves before Emerson's thunderbolt gave them more breathing space. Wissa pulled one back but Brentford - whose xG of 1.12 trailed West Ham's 1.51 - left it too late to really apply the pressure. West Ham climb back to eighth as a result of their victory but Brentford are now nervously glancing over their shoulder, they're down in 16th and just five points above the drop zone.
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Wolves and Sheffield United at Molineux.
Wolves are in impressive form in the Premier League having five of their last eight games in the competition (D1 L2), although their two losses in this run have come in their last two matches at Molineux (v Manchester United & Brentford). The Wanderers are unbeaten in their last eight home league games against Sheffield United (W4 D4), since a 3-1 loss in the second tier in October 2002. A win could see them climb all the way up to eighth in the table, leaping over Chelsea, West Ham, and Newcastle.
The Blades remain sitting at the bottom of the Premier League table and lost their previous fixture 5-0 at home to Brighton. It was the fifth time they've lost in the league by five or more goals, the joint most such defeats of any side in a single Premier League campaign (also Derby County in 2007-08). However, they did beat Wolves earlier in the campaign with a 2-1 victory at Bramall Lane, and they are looking to complete their first league double over Gary O'Neil's side since 1989-90, when they were promoted from the second tier.
WOLVES (3-4-2-1): Jose Sa; Toti, Craig Dawson, Maximilian Kilman; Rayan Ait-Nouri, Joao Gomes, Mario Lemina, Nelson Semedo; Pedro Neto, Pablo Sarabia; Hwang Hee-Chan.
WOLVES SUBS: Matt Doherty, Santiago Bueno, Boubacar Traore, Hugo Bueno, Tommy Doyle, Dan Bentley, Jean-Ricner Bellegarde, Tawanda Chirewa, Nathan Fraser.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-5-1-1): Ivo Grbic; Auston Trusty, Jack Robinson, Anel Ahmedhodzic; Yasser Larouci, Vinicius Souza, Oliver Norwood, Gustavo Hamer, Jayden Bogle; James McAtee; Rhian Brewster.
SHEFFIELD UNITED SUBS: Oliver McBurnie, Wes Foderingham, Tom Davies, Ben Osborn, Oliver Arblaster, Sam Curtis, William Osula, Andre Brooks, Dovydas Sasnaukas.
O'Neil has named an unchanged team from Wolves' previous fixture, and it's no surprise. The Midlands club secured a fantastic 2-1 victory away to Tottenham Hotspur, with Gomes scoring a brace. Wolves are still without Matheus Cunha, who suffered an injury against Bournemouth earlier this month.
After the Blades' heavy defeat at home to Brighton, Wilder has made four alterations. There's a change between the sticks, with Foderingham dropping to the bench and Grbic replacing him in goal. Mason Holgate misses out through suspension, so Trusty slots in at the back. In midfield, Norwood comes into the starting XI with Osborn named among the substitutes. Sheffield United's final change sees Osula dropping out for Brewster up front.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
The game is under way at Molineux!
Neto has started brightly for Wolves, receiving the ball from deep and dancing through the challenges of the Sheffield United players, but Souza manages to get back in and time his challenge to perfection. O'Neil's side are enjoying more of the possession in the early stages, as expected.
Lemina switches the play out wide to Neto who looks to get one-on-one with Bogle. He sends a searching delivery into the box and towards the back post, with Sarabia charging in, but the Wolves forward can't divert the ball back into the danger zone and he sends it behind for a goal-kick to the Blades.
Sarabia spots the run of Semedo who charges down the right-hand side, with Larouci coming across the close him down. The Portuguese right-back heads towards the byline and sends a cross into the box, but Grbic comes rushing off his line to collect the ball. It's all Wolves at the moment!
Kilman carries the ball out of defence and sends an outside-of-the-boot pass in behind the Sheffield United defence. Hwang is chasing it and manages to hook the ball across goal, but Grbic makes a stop with his feet. It wouldn't have counted anyway, as the assistant has his flag up with the ball going out of play.
Neto is sent down the left-hand side and gets into a foot race with Ahmedhodzic. The Sheffield United defender slides in and sends Neto to the ground, and the referee has awarded a free-kick. Sarabia is standing over it and he delivers towards the front post. Lemina gets across his man and wins the header, but his effort is blocked.
Semedo finds Kilman who delivers into the penalty area, but Ahmedhodzic rises highest to clear the danger. Wolves regain possession, but the Blades press them well and O'Neil's side are sent back towards their own goal. Wolves have shown plenty of attacking intent so far, but they're yet to find a breakthrough.
Bogle receives the ball out wide and carries it up the pitch. The Sheffield United defender keeps going and takes on Ait-Nouri, before bursting into the box. Bogle goes down under a challenge and he's appealing for a penalty, but the referee is having none of it.
Wolves have a corner after Ahmedhodzic cleared before Lemina had the chance to score. Neto is there to take and Wolves play it short, before the Portuguese forward receives it again. He delivers into the area and finds the head of Toti, but he sends his header over the bar and behind for a goal-kick.
Chance for the Blades! A throw-in is launched into the box by Robinson and it finds Brewster. The Sheffield United striker hits it, but Dawson flings himself in front of the shot. It falls back into his path and he strikes again, but Sa makes a smart save at the front post and punches it behind for a corner.
O'Neil's side have managed to have 71.1 per cent of the possession in today's game so far, producing five shots. However, Wolves are yet to hit the target and test Grbic between the sticks. The Blades have sat deep and allowed the Wanderers to have the ball, and they've stayed resolute at the back.
Another chance for the Blades! Wilder's side play it long towards Bogle, and the wing-back wins his flick-on, sending the ball into the path of Brewster beyond the Wolves defence. The striker charges towards the opposition goal and gets one-on-one with Sa, but Toti gets back to put him off and Brewster fires it into the stands behind the goal.
Sheffield United have a chance to break as Brewster and Dawson race towards a ball in behind. Brewster shrugs off the Wolves defender, leaving him on the ground, and he finds McAtee inside. The attacking midfielder is brought down but the referee waves play on, and it falls to Hamer outside of the box. He sends a throughball into the box, but Brewster isn't on the same wavelength and fails to make the run.
What a chance! The Blades look to counter-attack once again and Hamer launches a ball in behind the Wolves defence. McAtee latches onto it and he races away from Dawson. He bears down on goal and he only has Sa to beat, but he gets his shot all wrong and it trickles into the arms of the goalkeeper. He has to do better from there!
GOOOOOAAAAAAALLLL!! 1-0 WOLVES!! Neto carries the ball on the left and Ait-Nouri is fed out wide, before cutting in onto his right foot. He looks to send an early cross into the penalty area and Sarabia has pulled away from his marker, and he powers a fantastic header into the top corner. He was unmarked in the box, and the Wanderers have the lead!
Ait-Nouri changed the angle by cutting inside onto his weaker foot, and his cross was perfectly on the head of Sarabia.
Wolves work the ball in the middle and Sarabia finds Neto on the touchline. He delivers into the box but it cannons off the chest of Trusty and away. The Wanderers regain possession and it eventually comes to Semedo on the right. He twists and turns before floating a delivery to the back post, but the Blades can clear the danger.
Close to a second for Wolves! Lemina sends a volley out wide to Neto and the Portuguese forward dances between challenges before shifting the ball onto his right foot. Neto looks to unleash one from range and attempts an ambitious effort, and his strike whistles over the bar.
The referee was been advised to delay the restart after an altercation between two Sheffield United players is being checked. Souza and Robinson weren't happy with each other and had to be separated by their team-mates. After a short delay, VAR has decided not to advise any further action and play resumes.
O'Neil's side continue to dominate proceedings, but the Blades have had some chances on the counter-attack, so Wolves will need to be aware. The Wanderers have managed 17 touches inside the opposition box, but have only hit the target once through Sarabia's goal.
It's Wolves' turn to break as Neto charges down the left-hand side. He cuts onto his right and finds Lemina, and the ball is switched out wide to Sarabia. A cross is delivered into the box and Hwang attempts to get there as he tussles with the Sheffield United defenders, but he can't quite get a toe on it and Grbic comes out to collect.
Chance for Wolves! Toti bursts out of defence and plays a one-two with Lemina before finding space inside the box. He cuts back onto his left foot and strikes it, but Trusty flings himself in front of the shot and the ball is cleared. A cross comes back into the penalty area and finds Sarabia, but his shot goes over the bar.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of two minutes of added time at the end of the first half.
HALF-TIME: WOLVES 1-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED
Wolves go into the break with a 1-0 lead over Sheffield United at Molineux. O'Neil's side have dominated the possession with the Blades sitting deep and absorbing the pressure. Wilder's men have looked dangerous on the counter-attack, but they will need to be more clinical in front of goal to get back into that game. Wolves took the lead through Sarabia who powered a header into the top corner from an Ait-Nouri delivery. The Blades have had opportunities to find the back of the net with McAtee and Brewster testing Sa, but they're yet to find a breakthrough. The away team will need to show more in the attacking third to get a result.
Wolves have created 1.08 expected goals (xG) in the game so far, but have only tested Grbic with one shot on target. The home team have managed 22 touches in the opposition box, but O'Neil will be hoping his side can get more shots off and look to put the game to bed early in the second half. The Blades have set up well, looking to counter-attack at every opportunity with Wolves playing a high line, but they need to show more composure in front of goal. Wilder does have options on the bench to make a change in attack - could we see Osula or McBurnie coming on up front in the second half?
Norwood gets the second half under way for Sheffield United at Molineux!
Brewster bursts into the Wolves box and looks to turn Toti, before Lemina steps in and makes a challenge. The ball falls to Ahmedhodzic who goes to strike it, but his shot is deflected behind for a corner. It's whipped into the penalty area towards the front post, but O'Neil's side are able to clear the danger.
Dawson gives the ball away cheaply and Hamer sends a pass into McAtee who has made a run down the right-hand side. He finds Brewster inside the box but he's all alone, and he can't look after the ball and the Wanderers win it back. Wolves need to show a little more composure in the second half.
Close from Sheffield United! Robinson fires a pass into the feet of McAtee just outside of the Wolves penalty area. The attacking midfielder turns and shifts the ball onto his left foot. He takes aim from around the edge of the box, but he drags his shot just wide of the post and behind for a goal-kick.
The Wolves supporters are appealing for a penalty! Gomes takes a touch inside of the box and it flicks up onto the hand of Souza, but the referee has waved play on. The Wanderers win a free-kick just a few seconds later in a promising position. Sarabia delivers towards Grbic, but the goalkeeper punches it clear.
Sheffield United are pushing! The Blades are on the break with Hamer who drives through the centre of the pitch. He shifts the ball out wide to McAtee who gets it out of his feet and delivers a dangerous cross towards the back post. It falls to Brewster who strikes towards goal, but Sa makes a smart stop and quickly gathers.
Wilder's side have burst out of the blocks in the second half, managing five shots since the break to Wolves' one. The Blades have already touched the ball inside the Wolves box more times in the second half (10) than they did in the first (eight). Sheffield United are throwing men forward to try and find an equaliser!
Semedo shrugs off Robinson and carries the ball into the box. He fires a delivery into the danger zone, but it's cleared. It eventually comes to Toti who swings a cross back in, but Larouci puts it behind for a corner. It's taken by Sarabia, but he overhits the delivery and it goes behind for a goal-kick.
So close! Sarabia plays a one-two and picks up the ball just outside of the penalty area. He attempts an ambitious effort, striking one towards the far corner, but it flies inches past the post. Grbic was scrambling across his line and was struggling to get there, but thankfully for him, it went wide of the goal.
Sheffield United are on top! Hamer drives into the penalty area and manages to win a corner out of nothing for the Blades. He delivers into the box, but Toti headers clear. It falls to Bogle but Wolves can break through Neto. However, Larouci does superbly to get back and prevent the danger.
Wolves will now have an opportunity from a corner and Neto is standing over it. He plays it short and receives the ball once again, before delivering into the penalty area. However, Grbic comes out and collects. It was a poor cross from the Portuguese forward.
Semedo is the first player to be booked in today's game. The Blades looked to counter-attack and Semedo hauled Brewster to the ground.
Ahmedhodzic receives a yellow-card for protesting to the referee. The Sheffield United defender clearly wanted Semedo's booking to be upgraded to a red.
Wilder makes his first change of the game, with Osborn coming on to replace Larouci.
Brewster wins a free-kick for Sheffield United in a dangerous position, just a yard or two outside of the Wolves penalty area. McAtee and Hamer and standing over it. Hamer takes and decides to clip it towards the back post, but there is nobody there and Wolves are able to regain possession.
O'Neil makes an alteration with Doyle entering the fray. Ait-Nouri is the player to make way.
Souza is down for Sheffield United with what looks like a muscle problem. The medical team are on the pitch and he is receiving treatment. He looks in some discomfort, but Wilder will be hoping he is able to continue. After a short delay, he's back on his feet and it looks as though he is going to give it another go.
Ahmedhodzic is found making a bursting run inside the Wolves box, and he hooks the ball back into the danger zone. Brewster goes to attack it with his head from just a few yards out, but Dawson does superbly to nod the ball away and behind for a corner to Sheffield United.
Wilder makes a change in midfield, with Norwood replaced by Davies.
There's an alteration up top for the Blades, as Brewster makes his way to the bench. Osula comes on to replace him.
Despite attempting to continue, Souza's game is over, and the Blades make an attacking change. Striker McBurnie replaces the midfielder.
O'Neil makes another switch, with Hwang replaced. Bellegarde comes on for the final few minutes of the game.
Another chance for the Blades. Robinson launches a throw into the box and there's a scramble inside the penalty area. McAtee helps it towards goal and Semedo attempts to clear, but he completely misses the ball. It drops to the back post, but Osula can't quite get there and tap into an empty net, and it goes behind for a goal-kick.
O'Neil looks to shut up shop and makes a defensive alteration. Doherty will come in to replace Sarabia, who has scored the only goal of the game so far.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of five minutes of added time at the end of the game.
Wolves keep possession inside the opposition half before Toti finds Gomes in space just outside of the penalty box. The Brazilian midfielder turns on the ball and gets it out of his feet, before striking towards goal. His effort is on target and Grbic spills it, but he gathers at the second attempt.
Wolves now break with Lemina who is driving with the ball into the Sheffield United half. He finds Neto on the left-hand side, but he's brought down just outside of the box. O'Neil's side will take their time with this one with just a few minutes remaining of the game. Doyle and Neto are standing over it and they will look to play it short and keep possession.
Toti goes into the referee's book in the final seconds of the game for delaying the restart.
FULL-TIME: WOLVES 1-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED
Wolves secure the three points at home to Sheffield United in the Premier League with a 1-0 victory at Molineux. It looked like it had the potential to be a comfortable game for the home side after they opened the scoring in the first half through Sarabia and dominated the possession before the break. However, the Blades looked threatening on the counter-attack and O’Neil’s side had to be aware of the danger. After half-time, Sheffield United were the better side and produced eight shots in the second half, while limiting Wolves to just 0.15 expected goals (xG). Despite their efforts, they couldn’t find a breakthrough and weren’t clinical enough in the final third. Wilder will be disappointed that his side struggled to find the back of the net, and they will have to bounce back next time out against Arsenal. Up next for Wolves is another home fixture, but this time in the FA Cup against Brighton. That’s all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Brentford and Chelsea at the Gtech Community Stadium.
Brentford are going through a torrid run of form and have lost 10 of their last 12 fixtures in the Premier League. The Bees’ looked like they were on the up when Ivan Toney returned from an eight-month ban to help Thomas Frank’s men end a five-match losing streak with a 3-2 win over Nottingham Forest, but the hosts have since lost five of their last six outings. As a result, Brentford have dropped from 10th place in the table to 16th, just five points above the relegation zone. Their last loss was one of their worst in the run. The Bees were coming up against a West Ham side without a win in all competitions in 2024 but were beaten 4-2 by the Hammers.
Chelsea are back in Premier League action for the first time in two weeks after playing against Liverpool in the EFL Cup final. It was a chance for Mauricio Pochettino to relinquish some of the pressure after a disappointing season in the top flight and win his first trophy in English football. However, the Blues lost to an injury-hit Reds team in extra time. Chelsea quickly bounced back with a 3-2 win over Leeds United in the fifth round of the FA Cup and will now be looking to push for the European spots in the league. The visitors are in 11th position after a frustrating season that has lacked consistency in their results and performances, but they still have an opportunity to get into the Europa Conference League as they are four points behind seventh-placed Brighton.
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Mark Flekken; Zanka, Kristoffer Ajer, Nathan Collins; Mads Roerslev, Frank Onyeka, Christian Norgaard, Vitaly Janelt, Sergio Reguilon; Ivan Toney, Yoane Wissa.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Neal Maupay, Mathias Jensen, Saman Ghoddos, Thomas Strakosha, Keane Lewis-Potter, Mikkel Damsgaard, Shandon Baptiste, Yehor Yarmoliuk, Kim Ji-Soo.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Djordje Petrovic; Malo Gusto, Axel Disasi, Levi Colwill, Ben Chilwell; Moises Caicedo, Trevoh Chalobah; Cole Palmer, Enzo Fernandez, Conor Gallagher; Nicolas Jackson.
CHELSEA SUBS: Robert Sanchez, Marc Cucurella, Thiago Silva, Raheem Sterling, Mykhailo Mudryk, Noni Madueke, Cesare Casadei, Alfie Gilchrist, Jimi Tauriainen.
Brentford make four changes to the side that lost 4-2 to West Ham in their previous Premier League outing. Ben Mee is out for the rest of the season after fracturing his ankle and is replaced in the defence by Collins. Roerslev is picked on the right side of the midfield instead of Lewis-Potter, with Janelt coming in for Jensen to play as one of the trio at the heart of the pitch. Maupay scored against the Hammers but is out for Wissa, who netted off the bench.
Chelsea make five alterations to the team that beat Leeds 4-2 in the FA Cup. Petrovic’s form means that he is now the Premier League goalkeeper for the Blues, replacing Sanchez. Chilwell captains the side and comes in for Gilchrist at left-back, with Colwill also appearing at centre-back. Chalobah moves out of the defence and into the midfield, meaning Fernandez pushes forward to play just behind Jackson up front. Raheem Sterling, Mykhailo Mudryk and Noni Madueke all drop to the bench, with Cole Palmer and Conor Gallagher coming in. Silva and Cucurella return to the squad after a spell on the sidelines, but Christopher Nkunku, Benoit Badiashile and Romeo Lavia are all missing through injury.
Brentford have kept a clean sheet in each of their last three Premier League games against Chelsea – only against Manchester City (2021-2023) and Manchester United (2019-2021) have the Blues failed to score in four consecutive meetings in the competition. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Chelsea get this Premier League clash under way. There was a minute’s applause for former Brentford player Stan Bowles before kick-off.
There is a change of shape from Chelsea, with Pochettino playing with three centre-backs. Chalobah is playing in the middle of Disasi and Colwill, allowing Gusto and Colwill to push further forward.
Some quick feet from Palmer, rolling the ball through the legs of Norgaard before getting blocked by the Brentford captain. The Blues attacker wants a free-kick, but nothing is given.
There has been plenty of coverage around Chelsea’s injury woes this season, but Brentford’s absences cannot be ignored. Ethan Pinnock, Rico Henry, Aaron Hickey, Mee, Kevin Schade and Bryan Mbeumo are all missing for the hosts. The Bees would probably be comfortably mid-table in the Premier League with them in the side, but they are battling against relegation and are desperate to turn their poor form around.
Chelsea have dominated the early exchanges and have had 77.6 per cent of the possession. However, Brentford are defending with a rigid shape and are now allowing the Blues to move into their defensive third. The Bees will be looking to break forward quickly when they get the ball.
Gallagher collects possession on the right inside Brentford's half, and he slides a brilliant throughball down the right to Palmer. The Manchester City man assesses his options in the middle and cuts it back to Fernandez, but his dragged effort towards the bottom-left corner is turned behind by a Brentford defender.
Reguilon has the ball just inside Chelsea's half, with the left-back in space and delivering a brilliant cross towards the back post. It goes over Chilwell's head and straight to Toney, but his strike deflects off the defender and back against him before going out for a goal-kick.
WIDE! Wissa collects the ball just outside the box and is not put under any pressure by the Chelsea defence. He goes for goal from distance with the inside of his right foot, but he curls his shot wide of the right post.
Chelsea push players into Brentford's half, with Colwill strolling out of the defence and down the left. The centre-back then lofts a pass into Palmer, but his touch is poor, and the Bees have a goal-kick.
Chilwell fouls Zanka and gives Brentford a free-kick on the right inside their half. Reguilon whips a cross just into the box, but Zanka cannot turn his header on target under pressure, with the ball going well wide.
Brentford were unbeaten in their first four Premier League games this season (winning one and drawing three) but have since lost 15 of their last 22. Since (and including) their first loss of the campaign, only bottom two sides Burnley and Sheffield United (16 each) have lost more than the Bees. They have had bright moments so far, but are letting Chelsea have most of the possession and are waiting for a mistake from the Blues.
Chelsea are continuing to have the majority of the ball without challenging Brentford's defence. They have only had two shots so far with an xG (expected goals) of 0.10. Palmer has had 16 touches, but most of them have come from dropping deep to get involved with the play.
Janelt's long throw-in from the right is flicked on by a Brentford player in the box, but Petrovic is quick to the danger and collects it. The Bees are using every set-piece situation to get the ball into a dangerous area.
Jackson hasn’t seen much of the ball but gets an opportunity in Brentford's half. He drives down the right and gets into the box but gets it stuck under his feet when trying to work space for a shot and the chance is gone. Chilwell is furious as he was in space on the left after a brilliant run.
Toney drifts out to the right, getting to the ball before Chalobah before driving a low cross towards the near post. Wissa speeds ahead of Disasi and gets a shot away but hits the side netting with his low strike.
Flekken takes a free-kick just inside Chelsea's half and lifts the ball into the box. Wissa is in the middle and he attempts an ambitious overhead kick that goes straight at Petrovic.
Chelsea keep having long spells of possession before wasting it with a poor pass. This time Caicedo collects the ball just inside Brentford's half and attempts to switch it over to Gusto on the right, but he puts it too close to Collins, who makes a good interception before getting fouled.
OFF THE LINE! Chelsea should be ahead! Gusto plays a pass inside to Fernandez, who slides an intelligent throughball into Jackson inside the box. He is one-on-one with Flekken and goes around the left side of the goalkeeper before shooting, but his tame effort is cleared off the line by Zanka.
Chelsea have won each of their last four Premier League London derby matches, as many as they had in their previous 16 (drawing five and losing seven). They last won five in a row between January and May 2021. Jackson missed Chelsea's best chance just moments ago when he really should’ve scored.
Fernandez looks down the left for Jackson, but he puts too much on his pass and the ball goes behind for a goal-kick. The Argentina international keeps getting into good areas and is looking to connect the midfield to the attack.
GOALLL! JACKSON SCORES! 1-0 CHELSEA! The Blues lead! Palmer receives the ball on the right and pokes a pass out to Gusto, who quickly gets it out of his feet before whipping a fantastic cross into the middle of the box. Jackson is ready for it, getting above his marker before planting his downward header into the bottom-left corner.
What an assist from Gusto. He could take his time in possession, but he immediately puts the ball into the box after collecting a pass from Palmer. He finds Jackson, who does well to score his header after missing an easier chance just a few minutes ago.
Jackson has scored his eighth goal in the Premier League this season, netting for the first time since December 16 2023 against the Blades.
Gallagher gets down the right side of Brentford's box and goes down under a challenge from Collins, but the referee gives the free-kick the other way and books the Chelsea man for diving.
Chelsea are smart in possession, loading the pitch on one side to help open up space on the other. Chilwell makes the most of it and bursts down the left before getting a shot away, but his effort from outside the box is blocked.
Fernandez has the ball on the left, and he rolls a throughball down the left to Jackson, who gets ahead of Zanka and gets a shot away from a tight angle. However, his strike is tame, allowing Flekken to make an easy save down to his left.
Gallagher goes short with a corner on the left, playing it to Gusto, who drives a low cross towards Jackson. However, he cannot make anything of his flick, with Brentford clearing the ball away.
Caicedo has hurt himself after a tackle from Toney and needs some time to get back to his feet before being able to continue.
There will be two minutes of additional time. Brentford have not created anything since conceding.
Palmer shows some quick feet to get past Collins before getting into a tangle with the centre-back inside the box. The Chelsea man then gets inside the defender, but he is crowded out, and the chance is gone.
HALF-TIME: BRENTFORD 0-1 CHELSEA
Jackson scored his eighth Premier League goal of the season to give Chelsea a 1-0 lead over Brentford at half-time. The Blues dominated the early possession, but the Bees had the better opportunities to score early on. Wissa got onto the end of a low cross and crashed the side of the net before an ambitious overhead kick went straight at Petrovic. Jackson then had a chance, going around Flekken before having his tame strike cleared off the line by Zanka, but scored soon after. Gusto's brilliant cross from the right found the striker, who planted his downward header into the bottom-left corner. He had a chance to double his tally soon after, but his low strike from a narrow-angle was saved by the goalkeeper.
Chelsea deserve to be ahead at half-time after creating an xG of 1.21 with their eight shots. Jackson impressed with his runs off the ball and could've scored more than one with his three shots on target, but Fernandez has been the Blues' best player. The Argentine has had 51 touches, completing 97.6 per cent of his passes, with four being key. As for Brentford, they must do more after only creating an xG of 0.48. Wissa has had three of their four shots and has looked lively on the counter, but Toney is yet to have an attempt at goal with his 19 touches. Reguilón has been bright in the defence for the hosts, completing two tackles and two interceptions.
Brentford get the ball rolling again. Captain Norgaard has the first touch.
Brentford win an early throw-in on the right. Norgaard plays a quick one-two, chipping the ball up in front of himself before looping a cross into the box, but it is very poor, allowing Caicedo to clear it away.
Norgaard has his third throw-in of the half, but again, Caicedo clears it away. Janelt collects the ball on the edge, chesting it down before driving a low, left-footed strike straight at Petrovic.
GOALLLLLL! ROERSLEV SCORES! 1-1! The Bees are level after a bright start to the second half. Toney runs down the right and hooks a cross into the middle of the box. Reguilon takes it down brilliantly but scuffs his shot under pressure. However, Roerslev is the quickest to react to the loose ball and pokes it in.
Roerslev has scored his first goal in the Premier League this season, netting for the first time since January 2 2022 against Aston Villa. That has given some energy to the home fans!
POST! Brentford are close to scoring again! Janelt receives a pass on the edge of the box and has Reguilon bursting down the left side of him. However, the midfielder goes alone, driving a low shot towards the bottom-right corner but against the outside of the post.
OVER! Chelsea come forward down the right through Gusto, who looks to repeat his earlier assist with an inviting cross into the middle of the box. Collins gets an important head on the ball and flicks it away to Palmer, who cannot sort his feet out quickly enough and sends his shot over.
Chelsea are unbeaten in their last 20 Premier League matches when leading at half-time (winning 14 and drawing six) dating back to December 4 2021 against West Ham United (losing 3-2). They need to find a way to stop Brentford's momentum, as the hosts are playing with confidence since scoring. The Bees look like a different side since the end of the first half.
Janelt makes a poor foul on Gusto and goes into the book.
Toney holds onto the ball brilliantly and plays a one-two with Nørgaard to help Brentford push forward in Chelsea's half. The Bees captain then looks to slide a pass through to Wissa, but Chalobah uses his strength to push him away.
Fernandez was Chelsea's creator in the first half but looks to shoot this time. He switches possession onto his right foot on the left before sending his effort high and wide from outside the box.
WIDE! Huge miss from Palmer to put Chelsea ahead. Chelsea break forward with speed through Gusto, who pokes the ball past Collins before breaking forward. The right-back then sends a cutback towards Palmer on the edge of the box, but he shoots wide of the left post. He has to score.
WIDE! Wissa's turn to miss the target! Roerslev rushes down the right and is not put under pressure by Fernandez, who lets the Brentford man put a cross into the box. Wissa meets it, but he heads the ball across the goal and wide of the right post. He might have been trying to knock it across to Toney.
Chelsea have won just one of their five Premier League meetings with Brentford, losing three of their last four against the Bees (drawing one). It’s their lowest win rate against any opponent they have faced five or more times in the competition (20 per cent). This contest is in the balance and could go either way.
OVER! Brentford are causing Chelsea all sorts of problems. Roerslev makes another driving run down the right, ignoring Wissa on the penalty spot and driving a cross across the face of the goal. Reguilon darts inside and gets a shot away, but he is on the slide and puts it over.
Toney drifts out to the left and attempts to put a cross into the box, but he doesn’t look if there is anyone in the middle and the chance is gone.
GOALLLL! WHAT A STRIKE FROM WISSA! 2-1 BRENTFORD! The Bees have come from behind to lead. Wissa comes forward down the left and plays a pass to Reguilon, who sends in a cross. Chelsea head away the initial ball into the box, but Onyeka stretches to keep the attack alive, flicking it up to Wissa, who crashes an overhead kick into the left corner.
Onyeka is simply trying to keep the ball, but he puts in the air to Wissa, who scores an unbelievable overhead kick.
Fernandez looked exhausted on the left and was struggling to defend against Roerslev. He is replaced by Mudryk.
Onyeka stops a counter from Chelsea and is shown a yellow card.
From going ahead in the first half to being behind in the second, the final 15 minutes will be a real test of Chelsea's character. The Blues have only had three shots since the restart but haven't even hit the target once.
Onyeka got an assist and a yellow card in the second half and is now coming off. The usually ever-present Jensen takes his place.
POST! Reguilon goes close to doubling Brentford's advantage. Chelsea cannot handle the Bees' crosses into the box, with Roerslev drilling a ball over to Reguilon. The left-back gets ahead of Gusto and sends his downward header towards the bottom-left corner but hits the post.
Pochettino is sending on another attack for Chelsea to try and get the equaliser. Sterling is on for Colwill, which will make it even more difficult for the Blues to defend crosses.
Chelsea’s Sterling has yet to score or assist a Premier League goal in four games against Brentford, the most he’s faced a side without registering a single goal involvement. He’s only faced Manchester United (20 games and two assists) and Hull City (six games and one assist) more often without scoring than his four against the Bees.
Chelsea are putting on the pressure. Palmer ignores the chance to shoot from the edge of the box and combines with Gusto, who wins a corner on the right. Chilwell ignores the short option and sends a cross towards the near post, but it is headed away with ease by Norgaard.
GOALLL! DISASI SCORES! 2-2! Chelsea are level! The Blues take a short corner on the left, with Mudryk playing it to Palmer. The former Manchester City man works possession onto his left foot and lifts a cross towards Disasi, who slams in his header at the back post.
Palmer is always at the heart of this Chelsea side and demands a short corner from Mudryk, tricking the ball onto his left foot before sending a cross over to Disasi, who heads in at the back post.
Sterling gets into Brentford's box and tries to cut the ball across to Palmer, but he is crowded out, and the chance is gone. Chelsea have all the momentum now.
Wissa scored Brentford's second goal and is being replaced up front by Maupay.
Janelt has only had 26 touches in the midfield, completing 70.6 per cent of his passes. He is off for Yarmoliuk.
Gallagher rolls a pass to his left where Chilwell is surging forward, but he lashes his strike over from outside the box.
SAVE! Palmer has a shot saved this time. Sterling does well to shield the ball inside Brentford's box before offloading a pass back to Palmer, who curls a low, first-time effort down to the right of Flekken. The goalkeeper makes a simple save, but it was a good move from the Blues.
There will be five minutes of additional time.
Mudryk spins past Zanka on the edge of the box and wins a free-kick in a shooting position for Chelsea. Yellow card for the Brentford defender.
Palmer, Sterling and Gallagher want to take the free-kick just to the right outside Brentford's box. There is a quick pass to the left from Gallagher to Palmer, but his powerful effort is blocked.
Reguilon goes down in the Chelsea half and is being assisted by Disasi. He is fine to continue after a few seconds on the floor.
Sterling drives towards the byline and gets into a battle with Roerslev, with the ball bouncing between their legs before going out for a goal-kick.
FULL-TIME: BRENTFORD 2-2 CHELSEA
Brentford's three-match winless run ended with an entertaining 2-2 draw against Chelsea at the Gtech Community Stadium. The Blues had the better chances in the first half, with Jackson having an effort cleared off the line before getting on the end of Gusto's cross to plant his downward header into the bottom-left corner. The Bees improved after the break and came from behind to take the lead. Roerslev levelled from close range with his first goal since January 2022 before Wissa put Thomas Frank's men ahead with an overhead kick. The hosts looked destined for just their third win in 13 matches, but Disasi rescued a point late on, powering a cross from Palmer into the net at the back post. Brentford are six points ahead of the relegation zone and will be looking to cause an upset when they head to Arsenal in the Premier League. As for Chelsea, they stay in 11th position. The Blues' next match is against Newcastle, who will be bouncing after their 3-0 win over Wolves. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to today's Premier League live coverage of Burnley against Bournemouth!
Burnley come into this game sitting at 19th in the league table with four defeats in the last five league matches. The Clarets seriously need to pick up points soon if they want to try and climb out of the relegation zone, and Bournemouth might prove to be the ideal opponent to do that against. Burnley have an impressive head-to-head record against The Cherries, with four wins in their last six meetings.
Meanwhile, Bournemouth are 14th in the league table but they come into this game on the back of a six-match winless run. They will be keen to put a bigger gap between themselves and the drop zone - a win today would go a long way in easing some pressure off the back of a horrid run of form.
BURNLEY FC (4-4-2): James Trafford; Vitinho, Maxime Esteve, Dara O'Shea, Charlie Taylor; Lorenz Assignon, Josh Cullen, Sander Berge, Wilson Odobert; Jacob Bruun Larsen, David Datro Fofana
SUBS: Arijanet Muric, Manuel Benson, Hannes Delcroix, Hjalmar Ekdalm, Mike Tresor, Jay Rodriguez, Zeki Amdouni, Jack Cork, Johann Berg Gudmundsson
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Adam Smith, Marcos Senesi, Illia Zabarnyi, Milos Kerkez; Lewis Cook, Ryan Christie; Antoine Semenyo, Justin Kluivert, Marcus Tavernier; Dominic Solanke
SUBS: Mark Travers, Dango Ouattara, Enes Ünal, Luis Sinisterra, Alex Scott, Philip Billing, Romain Faivre, Chris Mepham, Maxwell Kinsey-Wellings
Burnley make a few changes from their last game against Palace, both in personnel and in their shape. Vitinho slots in at right back and Assignon moves up to right wing. Cullen also replaces the suspended Brownhill, whilst Amdouni is dropped to the bench in place of Bruun Larsen.
For Bournemouth on the other hand, this is the first time the Cherries have named an unchanged starting XI in the Premier League under Andoni Iraola, and first time that they have done so in the competition since May 2023 (v Chelsea).
The players are out onto Turf Moor, and we're almost ready for kick-off...
And we're underway! Let's see who comes out on top in this one.
YELLOW! Not the start Burnley needed as their centre-back O'Shea is already in the book.
Burnley have started the game well here and are putting some pressure on the Bournemouth defence already. A couple of balls into the away sides box are cleared by Bournemouth pretty comfortably, though.
CHANCE! Kompany will certainly be happy with the start his team have made here, as Burnley drill another low ball into Bournemouth's area. Assignon connected well with it, but straight at Neto.
Burnley have the first corner of the game...
Bruun Larsen's ball in doesn't threat Bournemouth and they can clear it away towards the halfway line.
Taylor is quicker than Cook to a loose ball and wins a freekick well into the Bournemouth half.
Cullen spreads the ball delightfully out to Taylor on the left flank, but the left back mishits his cross out for a Bournemouth goal-kick.
First half chance for Bournemouth, as Tavernier easily skips past Assignon and puts a dangerous ball into Burnley's box. It eventually clears and now Burnley move the ball forward.
Stoppage in play here and it looks like Senesi's game might be coming to an early conclusion. The Bournemouth defender seems to have pulled his hamstring, and what has been a tough start for Bournemouth has only gotten worse with this injury blow.
Bournemouth are forced into an early change here, as Senesi is replaced by Mepham.
Cook gets the assist for Bournemouth's opener.
GOOOOAALLLLL!!! Where did that come from?!? Bournemouth hopefully hoof a long ball towards the Burnley defence, which O'Shea really doesn't deal with. Kluivert takes the ball down well, composes himself and smashes it past Trafford. That will really dampen the Burnley spirit here.
Some Burnley shouts for a penalty are quickly checked by VAR as Semenyo is deemed not to have fouled Taylor in his box.
Burnley are now trying to calm the game down after that sucker punch from Kluivert, which really came against the run of play.
All four of Kluivert's goals in the Premier League for Bournemouth have been scored in the first half, with each of his last two coming inside the opening 15 minutes.
Bruun Larsen tries to reach a chipped pass into the Bournemouth box, but Zabarnyi gets to the ball first and clears it for a Burnley throw.
Odobert with some good and persistent work to win another Burnley corner.
Another half chance for the Clarets. The ball bounces around in the box but it just isn't falling for a Burnley player right now.
Cullen intercepts the ball well at the edge of the Bournemouth box and the ball eventually reaches Vitinho out on the right. Again though, a Burnley ball into the box is cleared.
Vitinho involved with play again, as he scoops a left footed effort well wide of the Bournemouth goal.
It's Bournemouth's turn to mishit a shot. Trafford makes a mess of a pass out from the back, Bournemouth pull a few passes together but Tavernier's shot skyrockets over the net. Trafford will be glad that came to nothing - the keeper has been taking chances on the ball most of the season, and already in this game.
Burnley are asking for a freekick here as Odobert seemed to have been clipped as he hit a shot towards goal, but the ref thought otherwise and play goes on.
Burnley clearly in control of the game here but are yet to really test Neto in the Bournemouth goal.
The home fans are urging their team forward here. Burnley are moving the ball exceptionally quickly today.
Look away Clarets fans! Burnley have lost 18 of their last 19 Premier League games in which they've conceded first, with their last such win coming in the 2021-22 season (2-1 v Watford).
Bournemouth finally having a bit of a spell with the ball. The away side will be happy with how the game is going, despite Burnley's dominance in possession, and Neto has still not been asked to make a save.
If you needed an insight into how well Burnley are keeping the ball here - the Clarets have had 93 per cent of the ball in the last 15 minutes.
Better from Burnley in the final third with a decent attempt, as Cullen lays a ball off to Odobert on the edge of the Bournemouth box. The Burnley attacker looks for the top right corner, but the ball whizzes past the goal.
Bournemouth are defending really well here and are frustrating the home side to no clear-cut chances.
Burnley make a mess of it around the Bournemouth box, and the away side try to counter quickly. Esteve eventually brings Solanke down and the forward has won a freekick in a pretty good position for his side.
Tavernier hits the resulting freekick over Trafford's goal.
Great chance for Burnley! Odobert plays a lovely ball through to Fofana, who can't quite get a shot on goal as Neto rushes out his net. The ball then comes out to Bruun Larsen who hits a shot towards goal and his effort is excellently blocked by Smith.
Yellow, and this time it's for Semenyo.
Yellow card for Kluivert, who is late trying to intercept a pass for Cullen and hits the Burnley midfielder with his studs showing. VAR did take a look at it for a potential red, but stick with the original decision.
CHANCE! What a save from Neto! Burnley have a freekick in a dangerous spot after Kluivert's foul. Bruun Larsen hits an effort over the wall and Neto scrambles across to save. Best chance of the game for the home side so far.
How have Burnley not scored here? The ball comes into the box and Vitinho of all players is in the box. He leaps for the ball but can only head over.
Burnley really pushing for an equalier late in the first half. Vitinho seems to be involved in all of their attacks at the moment.
Burnley fans asking for a second yellow for Semenyo who fouls Taylor, but nothing doing from the referee.
HALF-TIME: BURNLEY 0-1 BOURNEMOUTH
An eventful first half here at Turf Moor, and the home side will definitely be the more disappointed. Burnley have dominated possession, created some late chances with Neto making one amazing save to deny Bruun Larsen an equaliser, but it's Bournemouth who come into half-time with the lead. Kluivert capitalised on some shaky defending from the Burnley defence and smashed in from close range past Trafford. The two Burnley centre-backs didn't deal with a simple ball over the top well enough, and O'Shea in particular won't want to see that one again.
Burnley have had 75 per cent of the ball and with an xG of 1.23, compared to Bournemouth's 0.60, the home team will look to be more clinical in the second half if they want to get back into this game.
Substitution at half-time from Bournemouth, and Christie is taken off for Alex Scott.
Back underway for the second half here!
Kompany will be hoping for more of the same from his team in the second half, after what was one of the Clarets’ best first half performances all season. Burnley do struggle when trailing at half-time though, with a record of W0, D1, L14 when going into half-time behind.
Good defending from Burnley. Scott drives into the box but Berger follows him all the way and nudges him off the ball. VAR did check it for a penalty but nothing doing there.
Burnley work the ball well and move into the Bournemouth box. Yet again, nothing clear comes from the move and the ball is cleared away.
Big chance for Bournemouth! The ball breaks for Kluivert on the left flank and he plays a ball over towards Solanke. The ball is slightly too ahead of the forward but he does well to get a shot away. Trafford is behind it and saves.
Bournemouth have started this half with intent and a clear plan, which is to counter the Burnley possession with quick forward passes.
Berger skips past a couple of Bournemouth midfielders and drives forward. Taylor eventually whips a ball into the box but again Bournemouth are able to clear.
Burnley are upping the intensity here! The ball is played out to Vitinho, who whips a great cross into the box. The ball lands at Odobert's feet but his touch does him no favours and he fluffs a shot straight at a defender.
Cullen hits an effort from long range but it’s comfortable for Neto.
Some movement on the Burnley bench, and Kompany might be bringing some fresh legs on soon to try and affect this game.
Burnley think they’ve scored here, but the referee blows for a foul to Bournemouth! Another cross into the box falls to the feet of Cullen after Bruun Larsen nods it down, but Bruun Larsen is deemed to have fouled the Bournemouth defender and it’s a freekick instead. Kompany is livid!
Nasty one from Tavernier as he clashes with Cullen and goes into the book.
Vitinho also gets himself booked for complaining to the referee.
Substitution for Burnley as Bruun Larsen is replaced by Amdouni. Burnley's top goalscroer will be hoping to add to his collection here.
Big appeals for a penalty as Odobert goes down in the box. Scott seemed to have clipped his toes, but the referee doesn’t budge and play continues with Burnley really pressing the Cherries backline.
Bournemouth's goalscorer, Kluivert, goes off for Billing.
Semenyo is doing his best to put this game to bed here. The ball is switched out to him on the right flank, and he cuts in on his left to drill an effort past Trafford’s net. Really not far off!
Another sub made by Kompany. Vitinho, who's arguably been the best player on the pitch today, is replaced by the silky winger Benson.
Odobert does really well to dribble the ball into the Bournemouth half, with two midfielders chasing him down. He eventually gets his side a freekick.
Fofana, who has been incredibly quiet all game, wins Burnley a corner. It’s taken short and whipped in well by Benson. O’Shea couldn’t quite head the ball down and it loops out for a goal kick.
A reckless challenge from Smith gets him a yellow card.
Another short corner from Burnley doesn’t come to anything. Time is ticking away for the home side to get an equaliser…
Burnley still pushing for a goal but the Bournemouth backline looks comfortable. The home fans are getting impatient.
GOOOOAAAALLL!! Game, set and match as Semenyo puts this contest to bed. The ball is played out to the winger, who is allowed to cut in on his favoured left foot. Semenyo hits an effort towards the goal and it looks to have taken a deflection on the way and whizzes past Trafford. Bournemouth look to secure their first win in 2024 here and make matters even worse for Burnley.
Cook gets himself another assist in this game for a brilliant ball out to Semenyo. Great vision from the midfielder to set Semenyo off on his way.
Kerkez is replaced by Ouattara.
Another sub for Bournemouth late in the game, and Solanke comes off for Ünal.
Too little, too late you would think but Kompany brings on Rodríguez in place of O'Shea to try and get his side a late goal.
Gudmunds­son is on for Cullen to add to Burnley's attack.
We're almost at the end of the additional 6 minutes here, and this game looks to be petering out now.
FULL-TIME: BURNLEY 0-2 BOURNEMOUTH
All over here at Turf Moor, and another tough day for Burnley on home soil with a 0-2 defeat. The Clarets started the game promisingly with quick, decisive passing and majority of possession, but they lacked that cutting edge which Bournemouth showed when it mattered. Kluivert took advantage of some sloppy Burnley defending after a long ball over the top and skipped past O’Shea to smash one in for the first goal of the game. Semenyo then sealed the contest with a deflected effort late in the second half. Burnley’s 75 per cent possession and 1.53 xG counted for very little today with Bournemouth coming out on top with a lower xG of 1.10. That’s Burnley’s 11th home defeat of the season, which is now the most they’ve lost at home in a single league campaign in the club’s history, and paints a dooming picture for not only their next game away to West Ham but also the remainder of the season. Bournemouth, on the other hand, will be looking to build on today’s clinical performance as they host bottom of the table Sheffield United next matchday. Thanks for tuning in to our coverage and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Everton and West Ham at Goodison Park.
Everton go into today’s game in a poor run of form having not won in their last nine Premier League matches (D5 L4). Only once have they had a longer run without a win in the competition, going 12 games from the start of the 1994-95 campaign. The Toffees are yet to come away with three points in 2024, drawing five of the six games they’ve played so far. Sean Dyche’s side recently saw their 10-point deduction reduced to six points, giving them a little breathing room in their battle to stay in the division. The supporters at Goodison Park will hope that will allow them to play with a little less pressure on their shoulders.
West Ham lost in the previous meeting between the two sides at the London Stadium earlier in the season, with Dominic Calvert-Lewin scoring the only goal in a 1-0 victory for Everton. The Hammers will be hoping to continue their momentum from their last fixture, where they ended a six-game winless run in the Premier League with a 4-2 win over Brentford. David Moyes’ side have conceded at least twice in each of their last four Premier League games, shipping 13 goals in total. They last had a longer run of conceding multiple goals between November and January last season (five).
EVERTON (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Vitalii Mykolenko, Jarrad Branthwaite, James Tarkowski, Ben Godfrey; Dwight McNeil, James Garner, Amadou Onana, Jack Harrison; Abdoulaye Doucoure; Beto.
EVERTON SUBS: Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Joao Virginia, Ashley Young, Andre Gomes, Seamus Coleman, Youssef Chermiti, Lewis Dobbin.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Emerson, Kurt Zouma, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Vladimir Coufal; Edson Alvarez, Tomas Soucek; Lucas Paqueta, James Ward-Prowse, Mohammed Kudus; Jarrod Bowen.
WEST HAM SUBS: Lukasz Fabianski, Ben Johnson, Aaron Cresswell, Michail Antonio, Kalvin Phillips, Danny Ings, Angelo Ogbonna, Nayef Aguerd, Divin Mubama.
Dyche has made two changes from Everton's 1-1 draw against Brighton last weekend in the Premier League. Idrissa Gueye misses out through injury, so Amadou Onana comes into the starting XI. There's a straight swap in attack too, with Calvert-Lewin dropping to the bench and Beto coming into the side.
Moyes has named an unchanged side from West Ham's previous fixture, and it's no surprise. The Hammers ended a six-game winless run with a 4-2 victory over Brentford, and the Scottish manager clearly feels the 11 players who started that match deserve another chance to impress.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
Garner gets the game under way for Everton at Goodison Park!
Everton win a throw-in deep inside the West Ham half, and they recycle possession back to Branthwaite. He sends it long towards Godfrey, but Emerson is there to win the header. The Toffees come forward again as Godfrey looks to take on Paqueta and he goes down appealing for a free-kick, but the referee is having none of it.
Dyche's side are enjoying more of the possession in the early stages of the game, with Moyes instructing his players to sit deep and absorb the pressure. It's been a cagey start to the match, with neither side showing too much of an attacking threat in the first half so far.
Everton have their first shot of the game. Onana drives through the middle with the ball, but he's dispossessed. It falls into the path of Beto, who tries to find Harrison, but the ball cannons back into his feet. The Portuguese striker picks it up once again just outside the box and unleashes from range, but it goes comfortably wide of the post.
West Ham look to break away down the left-hand side with Emerson, but Branthwaite rushes across to intercept and hits the ball out for a throw-in. The Hammers continue to attack as the ball comes out wide to Kudus. He cuts inside and delivers, but it's headed away. It falls to Alvarez who strikes from outside of the box, but Pickford gets down well to make a strong save.
Everton's high press causes problems for the Hammers at the back and Areola's clearance can only find Onana, and the Toffees have a chance to attack. He fires a pass into the feet of Doucoure who tries to find Godfrey with a first-time pass around the corner, but he gets too much on it and the ball goes out of play.
Bowen is found in behind the Everton defence and he gets one-on-one with Harrison, but his cross is deflected behind for a corner. Ward-Prowse is there to take it and he delivers towards the front post, but Tarkowski is there to head the ball away from danger.
The Toffees are looking to play out from the back, but a wayward pass from McNeil goes straight behind for a corner to the Hammers. Bowen will take but it's headed away. Emerson helps it back into the penalty area and it finds Paqueta unmarked, but he can't direct his volley on target and it's behind for a goal-kick to Everton.
Kudus fights with Mykolenko and wins the ball, driving down the right-hand side. He finds Coufal on the overlap and he sends a dangerous cross into the box, but Godfrey is there to put the ball behind for a corner. Ward-Prowse will take and he delivers into the penalty area. Mavropanos rises highest, but his header is wide of the mark.
Everton are pushing forward now as Harrison looks to take on Coufal, and he creates space for himself to deliver a cross. Doucoure challenges Areola but the goalkeeper punches it away, and Mykolenko strikes it on the volley, but his effort is wide of the post. The referee has blown his whistle for a foul on Areola, so it wouldn't have counted.
Beto finds Doucoure inside the West Ham half, but he fails to control the ball and it falls to Onana. The Everton midfielder drives towards the penalty area and attempts an ambitious strike from distance, but it deflects up into the air and Areola comes off his line to gather.
Chance for Everton! Tarkowski finds McNeil between the lines and he spots the run of Beto, slotting him in with a superb through-ball. The Portuguese striker is one-on-one with Areola and strikes it low, but the West Ham goalkeeper makes a smart stop to deny him. He'll be disappointed not to have found the back of the net.
Beto holds the ball up well with Zouma tussling with him, and the West Ham man brings him down. The referee awards a free-kick from just outside of the box, and Harrison and Garner are standing over it. Garner delivers to the back post, but it's headed away. McNeil crosses it back into the penalty area and Beto is there, but Areola rushes out to block his effort.
Emerson has gone down inside the West Ham half and he looks in some discomfort. The medical team have entered the pitch and are providing him with treatment. It appears to be a knee problem for the defender, but after a short delay, he's back on his feet and he's going to try and continue.
It's been an evenly matched game so far, with both sides managing three shots, with one on target, and five touches inside the opposition box. The Toffees have had slightly more possession with 53.1 per cent, and they've had the best chance of the match so far thanks to Beto.
Everton will have an opportunity from a corner after McNeil's cross was deflected behind. Garner delivers towards the back post, but it's headed away by Zouma. West Ham win it back and they look to hit Everton on the counter-attack with Kudus, but Godfrey delays him well and the Toffees regain possession.
Mavropanos finds Kudus out wide, and he comes inside to Alvarez. It's delivered into the box but Tarkowski intercepts and Everton can break. Harrison sends a lofted pass to Doucoure on the right-hand side, and he cuts in before finding McNeil on the edge of the penalty area. He looks to find a team-mate with a cross, but it's deflected behind.
Garner will take the corner and it's a dangerous delivery, but West Ham clear. The ball comes back out to McNeil, but Bowen does well to dispossess him. The Hammers now have an opportunity to break through Kudus, and he finds Ward-Prowse out wide. However, Harrison does well to track back and win the ball for Everton.
Kudus switches the ball out wide to Ward-Prowse, who finds the run of Paqueta. He battles with Tarkowski, but the Everton defender does well to get a foot in. The Hammers recycle possession and Alvarez finds Coufal out wide. He gets to the byline and delivers, but his cross deflects off Mykolenko before cannoning back off the West Ham defender, and it's behind for a goal-kick.
Pickford finds Doucoure in space on the right-hand side with a superb side volley, and he picks out Beto who does well to win a throw-in. The ball comes back into play and Beto tries to deliver into the box, but it strikes Zouma and the Everton players are appealing for a penalty! The referee says no, but this will be checked. The referee is looking at the monitor... PENALTY TO EVERTON!
Beto is the player to take... but it's saved! Areola gets down to his left and makes a superb stop. The Everton striker wasn't convincing with his effort, and the West Ham goalkeeper made an excellent save!
Areola dived to his left and the ball was heading into the bottom corner, but the West Ham goalkeeper stuck out a hand and made a strong save to deny him.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of four minutes of added time at the end of the first half.
West Ham have a throw-in deep inside the Everton half, and Coufal takes it short to Kudus. He cuts inside onto his left foot and delivers a cross into the penalty area. Zouma rises above his marker and looks to head towards goal, but it's comfortably wide of the target.
HALF-TIME: EVERTON 0-0 WEST HAM
Everton and West Ham go into the break at 0-0. It's been a game of minimal chances for either side, but Beto has had two opportunities to fire his team in front. The Portuguese striker was fed through beyond the Hammers' defence by McNeil, but his powerful effort from inside the box was saved by Areola. The Toffees then had the perfect chance to open the scoring as Zouma handled inside the box, and Dyche's men were awarded a penalty. Beto was the player to take and he placed the ball into the bottom corner, but Areola made a superb stop to deny him and keep the game at 0-0. It's been an evenly matched game so far, with neither team looking entirely convincing when they get into the final third.
The two teams have managed just seven shots between them in the game so far. Everton have produced 1.01 expected goals (xG), with a significant chunk of that coming from Beto's penalty. The Hammers have managed just 0.34 expected goals, so both Moyes and Dyche will be disappointed with how little their sides created in the first half. It wouldn't be a surprise to see some attacking changes early in the second half as both teams push to open the scoring. Moyes could call upon Antonio, with the Hammers currently playing without a natural centre-forward. Dyche has Calvert-Lewin waiting patiently on the bench, but the English striker has struggled to find the back of the net of late.
Ward-Prowse gets the second half under way for West Ham at Goodison Park!
Kudus has gone down after a challenge with Mykolenko in the air. The West Ham forward landed awkwardly and the referee has stopped the game while he gets back to his feet. After a short delay, play resumes and Kudus is okay to continue.
Close for Everton! A Godfrey cross into the box is headed away by Paqueta, and Onana rises above Ward-Prowse to nod the ball into the path of McNeil, just outside the West Ham penalty area. He swivels and strikes it on the volley first time, but Areola gets down to his left to parry the ball away.
Onana fires the ball into the path of Beto, who turns well and feeds it out wide to Harrison. He attempts to deliver into the penalty area, but Soucek gets back well to deflect it off for a throw-in. Godfrey takes and finds Beto, who swivels inside the box and picks out McNeil, but his effort is tame and West Ham can clear.
Harrison is dispossessed and Bowen is found on the left-hand side. He cuts in and drives into the penalty area and bears down on goal. He twists and turns inside the box, but Tarkowski makes a last-ditch challenge from just a few yards out to prevent an opportunity, and Everton can clear.
GOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!! 1-0 EVERTON!! Garner drives down the right-hand side and West Ham fail to pressure him, and he gets it out of his feet before delivering into the box. It's a superb cross and Beto is unmarked in the penalty area. He heads towards goal, and it flies into the back of the net, leaving Areola with no chance!
Garner carried the ball down the right and produced a fantastic cross, perfectly onto the head of Beto.
What a chance! Everton hit the Hammers on the counter-attack as McNeil drives through the middle of the pitch. He finds Harrison in behind the defence with a superb throughball, and the Everton winger waits patiently for support. He dinks the ball into the penalty area and McNeil is there to meet it, but Areola somehow prevents a goal with an excellent save!
GOOAAAALLL!! 1-1!! WEST HAM EQUALISE! Kudus finds himself in space outside the Everton penalty area and he strikes towards goal, but Tarkowski blocks his effort and it's behind for a corner. Ward-Prowse is standing over it and he whips a dangerous cross into the middle, and Zouma rises above Godfrey to head into the top corner!
Ward-Prowse's corner delivery was exceptional, finding the head of Zouma who nodded the ball into the top corner.
Everton go close again! McNeil is found in space outside of the West Ham penalty area, and he gets the ball out of his feet and strikes towards the bottom corner with his left. It's a powerful strike, but Areola once again gets down low to make an excellent save.
Moyes makes the first change of the game and it's an alteration in midfield. Ward-Prowse heads to the bench, and Phillips comes on to replace him.
Everton have shown plenty of attacking intent in the second half, managing to create 1.02 expected goals (xG) since the break. The Toffees have tested Areola between the sticks with four shots on target, but the West Ham goalkeeper is having a superb game.
The Toffees go close once again! Beto tussles with the West Ham defenders before turning and creating space for himself outside of the box. He strikes it from the edge of the area and it deflects up in the air and is heading towards the top corner, but Areola scrambles across his line and tips it behind!
Big chance for West Ham! A long ball over the top from Alvarez finds the run of Kudus, and he brings the ball down well on the edge of the box. Tarkowski and Godfrey are tussling with the forward, but he attempts to take it around Pickford, and the Everton goalkeeper does well to deny him and it's behind for a corner.
Dyche makes a change in attack, and it's a straight swap in the striker position. Beto, who opened the scoring for Everton, is replaced by Calvert-Lewin.
The Toffees are pushing! Garner finds Doucoure on the left-hand side in space with an excellent driven pass, and the Everton midfielder drives at the West Ham defence. He fires a cross into the box and Areola comes off his line to parry it clear. It falls to Godfrey on the edge of the penalty area, but he strikes it into the stands behind the goal.
Everton go close again! McNeil receives the ball just outside the penalty area and finds Calvert-Lewin inside the box. The Everton striker takes a touch and strikes towards the bottom corner, but Areola dives to his left to make another save. The West Ham goalkeeper has saved his team on multiple occasions so far.
Dyche makes another alteration, with Harrison coming off. Gomes enters the fray to replace him.
Moyes makes an attacking change for West Ham, with Antonio coming off the bench. He replaces Paqueta for the Hammers.
Everton come forward again as a long ball from McNeil finds Calvert-Lewin, who has peeled off to the right-hand side of attack. He remains patient, waiting for support, before picking out Gomes in the middle. The Portuguese midfielder shifts it onto his left foot before striking towards goal, but Areola gets his body behind it and saves.
Soucek finds Antonio on the left-hand side and Godfrey comes out to pressure him, and the West Ham forward drives into the penalty area. He attempts to deliver into the box, but Pickford darts off his line to make the save. He spills it and Bowen rushes in, but the Everton goalkeeper gathers at the second attempt.
Onana finds Calvert-Lewin on the right-hand side and the Everton forward plays a one-two with McNeil before striking towards goal, but his shot is blocked. The ball flies into the air and Onana challenges Coufal, but the West Ham defender heads away. Gomes receives it and carries into the box, but he fouls his opponent and the Hammers win a free-kick.
The Toffees keep possession with West Ham sitting deep inside their own box. Doucoure receives the ball in space and fires a pass into the feet of Garner between the lines. He turns just outside the penalty area and shoots, but his deflected effort falls into the arms of Areola.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of five minutes of added time at the end of the game.
GOOOOAAAAALLL!! 2-1 WEST HAM!! Have the Hammers found a winner? The ball comes to Kudus on the left-hand side of the box, and he delivers into the penalty area. It comes to Soucek at the back post, and he produces a sensational outside-of-the-foot strike into the top corner, leaving Pickford with no chance!
Kudus stood the ball up towards the back post and found Soucek in space.
Soucek receives a yellow card for taking his shirt off during his celebration.
Pickford has his name taken by the referee shortly after West Ham's goal.
Dyche rolls the dice as Everton look to find an equaliser. Young striker Chermiti replaces Doucoure.
McNeil's game is over, and he's replaced by Dobbin.
Antonio receives a yellow card after the West Ham goal.
GOOOOAAAAALLLL!! 3-1 WEST HAM! Everton have an opportunity from a corner, but Garner's delivery is headed away. It falls into the path of Garner again, but his wayward pass is intercepted by Bowen and the Hammers counterattack. Alvarez makes a bursting run to the left and Bowen finds him, and the Mexican midfielder dinks it over Pickford and it's in the back of the net!
Bowen carried the ball from deep inside his own half, before finding the run of Alvarez inside the penalty area.
Moyes makes a late change to shore up his defence, with Ogbonna replacing Emerson.
Johnson replaces Kudus in the final few minutes of the match.
FULL-TIME: EVERTON 1-3 WEST HAM
Everton are defeated 3-1 against West Ham at Goodison Park. The game was 0-0 at the break, Beto had an opportunity from the penalty spot to open the scoring in the first half, with Areola making an excellent save to deny him. The Toffees eventually found a goal despite Areola keeping the Hammers in the game, as Beto headed home from a Garner cross. Just a few minutes later, Zouma fired in an equaliser, nodding in Ward-Prowse's corner. Dyche's side continued to push and produced 22 shots in the match, with 11 of those on target, but it was Moyes' men who found the next goal. Soucek struck a superb outside-of-the-foot effort, which flew into the top corner to make it 2-1. With Everton throwing everything at it in the final few minutes, the Hammers counter-attacked and Bowen slipped in Alvarez, who dinked it over Pickford to seal the game. The Toffees will be looking to bounce back against Manchester United next weekend, while West Ham are in Europa League action against Freiburg during the week. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to the live commentary of the Premier League clash between Fulham and Brighton at Craven Cottage.
Fulham have distanced themselves from the relegation zone with two wins in their last three. The Cottagers snatched three points at the death against Manchester United courtesy of Alex Iwobi's stoppage-time strike. Marco Silva's men were beaten in their last home game against Aston Villa, but did beat Bournemouth in their previous match at the Cottage with a convincing 3-1 win. Another victory would carry them within striking distance of the top half.
Brighton left it late to earn a point against Everton in their last Premier League outing. Lewis Dunk scored a late header to earn the Seagulls a share of the spoil at the Amex Stadium. Roberto De Zerbi's men failed to carry that resilience into their FA Cup clash with Wolves during the week, suffering a 1-0 loss at Molineux. With one eye on their Europa League showdown with Roma next week, Brighton will have to be at their best to avoid defeat today.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Tosin Adarabioyo, Calvin Bassey, Antonee Robinson; Harrison Reed, Sasa Lukic; Harry Wilson, Andreas Pereira, Alex Iwobi; Rodrigo Muniz.
FULHAM SUBS: Marek Rodak, Kenny Tete, Armando Broja, Tom Cairney, Adama Traore, Fode Ballo-Toure, Tim Ream, Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Willian.
BRIGHTON (3-4-3): Jason Steele; Jan-Paul van Hecke, Lewis Dunk, Joel Veltman; Tariq Lamptey, Adam Webster, Carlos Balepa, Pervis Estupinan; Julio Enciso, Adam Lallana, Evan Ferguson.
BRIGHTON SUBS: Bart Verbruggen, Igor, Pascal Gross, Jakub Moder, Danny Welbeck, Valentin Barco, Simon Adingra, Ansu Fati.
Silva has named an unchanged side from the team that beat Manchester United last time out. Muniz continues to lead the line supported by Wilson, Pereir and Iwobi. Reed has been passed fit to start in the middle of the park. Willian returns to the bench after missing the win at Old Trafford.
Brighton have made seven changes to the side that was beaten during the week by Wolves in the FA Cup. Steele, Van Hecke, Dunk and Estupinan are the only players that remain from the loss. Veltman, Lamptey, Webster and Balepa come into the team at the back and in the midfield respectively. De Zerbi completely alters his side in the final third as Ferguson returns to spearhead the attack and is flanked by Enciso and Lallana.
A good omen for Fulham ahead of the contest as they've never tasted defeat in their previous seven meetings with Brighton, including the 1-1 draw between the sides earlier this season.
We're under way at Craven Cottage.
Estupinan combines with Enciso on the edge of the Fulham box and the latter cuts inside to shoot on his right foot, but Leno watches it into his hands.
Brighton have looked to get their foot on the ball in the early stages of the game. They're not showing any ill effects of their midweek exploits.
Iwobi is played down the left flank into space and looks for the early cross into the middle. Veltman is well-positioned and blocks the delivery before clearing the danger.
Baleba pulls down Reed on the charge and goes into the book. An early caution for the Brighton midfielder, he'll have to be careful now.
Pereira sends the resulting free-kick into the box that is deflected out to Reed. He shoots on the half-volley, but Steele makes a comfortable save.
Lallana wins the ball in the final third and has the chance to release Ferguson, but his offload sends the forward away from goal and the attack peters out.
Lamptey uses a turn of space to surge down the right flank. He combines with Enciso before lifting a cross into the middle for Ferguson to attack, but it just sails above his head.
Ferguson looks to apply pressure on Bassey at the back and catches the defender with a late challenge. He avoids a booking.
Brighton look to break with pace, but Enciso is nudged to the deck by Reed on the half-way line. It has been a niggly game so far.
There have been no clear-cut openings yet. Both sides have fairly organised in their shape.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!! WILSON FIRES FULHAM AHEAD!!!!! 1-0!!!!! Wilson capitalises on great work from Muniz before finding the corner of the net with a left-footed strike. Fulham go direct and Muniz wins the first header with Webster and then battles for the second to work it into the path of Wilson. Estupinan stumbles as he tries to get across, affording Wilson the time to pick his spot and beat Steele.
Muniz does brilliantly for Fulham to create Wilson's goal. He attacks Bassey's long ball forward to beat Webster in the air. He follows his own knockdown to outmuscle the Brighton defender to nod the ball to Wilson to collect and score.
Fulham are unbeaten in 10 games after scoring the first goal in the Premier League this season, winning eight in the process.
OVER! Lallana turns away from his man in the Fulham half and drives towards goal. He takes aim from the edge of the box, only to launch his effort over the top.
CHANCE! Van Hecke plays Enciso into space on the edge of the box and he turns his man inside out to create room for a left-footed strike. He connects well with his effort, but sends it narrowly over the top.
Baleba drives forward and looks to thread a pass through to Ferguson, but Bassey gets across to make an important interception.
Muniz causes problems again in the final third as he gets the better of Webster, but he loses possession before he can pull the trigger.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!! MUNIZ MAKES IT TWO!!!! 2-0 FULHAM! Muniz heads home from close range as Wilson returns the favour from the opener. Wilson is afforded space and time on the right flank and he angles a perfect ball into the middle. Muniz times his run to perfection and steers his header into the left corner away from Steele.
Wilson takes a step inside on his left foot on the right flank and arcs a cross towards the six-yard box for Muniz to attack and score.
Estupinan plays Lallana down the left flank and he floats a cross into the box. Enciso attempts to attack the ball, but he gets his effort all wrong by blazing it over.
Lamptey draws a foul from Robinson down the right flank, but Leno punches the resulting free-kick from Enciso away from danger.
A concern for Fulham as Muniz goes down in a heap after being on the receiving end of a strong challenge from Estupinan. He requires treatment on the pitch.
Muniz appears to be okay to continue after treatment, although Silva will be concerned, especially after his brilliant opening 40 minutes.
Brighton are attempting to get back into the game by pressing deep into Fulham's half, but are lacking a cutting edge at the moment.
Ferguson drives into the Fulham box and goes for a low drive across the face of goal that Lallana fails to connect with as the ball travels behind for a goal-kick.
Van Hecke battles for the ball following an Enciso free-kick, but as he stretches to steer an effort towards goal, the offside flag is raised.
There will be four minutes of added time.
Lallana tries to press Reed in possession but gives away a free-kick. Brighton have not been at their best in the first half.
HALF-TIME: FULHAM 2-0 BRIGHTON
Fulham take a 2-0 lead into the break in their Premier League clash with Brighton. The home side are good value for their lead and have been clinical in the final third. Rodrigo Muniz and Harry Wilson have combined for the two goals. Muniz battled for possession to tee up Wilson for the opener before the Welshman returned the favour with a pinpoint cross for the forward to head home. Marco Silva's men are in complete control.
Brighton have lacked the clinical edge shown by the hosts in the final third. The Seagulls have created a couple of decent openings, but have failed to test Bernd Leno. Roberto De Zerbi's men are always full of effort and will not give up without a fight here, but they need to improve.
Fati enters the action to replace Enciso, who had been an active presence in the first half.
De Zerbi responds at the break as Adingra replaces Lamptey. The Seagulls boss wants extra firepower in the final third.
We're back under way at Craven Cottage.
Estupinan drives down the left flank and wins a corner. From the resulting set-piece Dunk rises in the middle, but plants his header straight at Leno.
Robinson has space to roam down the left flank for the hosts. He looks to dig out a cross, but Veltman blocks the delivery and clears the follow-up.
CHANCE! Pereira releases Wilson through on goal, but the Wales international has to take on the strike early on his right foot. He places his effort narrowly wide of the left post.
Muniz gets the better of Webster in a battle of strength down the right. He fends off the defender before sending a low ball towards the near post that Estupinan diverts away from Wilson on the slide.
PEREIRA HAS TO SCORE! Pereira is played through on goal by Iwobi and only has Steele to beat. Wilson arrives in support, but Pereira dwells on his strike and allows Dunk to get back. Between Dunk and Steele, the duo do enough to delay the strike before Pereira eventually curls an effort wide of the right post.
Iwobi uses the space in the Brighton half once more with another fine pass to pick out Robinson. The full-back has team-mates in the box, but he drills his cross at Steele.
Estupinan grapples with Muniz and brings down the forward. He goes into the book and is not happy with the decision.
INCHES WIDE! Lallana plays Ferguson through with a sublime pass and he only has Leno to beat. He flicks the ball past the Fulham keeper, but his effort trickles the wrong side of the right post.
Lallana could have had an assist with his final act, and his now replaced by Buonanotte for the final third of the game.
An attacking change from De Zerbi as he withdraws Dunk for Gross. Van Hecke moves into central defence.
SAVE! Muniz fires an effort into the side-netting and Steele then plays the ball straight out from the goal-kick. However, Wilson makes a sliding interception and it allows Pereira to line up a strike that the Brighton keeper saves. Almost a howler from Steele.
FERGUSON MISSES ANOTHER SITTER! The forward is played through on goal in the inside-right channel. He only has to beat Leno, but he fires a tame effort at the keeper.
The Seagulls are growing with confidence now and are beginning to exert real pressure on the Fulham backline.
Gross and Ferguson combine in the final third to tee up Buonanotte. He tries to weave his way past Bassey, but he takes one too many touches.
Webster makes an important block to deny Wilson at the near post following another dangerous cross from Iwobi.
Iwobi is withdrawn after an impressive second half where he could have had a couple of assists. Willian replaces him on the left flank.
Pereira should have effectively ended the game, missing a glorious opening. Cairney replaces him in the middle of the park.
Brighton are seeing a lot of the ball and are creating chances. A goal back for the visitors would make life very interesting in the closing stages.
Fulham are showing why they're unbeaten after scoring the first goal this season. The Cottagers have managed to keep a good attacking side at bay.
Baleba arrives late in the box to attack Estupinan's cross, only to plant his header over the top.
Fati tries an acrobatic effort from Ferguson's knockdown, but he fails to connect with his strike. It has been the story of Brighton's afternoon.
Baleba makes way for the Seagulls after an ineffectual game and is replaced by Moder.
OFF THE POST! Buonanotte latches onto Fati's pass from the deck and takes a neat touch. He places a low effort towards goal on his left foot, only to be denied by the post.
Fati collects the ball at the back post and lines up a strike from the angle, only to see his effort saved by Leno with strong hands.
Brighton are running out of time here. The Seagulls have had their chances in the second half, but have been wasteful in front of goal, Ferguson more than most.
Wilson was outstanding in the first half to score and notch an assist. He makes way for Traore.
Muniz has been Fulham's key man this afternoon. He bullied Webster to create the first and scored a fine header for the second. Broja replaces the forward for the final six minutes.
Moder sends a cutback across the box that reaches Fati in the inside-left channel, who sends a tame effort straight at Leno.
De Cordova-Reid is on for Lukic in the closing stages. Lukic had a strong outing in the middle of the park.
De Cordova-Reid is booked for time-wasting stopping a quick free-kick from the visitors.
Leno has to be alert to turn Adingra's deflected cross behind for a corner as it appeared to be looping towards the top-right corner.
GOALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!! TRAORE ENDS THE GAME!!!! 3-0 FULHAM!!!! Traore produces a clinical finish on the counter to end the game. De Cordova-Reid breaks forward after Brighton lose possession and he plays a perfect pass to release the winger into space. Traore holds his composure with a low strike that finds the back of the net.
De Cordova-Reid makes a bursting run and plays a well-timed pass to Traore, who does the rest with a fine finish.
Buonanotte finds the back of the net for the visitors, but the flag goes up for offside. It has been that sort of day for the Seagulls.
FULL-TIME: FULHAM 3-0 BRIGHTON
Fulham make it three wins from four in the Premier League with a 3-0 victory over Brighton to move within three points of the top half and more importantly 15 points clear of the relegation zone. The Cottagers did the damage in the first half as Rodrigo Muniz and Harry Wilson scored and created goals for one another. The Seagulls had ample opportunities to get back into the contest, but Evan Ferguson spurned two glorious openings. Adama Traore came off the bench to wrap up the three points for the hosts. Fulham travel to face Wolves in their next Premier League outing next week, while Brighton are on the road against Roma on Thursday in the Europa League. Thanks for joining us today. Until next time, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Luton Town and Aston Villa at Kenilworth Road!
Following a crushing cup loss to Manchester City in midweek, Luton Town now turn their attention back to avoiding relegation from the Premier League. A 6-2 thumping in Tuesday's FA Cup tie was the Hatters' fourth straight defeat in all competitions, and they occupy 18th place in the top-flight table. Though they have proven tough to beat on home turf this season, Rob Edwards' side have conceded 19 goals over the course of their last five matches.
3-1 winners when Luton visited Birmingham at the end of October, Aston Villa defeated Nottingham Forest at home last week, recording their first Villa Park victory of 2024. Although their home form has recently stuttered, Unai Emery's men are unbeaten on the road this year, conceding just one goal in five away fixtures. The Villans hold a two-point lead over Tottenham in the fourth and final Champions League spot, as things stand.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-2-1): Thomas Kaminski; Teden Mengi, Reece Burke, Amari'i Bell; Issa Kabore, Ross Barkley, Jordan Clark, Alfie Doughty; Andros Townsend, Tahith Chong; Carlton Morris.
SUBS: Tim Krul, James Shea, Chiedozie Ogbene, Cauley Woodrow, Daiki Hashioka, Axel Piesold, Zack Nelson, Luke Berry, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu.
ASTON VILLA (4-2-3-1): Emiliano Martinez; Matty Cash, Ezri Konsa, Clement Lenglet, Alex Moreno; Douglas Luiz, John McGinn; Leon Bailey, Youri Tielemans, Jacob Ramsey; Ollie Watkins.
SUBS: Robin Olsen, Moussa Diaby, Morgan Rogers, Pau Torres, Calum Chambers, Nicolo Zaniolo, Lucas Digne, Kaine Kessler, Tim Iroegbunam.
Kaminski and Townsend come back into Luton's starting XI today, alongside Man City loanee Issa Kabore, who returns after being ineligible to play his parent club earlier this week. Gabriel Osho is ruled out with a muscular injury, as the Hatters' absence list grows: Mads Andersen, Elijah Adebayo, Albert Sambi Lokonga and Marvelous Nakamba are among several players still unavailable.
After Pau Torres was taken off at half-time against Nottingham Forest with a minor injury, the Spain international is only named on Aston Villa's bench today. Konsa is back in the starting XI after overcoming a knee problem, but Jhon Duran and Diego Carlos both join long-term absentees Boubacar Kamara, Tyrone Mings and Emi Buendia on the sidelines.
The players are out on the pitch, and kick-off in this Premier League contest is now just moments away!
Luton Town kick off, and we are under way at Kenilworth Road!
Not since 1989 have Aston Villa come away from this venue with a victory, losing on each of their last three visits to the Hatters' headquarters. Both need three points to aid their respective causes at either end of the table - but who will come out on top?
After an early scare, when Bailey's dangerous cross grazes Ramsey's chest in the box before being cleared away, Luton are enjoying some early possession just inside the opposition half.
At top speed, Mengi races back to snuff out a run through on goal from Ramsey, who was played through by a typically perceptive pass from Douglas Luiz. The home fans breathe again.
Bell pulls up and then sinks down to the turf, and it looks like he will not be able to continue. Surely this is a muscular problem. The defender is walked to the touchline by Luton's medical staff.
Bell's injury sees Ogbene introduced earlier than expected. A wing-back by trade, the Republic of Ireland star's arrival may mean a shuffle of personnel.
It seems that Doughty will drop into Luton's back three, with Ogbene shuttling up and down the left flank instead. The latter's contest with Cash could prove interesting.
The home fans are in uproar after Morris is penalised for felling Konsa deep in Villa territory. The visitors then take their time to clear upfield via a big boot from Martinez.
Aston Villa are keeping possession patiently, as Luton's bright orange jerseys buzz around them. Then, Ramsey's shove on Barkley gifts the hosts a free-kick in midfield.
Some 40 per cent of the action has taken place in Villa's defensive third so far, although the away side have rarely been under threat. Emery's men are simply keeping the ball and waiting to strike on the break.
SAVE! Back in the starting XI today, Kaminski dives across to his left, tipping away Ramsey's stinging shot from an angle! McGinn fed Villa's home-grown starlet with a smart pass, but the Luton goalkeeper was equal to it!
Ramsey is temporarily withdrawn, having picked up a knock; in his absence, Douglas Luiz arrives unmarked in the box but only steers a free header well wide of the target.
Villa are back to 11 men following Ramsey's return, and they'll be aiming to build upon a couple of half-chances they've had so far. They've taken three shots at goal, while Luton are yet to record one.
Mengi tussles with Watkins near the halfway line and brings the England striker down, conceding a free-kick. Villa's top scorer is making his 50th successive Premier League appearance today.
Tight to the right byline, Watkins looks up towards the centre of Luton's area but can only find the gloves of Kaminski, who completes a comfortable catch from the forward's tame cross.
SHARP STOP! McGinn, Bailey and Watkins combine, and the latter reaches the edge of the area before unleashing a firm strike at goal! Again, Kaminski stands firm and palms it away! That's an Aston Villa corner.
VILLA IN FRONT! Reaching 20 goals for the season, Watkins rises highest at the near post, meeting Bailey's curling corner with a powerful header angled into the top-right corner! Kaminski had no chance on this occasion, and Aston Villa take another first-half lead: 1-0!
From the right side, Bailey sends over a corner-kick to opening goalscorer Watkins in the centre of Luton's area.
After conceding the opening goal at Kenilworth Road this season, Luton have gone on to take just one point from eight Premier League games. Now trailing to a well-drilled Aston Villa side, they are really up against the odds today.
Luton have not been fazed by going a goal down, as they are enjoying a little more possession now. Given their recent defensive problems, they perhaps need to steady the ship rather than chase an immediate equaliser.
Following his earlier injury, Ramsey cannot continue. January signing Rogers comes on to replace him.
A second successive Villa corner, this time taken short by Bailey in a pre-planned routine, ultimately ends with Lenglet steering McGinn's inswinging cross well over the crossbar.
There's more injury woe now, this time for Luton Town. Mengi is hobbling around with what looks like an ankle problem, and the action is paused while the centre-back receives treatment.
CLOSE! Although not moving freely, Mengi is now back in place. Soon after his re-introduction, Watkins zips a low shot across the face of goal from the edge of the area. It barely brushes the post on its way wide!
Aston Villa have scored more first-half goals than any other side in the Premier League this season (28), while only champions Manchester City (13) have led at half-time more often than the Villans (12). They're on course to hold an advantage at the interval today, too.
Burke fells Morgan and becomes the first player booked today.
ASTON VILLA SCORE? Although immediately flagged for offside, Watkins finishes calmly from just inside the box, and after a brief delay the VAR intervenes with a potential goal check! Could Villa be about to lead 2-0?
WATKINS STRIKES AGAIN! Slipping clear of Luton's wide-open defence, Watkins latches on to a superb long pass by Douglas Luiz, takes one touch and then coolly slams the ball home via the right-hand post! It's a clinical finish, and the VAR ultimately decides that he was onside: it's 2-0 to Aston Villa before the break!
Displaying quick thinking, Douglas Luiz drops a long free-kick over Luton's defence to release Watkins, who then scores.
Luton are yet to have a shot in today's game, and it's apparent that confidence is seeping away by the minute. They simply can't stop leaking goals at the moment. Villa are now in cruise mode.
SUPER SAVE! Kaminski keeps Luton in it! Substitute Rogers cuts inside and fires a powerful shot at goal, but the goalkeeper rises high to fingertip it over the crossbar by the finest of margins! That could have finished it from a Villa point of view.
For bringing down Clark with a minor shove, Douglas Luiz goes into the referee's notebook.
In the second minute of at least seven added for several stoppages, Chong drills the ball wildly over the top from a tight angle on the left. There's been a total lack of composure in the final third so far, which will disappoint Luton boss Edwards.
Watkins tries to link up with Bailey on the right side of Luton's area, but a vital interception by Ogbene just stops the Jamaican winger receiving it.
MISS! After a period of head-tennis just outside Aston Villa's six-yard box, Townsend arrives on the scene and plants a headed effort over the crossbar! That's as close as Luton have come to scoring so far - and it wasn't that close!
Butler brings down Ogbene, in an intriguing battle between two speedy wingers - he's shown a yellow card by the referee.
Bailey shoots straight at Kaminski from mid-range, then Barkley strikes a 20-yard free-kick into Villa's defensive wall at the other end soon after. That's all for the first half.
HALF-TIME: LUTON TOWN 0-2 ASTON VILLA
Another display of clinical finishing by Watkins puts Aston Villa 2-0 ahead at the interval, as listless Luton Town struggle to make many openings at Kenilworth Road. Villa's first came via a header from a set-piece, before Watkins beat both the hosts' offside trap and the assistant's flag to score a VAR-awarded second. Emery's men have had more of the ball and are in double figures for attempts, leaving the Hatters trailing in their wake and looking likely to suffer a fifth straight defeat - Villa have won 11 from 12 when leading at half-time in the Premier League this season.
In fact, Aston Villa have only ever lost two Premier League matches after leading by two or more goals at half-time, going on to taste victory 61 times and drawing three; however, one of those instances occurred earlier this season, against Manchester United. It's asking a lot for Luton to replicate the Red Devils' fantastic fightback on that occasion.
Villa kick off, and we are back under way!
Kabore raids forward and earns his side a free-kick high on the right flank; however, Barkley's delivery from the set-piece just beats the head of Burke in the centre and Aston Villa clear their lines.
Kaminski completes a routine stop in the centre of his goal, after Rogers releases Watkins on the left side of Luton's area and the England striker's tame effort rolls towards the target.
Kabore causes Villa more problems out wide, as Rogers is forced into a clumsy challenge that sees him shown a yellow card.
An outswinging corner from the left, taken by set-piece specialist Doughty, briefly causes some concern for the visitors' defence. It ultimately comes to nothing, but this is much better from Luton, who have started the second half brightly.
Having made his debut in midweek, Hashioka now comes on to replace Townsend. That could see Doughty shift forward, reverting to the wing-back position.
The Hatters are still enjoying their best spell of the match, and the home fans are responding with some raucous support. Cash is drawn into a challenge on Chong, conceding a free-kick around 20 yards from goal.
JUST OVER! Doughty's free-kick from the left is swung over towards Morris at the back post, but the striker's looping header only finds the top of the net. Luton are totally on top now - what a turnaround from their tepid first-half performance!
Another raking long ball by Douglas Luiz almost opens up Luton on the counter, but Bailey can't quite reach the ball despite his express pace. Of course, the hosts' pursuit of a way back into this game will leave them open to conceding again.
Rogers again tussles with Kabore, who duly goes down to the ground. It's just a free-kick for Luton, but the Villa substitute must be careful not to get drawn into more rash challenges - he's already been booked.
Clark slips through Ogbene on the right side of Aston Villa's area, but the latter's low cross is blocked away to relative safety. The Villans have been on the back foot since half-time; their two-goal lead remains intact, though.
Tielemans falters when in a good shooting position just outside the box, and Villa's first attack for some time ultimately comes to nothing. Soon after, Lenglet is forced to hack a low cross behind for a Luton corner.
LUTON PULL ONE BACK! Doughty's inswinging corner is almost met by Morris at the back post, but Burke instead deflects the ball towards Chong. The latter does not hesitate to fire in from close range, and that reduces the Hatters' deficit: it's just 2-1 to Aston Villa with more than 20 minutes remaining!
Popping up in a packed penalty area, Burke guides the ball to goalscorer Chong.
Having now scored for a 14th straight Premier League game, Luton Town have also attempted 23 crosses in this match so far - already higher than their season average of 22.2 in the top flight. They've certainly benefited from Doughty moving back into his favoured position on the left flank.
Emery cuts a concerned figure near the touchline, as his team are unable to push forward and halt Luton's tide of momentum. Perhaps a change of plan is needed?
LUTON LEVEL!!! It's 2-2 at Kenilworth Road! What a comeback from the Hatters! A typically precise delivery from Doughty's right-wing free-kick finds Morris, who then slots the ball into the bottom corner, sending the Luton fans wild with delight! That sets up a grandstand finale now!
Crossing brilliantly from a free-kick, set-piece specialist Doughty adds another assist to his record.
Morris has now contributed to goals in each of his last four home games in the Premier League - three of his own and one assist. What a valuable contribution that could be to Luton's fight for survival.
SAVE! An inspired Morris rises high above Cash to steer a header at goal, but it's directed straight at Martinez, who keeps it out! Villa stay level, but they are reeling now!
Ever the villain - as well as a Villan - Martinez draws boos for hanging on to the ball for longer than needed, as Aston Villa try to quell Luton's momentum. They've simply had no answer to the hosts' revival since half-time.
Maybe a little later than required, Emery makes some changes. The first of four substitutions sees Moreno replaced by Digne at left-back.
Tielemans makes way for Zaniolo.
A first-half substitute due to Ramsey's injury, Rogers is now replaced himself: Iroegbunam comes on.
Finally, Bailey is withdrawn and Diaby will replace him.
Luton continue to press for a late winner, as Martinez is required to cut out another Doughty set-piece delivery inside his six-yard box. Whatever the outcome today, ex-Villa player Edwards will surely be proud of his team's resilience.
The game is paused momentarily, as goalscorer Chong appears to have sustained an injury to his ankle. There's a brief lull while he's assessed by the medics.
Having netted Luton's first goal, Chong is now forced off by injury; long-serving Mpanzu replaces him.
Flagged for offside straight afterwards, Morris flashes a first-time shot across goal from the right side of Villa's area, with two colleagues arriving just too late to tap it in. The Hatters keep on creating chances.
Under pressure from the irrepressible Morris, Digne has to concede a corner when Doughty sends over a hanging cross from the left wing. Martinez then plucks the subsequent set-piece delivery out of the evening air without too much trouble.
VILLA SNATCH IT! Heartbreak for Luton! Villa finally gain some sustained possession in opposition territory, and their substitutes bail them out! Diaby delivers a cross from the right for fellow Frenchman Digne, who nods past Kaminski at the back post! How cruel for the Hatters, who have fought back so valiantly since half-time: it's 3-2 to Villa!
Making a major impact from off the bench, Diaby crosses for Digne to set up Aston Villa's third - and potentially winning - goal.
There will be at least five minutes of stoppage time - can Luton come back again and steal a late point?
After a delay, the referee finally produces a yellow card for Villa substitute Zaniolo.
Having clashed heads in an aerial challenge, potential match-winner Digne is down on the turf nursing an injury. That will see stoppage time extended, but at least he's able to return to his feet following treatment.
After Barkley's low shot is hacked hurriedly behind by Cash for a corner, Mengi heads well over the crossbar from the subsequent set-piece by Doughty. Is that Luton's last chance gone?
FULL-TIME: LUTON TOWN 2-3 ASTON VILLA
After letting a two-goal lead slip and then looking likely to concede a third, Aston Villa steal maximum points with a late winner at Kenilworth Road, leaving Luton Town empty-handed despite their superb second-half revival. The Villans were cruising thanks to Watkins' brace before the break, but their hosts fought back strongly, as Chong and Morris replied, following a barrage of crosses and set-piece deliveries from Luton's widemen. Finally, substitute Digne slipped free to head home Villa's third goal, which lifts them five points clear of Tottenham in the race for a top-four finish - albeit having played one game more. Meanwhile, the Hatters remain four points adrift of safety, ahead of next week's visit to fellow strugglers Crystal Palace. Having escaped with victory today, a big week lies ahead for Aston Villa, who visit Amsterdam for a Europa Conference League tie with Ajax before hosting Spurs three days later. That's all from our live Premier League coverage, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Manchester City and Manchester United at Etihad Stadium.
City have pushed United into darkness of the Manchester shadows, winning five of the last six Premier League titles in a remarkable dominant period for the blue side of the city. Pep Guardiola’s side trail Liverpool by four points at the Premier League summit, though would cut the gap to just one if they make it 19 games unbeaten with victory here. The reigning English and European champions were 6-2 victors over Luton Town in the FA Cup on Tuesday, while they beat Bournemouth 1-0 in their last league outing.
For all of City’s impressive returns in recent weeks, months and years, United have also lost just once in 2024. The Red Devils are still some 11 points behind fourth-placed Aston Villa in sixth, with their Champions League hopes dwindling with every game that goes by. Erik ten Hag’s side sneaked past Nottingham Forest in the FA Cup in midweek but were 2-1 losers to Fulham in their last top-flight clash at Old Trafford.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-2-3-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, John Stones, Ruben Dias, Nathan Ake; Rodri, Bernardo Silva; Phil Foden, Kevin De Bruyne, Jeremy Doku; Erling Haaland.
SUBSTITUTES: Stefan Ortega, Mateo Kovacic, Julian Alvarez, Sergio Gomez, Josko Gvardiol, Manuel Akanji, Matheus Nunes, Oscar Bobb, Rico Lewis.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-3-2-1): Andre Onana; Diogo Dalot, Raphael Varane, Jonny Evans, Victor Lindelof; Kobbie Mainoo, Casemiro, Scott McTominay; Bruno Fernandes, Alejandro Garnacho; Marcus Rashford.
SUBSTITUTES: Altay Bayindir, Sofyan Amrabat, Christian Eriksen, Amad Diallo, Antony, Willy Kambwala, Omari Forson, Toby Collyer, Habeeb Ogunneye.
Guardiola makes five changes from the resounding Luton win. Backup goalkeeper Ortega drops out for first-choice option Ederson, while Dias replaces Akanji. Kovacic and Nunes also move down to the bench, with Rodri and Foden returning in a change that shifts Silva back to holding midfield. Jack Grealish misses out through injury, with Doku taking his place alongside the in-form pairing of Haaland and De Bruyne. The fit-again Gvardiol also returns as a substitute.
Ten Hag opts for two alterations from the narrow win over Forest. Amrabat is dropped down to the substitutes for Evans, whose introduction will see Lindelof start as a makeshift left-back. Mainoo also comes in for the out-of-form Antony, with Fernandes and Garnacho operating in behind versatile forward Rashford.
City have won four of their last five Premier League meetings with United (L1), as many as their previous 13 beforehand (D3 L6). Will Guardiola’s side continue their resounding run here? We’re about to find out as kick-off approaches…
Referee Andy Madley gets this Manchester derby started!
Doku wins an early left-sided corner after Dalot deflects a throughball behind. De Bruyne goes short before playing towards the edge of the area, where Foden's drive is blocked over Onana's target.
De Bruyne crosses from the second corner in quick succession but United clear with ease at the front post. Owing to injuries, this is only the fourth time the Belgian midfielder and Haaland are starting a match together in the Premier League this season.
PENALTY APPEAL! De Bruyne disguises a wonderful pass into the United area for Stones, who goes down when Casemiro wraps a leg from behind to tackle. The referee waves play on and the VAR concurs with the original decision.
CLOSE! Stones plays out to the right for Foden, who glides inside and finds Doku on the opposite flank. The City winger goes down the line before his left-footed cross almost finds the top-left corner. Onana appears concerned for a moment before watching the effort sail over his crossbar.
De Bruyne overlaps Foden but his right-sided delivery is headed into the air by Evans before Onana pounces to collect. The City fans are already jeering and suggesting United are wasting time.
WHAT A GOAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL! UNITED STRIKE FIRST! Take a bow, Marcus Rashford. Onana launches long with a hoisted kick before Fernandes latches onto the loose ball outside the City area. The United captain offloads back to Rashford, who powers a fizzing right-footed strike from 25 yards out. Ederson scrambles across but the forward’s effort cannons off the crossbar and into the City goal! What a strike to send the Red Devils into a 1-0 lead, after the VAR checks and confirms the goal can stand for a potential Fernandes offside.
Fernandes takes the credit for the assist but all the praise belongs to Rashford. The United forward almost breaks the goal with a rocketed right-footed piledriver from all of 25 yards out.
What a statement from Rashford, who had come out this week and hit back at critics over his work ethic with boyhood club United. City were in full control but appear stunned in the early stages at the Etihad now.
Make no mistake, City are rattled. Dias spins, twists and turns on his own line and smashes out for a corner when Fernandes closes down. The United captain delivers the left-sided set-piece but Ederson punches away.
Only Wayne Rooney (eight) and Eric Cantona (seven) have scored more Premier goals for Man Utd versus Man City than Rashford (five). What a way to get this Manchester derby going, too!
Foden's first right-sided corner is flicked behind by a diving Fernandes. The England winger delivers a second set-piece but Fernandes is there, again, to head clear. De Bruyne then dances around Casemiro but fails to test the United defence.
SAVE! United cause their own problems as the visitors fail to deal with a throw-in. Silva sneaks in and sends Foden through on goal but the England midfielder's low right-footed strike is kicked behind by Onana. The resulting corner comes to nothing shortly after.
This is the eighth time that Man Utd have gone 1-0 up inside the opening 10 minutes of a Premier League meeting with rivals Manchester City. They have won each of the first seven such instances, but can they make it eight in a row?
Rashford! The United winger is sent racing through down the middle but makes a mess of his headed touch, with Walker speeding back to intervene. It does not go down as a shot on goal, or a missed chance, but what an opportunity for the visitors on the break.
FODEN HAS TO SCORE! United are caught playing a high line and De Bruyne rolls through for the unmarked Foden. The England winger has just Onana to beat in a one-on-one situation but slides his right-footed effort straight at Onana, who touches behind for a corner that comes to nothing.
City supporters are furious once again as Doku's cross appears to deflect off Dalot for a corner, but Onana is deemed to have kept the ball in play. The United goalkeeper has quietly gone about his business here and made an impressive start between the posts.
This is the 12th time Man City have fallen behind in a Premier League game this season; only in 2019-20 (13) have they done so more in a single campaign under Guardiola. That was the last campaign in which they did not win the title... a bad omen?
De Bruyne goes down the line again but, this time, it is Mainoo who slides to block behind for a corner, which comes to nothing once more. Guardiola's men must make more of these set-piece chances.
Half a chance! Fernandes clips over the top for McTominay but the ball floats over to Rashford, who gets his legs in a tangle and makes minimal contact with a right-footed volley. It is a breathless opening to this Manchester derby.
There are shouts for handball as Dalot blocks behind for yet another corner. City attempt to take it quickly but the VAR wants to take a quick look at this one... However, the decision is soon confirmed as no penalty!
Rodri sets his sights on Onana's goal from range but Varane deflects behind for, you guessed it, another corner. A seventh set-piece comes to nothing, as if that is a surprise to any inside the Etihad.
Foden has been involved in nine goals in his last 10 Premier League appearances for City, scoring five and assisting four. Overall he has 16 goal involvements this season (nine goals, seven assists), his joint-most in a single league campaign. The England international has squandered two great chances here, though.
Ten Hag has United set up to defend with patience. Lindelof has just conceded the first, after 25 or so minutes, free-kick of the game. City are being allowed to play football by the visitors but are yet to break their plucky resistance, led by the impressive Onana.
OVER! Rodri sprays out to Doku, who plays a one-two inside the United area with Silva before angling a woeful right-footed effort well over Onana's target. The City winger needs to deliver more quality for Guardiola on that flank.
Against no side has Man City striker Haaland scored more Premier League goals than his five against United. Indeed, only Sergio Aguero (eight) has scored more Manchester derby goals for the Citizens in the competition than Haaland, who has been surprisingly quiet so far.
HAALAND HAS TO HIT THE TARGET! Doku has another run at Dalot before his deflected attempt spins off the head of Casemiro. Haaland is completely unmarked inside the area, just past the penalty spot, but loops a wayward header well over without testing Onana.
WHAT A STOP! This is an aerial bombardment of the United area. De Bruyne whips a delicate delivery towards the near post, where Varane clears as far as Rodri. The Spain midfielder volleys towards the bottom-right corner with a first-time right-footed strike, but Onana sprawls across to tip away for a corner.
Opting to go alone this time, De Bruyne tries his luck from a tight angle but drags a left-footed drive well wide to Onana's left. The United goalkeeper takes his time before launching long to McTominay. This is almost a throwback to United's tactical plans when playing off the physicality of Marouane Fellaini.
De Bruyne remains City's chief creative threat. The Belgian touches inside from the right for Foden, whose left-footed half-volley is blocked before it can reach Onana. Ten Hag's side have rarely left their own defensive third, but still lead 1-0 at the Etihad.
For all of Ten Hag's critics, the United manager has his side well-drilled and set up to defend against City's constant pressure. The Red Devils played in a similar fashion away at Liverpool, which ended in a goalless Anfield draw, and look comfortable for large parts in doing so here.
Half-time is rapidly approaching on the blue side of Manchester, where it is the Red Devils making all the noise. United, inadvertently, are furthering Liverpool's title hopes with the 1-0 scoreline as it stands. Can Guardiola get a much-needed reaction from the hosts?
Rodri angles a delicate diagonal for Walker, who heads back towards the edge of the area. Casemiro fails to get the required touch to clear but De Bruyne can only rifle a horrible, wayward right-footed drive into the stand behind Onana's goal.
Mainoo (18 years and 319 days) is the third 18-year-old Englishman to start for United against City in the Premier League, after Phil Neville and Rashford. The youthful midfielder has just gone down holding his head after blocking a full-blooded Foden drive.
WHAT A MISS! Never would any City supporter expect this one. Doku touches inside for Rodri, who clips towards the back post for Foden. The England winger puts it on a plate for Haaland, who somehow hooks over from point-blank range with a left-footed tap-in. All of the Etihad was ready to celebrate but, somehow, the Norway talisman misses when it was easier to score with the simplest of volleyed finishes.
There are three minutes to end this half, with United still leading 1-0. Haaland's unexplainable miss ranks as a chance that is scored 0.89 times, according to Opta's expected goal model. How can the City striker atone for that error?
Pass, pass, pass. City are in full control but cannot find a way through as Walker's blasting drive is deflected behind for a corner. De Bruyne delivers once more but Onana rises the highest to clear. That will be half-time at the Etihad.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 0-1 MANCHESTER UNITED
Against all the odds, United head into half-time leading City 1-0 at the Etihad. Rashford, who offered an outspoken defence of his work rate for his boyhood club this week, silenced the home crowd after just eight minutes with a roaring 25-yard piledriver past Ederson. Guardiola's side, as expected, came back even stronger but remain behind after Haaland produced one of the misses of the season just before the break.
A penny for Guardiola's thoughts? City have accumulated 2.73 expected goals (xG), with Haaland's inexplicable miss on the stroke of half-time accounting for 0.89 xG alone, and had just under 75 per cent possession. Yet the defending English champions are a goal down heading into the second period, where Ten Hag will be praying United can hold on with another – even if somewhat unconvincing – defensive performance at their noisy, dominant neighbours.
Strap in once more as the second half of this Manchester derby gets under way! United are unbeaten in their last 143 Premier League matches when leading at half-time (W123, D20) dating back to September 2014 against Leicester City, but can they hold on here?
It is not all bad news, just yet, for Guardiola’s hosts. City have only lost two of the last 14 Premier League matches in which they've been behind at half-time (W8 D4), with their only two defeats in this scenario both coming away from home.
McTominay has a chance to cross for Rashford but Dias recovers to intervene. De Bruyne then leads the counter-attacking charge but Foden sees his left-footed effort blocked.
There is a quick VAR check as Haaland goes down under pressure from Varane, although the decision remains as no penalty. Doku went close just moments after but Onana did well to stretch and tip away, keeping the rebound chance away from the waiting Foden.
Rashford bundles into a corridor of no return as Walker and Foden ease the United winger out the way. The Red Devils are seeing a bit more of the ball in the opening stages of this second half, though.
City have scored in each of their last 54 home games in all competitions. A goal here would equal their club record of scoring in 55 consecutive home games between January 2012 and January 2014. Can the hosts respond?
Referee Madley deems Walker to have not fouled Rashford, who was almost clean through after McTominay's pass. The United winger did not need to go down there, and would have been in to test Ederson if he stayed on his feet.
GOOOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLL! CITY EQUALISE! Each of the boyhood stars for their respective clubs have contributed in roaring fashion in this Manchester derby now. Having seen a Rashford piledriver in the first half, Foden receives a short pass from Rodri before cutting inside from the left. The England winger makes it towards the edge of the area before arrowing a left-footed drive into the top-left corner. Onana has no chance and it is 1-1 at the Etihad!
Rodri, like Fernandes in the first half, gets the assist with a simple offload. Foden does the rest with a dazzling rifled finish that almost bursts through Onana's net.
Ten Hag is cautioned for his furious reaction on the touchline. The United manager is still seething with an earlier tackle on Rashford from Walker before City went down the other end and equalised through Foden's screamer.
There is a temporary pause at the Etihad as a blue flare is on the floor at the feet of Onana inside the United area. The City supporters are seemingly taking their celebrations too far.
Having watched on as Foden dragged City level, Guardiola makes his first change. Doku is replaced by Alvarez.
This next half-hour could decide the result of the Premier League title, or at least have a seismic influence. City cannot afford to drop points in their pursuit of Liverpool. On the pitch, De Bruyne hangs a cross towards Dias but Onana punches behind for a corner.
Foden has 17 goals in all competitions for Man City this season, his most ever in a single campaign, surpassing the 16 he netted in 2020-21. Only against Brighton (six) has Foden scored more Premier League goals than he has against Man Utd (five).
Only Sergio Aguero (eight) has more Manchester derby goals in the competition for Man City than Foden (five), who has dragged his side back into this contest. The pressure is mounting at the Etihad now, can United hold on?
Foden cuts inside from the right flank once more before finding Silva, whose header back across goal is just too high for Haaland to convert. It could be a long 30 or so minutes for the visitors, who may be concerned as Onana goes down with his hands in the air after seemingly struggling with cramp.
Referee Madley shrugs his shoulders and invites the United medical team on to check Onana's injury. The United goalkeeper seems to be signalling an issue with his thigh but, for all those inside the Etihad, it appears it may be for time-wasting purposes rather than a genuine issue.
Among Premier League players across all competitions this season, only Haaland (22) and Ollie Watkins (21) have scored more non-penalty goals than Foden (17). Can either of that City pair find another goal here to down United?
Varane is cautioned by referee Madley after hacking Haaland down after the City striker burst towards goal from the edge of the area.
Youth comes on for experience as veteran centre-back Evans makes way for 19-year-old Kambwala, who is introduced into a cauldron of Etihad noise in this Manchester derby.
De Bruyne and Silva hover over the free-kick, just outside the United area after Varane's foul on Haaland. The Belgium midfielder is the man to take it but fires a right-footed effort straight into the visitors' wall of red shirts.
STRIKE! City remain patient outside the United box before Walker takes matters into his own hands, smashing a fizzing right-footed drive from range. Fortunately for Ten Hag's side, the effort is straight down Onana's throat and the goalkeeper catches with ease to take the sting out of the shot.
Kambwala's introduction has seen Dalot switch to left-back, Lindelof move inside and the young substitute cover at right-back. Ten Hag is having to work with makeshift options, missing the likes of Harry Maguire, Luke Shaw, Lisandro Martinez and Aaron Wan-Bissaka.
Foden's goal was City's 600th at the Etihad under manager Guardiola (across all competitions). Can the hosts find that all-important 601st to finish United off?
Rashford, who opened the scoring with a remarkable finish after just eight minutes, comes off for the out-of-form Antony. Ten Hag puts his trust in the former Ajax winger for the final stages.
A counter-attacking chance arises but Fernandes finds Antony offside with a short pass down the inside left-hand channel. City are in a hurry to take the free-kick, chasing a late winner against their fierce rivals.
Kambwala has two hands on the back of Foden but the referee waves claims for a free-kick away, before giving United the decision for a foul on McTominay. It seems like United got away with one there.
UNITED WANT A PENALTY! Flowing football from the visitors sees Mainoo prod through for Garnacho, who goes down after a thunderous sliding challenge from Ederson. The away side race around referee Madley and claim for a spot-kick but the official points for a goal-kick. The VAR then concurs with the original decision: no penalty!
GOOOOOOOOOALLLLLLLLLL! CITY TAKE THE LEAD! Big players, big moments. Foden seizes the initiative and sends the Premier League champions into a 2-1 lead with 10 minutes remaining. The England international receives possession from De Bruyne on the left, playing a one-two with Alvarez and breaking into the United box. Foden then drills a low left-footed effort towards the bottom-right corner, where Onana gets a hand on the strike but fails to keep it out! What a moment for the City academy product!
Alvarez pulls wide away from Kambwala, exchanging a quick give-and-go before Foden smashes through the defences of Onana.
Ten Hag has to roll the dice once more. Garnacho makes way for young attacker Forson.
Teenage midfielder Mainoo, who has impressed on his first Manchester derby start at the Etihad, also comes off for Amrabat.
United are the only team that Foden has scored 2+ goals against on multiple occasions in the Premier League (two). The City midfielder loves the Manchester derby!
De Bruyne and Haaland have been awfully quiet for the hosts, but Foden makes the step up to deliver in the biggest moments for Guardiola. Gareth Southgate may want to build the England team around him for Euro 2024 but City will hope their boyhood supporter can power them to another Premier League title before that.
Having taken the lead with just 10 minutes remaining, City have barely allowed United a touch on the ball. Ten Hag's side are chasing shadows as they slowly trudge towards a gut-wrenching derby defeat.
De Bruyne runs at Kambwala before his driven cross is cleared behind by Varane. The Belgium midfielder delivers the resulting set-piece, in front of the celebrating City supporters, before Onana unconvincingly punches behind when under pressure from Ake and Haaland.
Silva whips the second corner in quick succession but Haaland fails to win the first contact at the far post. Dalot looks to clear but De Bruyne is soon on the scene, refusing to allow United any chance to escape their own third.
Much to the confusion of the home supporters, there will be EIGHT additional minutes to end this Manchester derby. Can Ten Hag's men grab an unlikely equaliser to dent City's title hopes?
WIDE! City have a lead to protect but De Bruyne fancies extending their advantage. The Belgium international cuts inside from the left-hand side before arrowing a right-footed drive just wide of the top-right corner.
GOOOOOOOOALLLLLLL! GAME OVER! City make it 3-1 and that is the Manchester derby wrapped up. All may be forgiven for his inexplicable first-half miss as Rodri dispossesses Amrabat before rolling through for Haaland towards the right of goal. The Norway talisman takes a touch to set himself before slotting a left-footed finish into the bottom-left corner. Onana stretches but is never keeping that one out, with Guardiola’s men sealing derby-day bragging rights in style!
Rodri claims his second assist of the game after profiting from Amrabat's mistake and sending Haaland through to beat Onana.
Rodri has provided two assists for City here, making it the first time in his Premier League career that he has provided multiple assists in a single top-flight match.
Against no side has Man City striker Haaland scored more Premier League goals than his six against United. Indeed, only Sergio Aguero (eight) has scored more Manchester derby goals for the Citizens in the competition than Haaland.
Ederson teases Fernandes by taking his time to pick up a loose ball. The United captain does not take the bait, instead trudging back as the City supporters celebrate vociferously in the Etihad stands.
The home crowd are cheering every pass, further infuriating the visitors over in the far corner. Seemingly taking out the United frustration, Foden is hacked down in the middle by Casemiro.
Derby-day hero Foden, the man of the hour for City, comes off to rapturous applause from all of a blue persuasion inside the Etihad. Bobb gets the briefest of cameos to end this game.
The United end is rapidly emptying as the visitors suffer more derby misery. The Red Devils are set for a third straight Premier League defeat at the Etihad, last having a longer run of successive away league defeats to rivals City from August 1952 to September 1955 (four in a row).
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 3-1 MANCHESTER UNITED
In the end, it is business as usual as City claim Manchester bragging rights with a 3-1 victory over United at the Etihad. This historic Premier League derby was turned on its head after just eight minutes, though, as Rashford – who hit back at critics over his work rate in midweek – crashed in a rocketed opener off the underside of Ederson’s bar. Guardiola’s hosts came roaring back but remained behind at the break, with Haaland producing one of the misses of the season on the stroke of half-time when lofting over Onana’s target from point-blank rage. Yet that Red Devils resistance would not last forever, with Foden arrowing a fine equaliser in similar fashion to Rashford’s opener, before doubling his account in the 80th minute to put the hosts ahead. There was still time for Haaland’s redemption, too, with the Norway talisman sealing all three points and keeping the reigning champions just a point behind the league-leading Liverpool. City visit Liverpool at Anfield next Sunday after a midweek Champions League last-16 second-leg clash with Copenhagen, while United – who stay sixth and 11 points behind fourth-placed Aston Villa – host Everton the day before. That is all from this entertaining Manchester derby, until next time. It is goodbye for now!
Hello and welcome to our LIVE commentary of the Premier League fixture between Newcastle United and Wolves!
Winless in their last two Premier League fixtures, Newcastle United welcome Wolves to St. James’ Park in search of their first home victory of 2024. Buoyed by their midweek penalty shoot-out victory over Blackburn in the FA Cup, Eddie Howe’s side can jump their opponents today with a victory and could finish the weekend as high as seventh if other results around the league go their way.
In-form Wolves look to extend their winning run in the league to three-consecutive games, beating both Tottenham and Sheffield United on back-to-back weekends. Ninth in the table - a point behind Brighton in seventh - Gary O’Neil’s team are sixth in the form table since the turn of the year with only the current top three as well as Manchester United and Aston Villa amassing more points in that period.
With 15 minutes to go before kick-off, let’s take a look at how the two sides are lining up - starting with our hosts!
NEWCASTLE XI (4-3-3): Martin Dubravka; Dan Burn, Sven Botman, Fabian Schar, Kieran Trippier; Sean Longstaff, Bruno Guimaraes, Joe Willock; Anthony Gordon, Alexander Isak, Jacob Murphy.
NEWCASTLE SUBS: Miguel Almiron, Harvey Barnes, Elliot Anderson, Valentino Livramento, Lewis Hall, Jamaal Lascelles, Lewis Miley, Loris Karius, Emil Krafth.
WOLVES XI (3-4-2-1): Jose Sa; Maximilian Kilman, Craig Dawson, Toti Gomes; Nelson Semedo, Mario Lemina, Tommy Doyle, Rayan Ait Nouri; Pablo Sarabia, Jean-Ricner Bellegarde; Pedro Neto.
WOLVES SUBS: Santiago Bueno, Boubacar Toure, Hugo Bueno, Tawanda Chirewa, Daniel Bentley, Nathan Fraser, Matt Doherty, Noha Lemina, Wesley Okoduwa.
Newcastle make four alterations to the XI that lost 4-1 to Arsenal seven days ago. Dubravka has returned to fitness and replaces Karius between the posts, while Burn is preferred to Livramento at right-back. Miley is given a rest as Willock takes over in central midfield and on the right wing, Murphy is picked ahead of Almiron.
Wolves make two changes to the side that beat Sheffield United 1-0 on Sunday, as Doyle replaces the uninvolved Joao Gomes in midfield, and Bellegarde gets his eighth start of the campaign at striker, with Hwang Hee-Chan not featuring due to a hamstring injury.
Newcastle get the match underway from the kick-off!
Gordon cuts inside from the left after receiving a pass from Willock and teases a cross to the far post for Murphy, who is beaten in the air by a leaping Ait Nouri.
Neto goes on a brilliantly incisive run through the heart of Newcastle’s midfield, drawing as many as three defenders towards him as he breaks into the penalty area. With only Dubravka to beat, the forward is unable to get the ball out from underneath his feet, allowing Schar to put in a last-ditch sliding challenge that wins possession back for the hosts.
Sarabia receives the ball on the turn just outside the penalty area before stepping past Schar and dispatching a left-footed shot that takes a deflection on its way behind for a corner.
The skies have opened up above St. James’ Park, with sheets of rain steadily flowing down onto the pitch. The goalkeepers will have to be assured in their handling of the ball in the conditions, while the slippery surface could lead to a more chaotic game for the outfield players.
Gordon looks for a one-two pass with Isak on the edge of the 18-yard box, but the striker’s return isn’t as accurate as it needed to be, with Semedo able to step forward and put it out for a throw-in.
Ait Nouri spots the run of Bellegarde off the shoulder of Trippier and looks to play his team-mate in behind the opposition defence but the striker is unable to hold his run, failing to control the initial pass and prompting the referee to blow his whistle for offside.
Semedo drives to the byline and chips a cross in towards the far post but Bellegarde is beaten in the air by Trippier, who temporarily clears the danger.
NEWCASTLE TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! It’s a slightly fortuitous goal but the home supporters won’t care - with Isak giving Newcastle an early advantage! Gordon gets forward on a counter-attack after a long period of possession for Wolves, slipping the ball through for Guimaraes on the overlapping run. The midfielder hits his shot from close range which is deflected by Dawson, right into the path of Isak, who nods it home!
Neto scampers to the byline and looks to pick Bellegarde out with a centring pass towards the penalty spot but Botman is there to whack the ball back into Wolves’ half.
It’s the first time in over three matches that Wolves find themselves behind in a Premier League fixture - since a 2-0 loss to Brentford on February 2. O’Neil’s side will have to show determination and character to pull themselves back level away from home - without the injured Hwang - who has 10 goals this year.
Gordon takes up a position wide on the left flank, giving Burn space to run into through the middle of the park. The winger picks out his team-mate with an incisive pass, allowing the full-back to take a touch to set himself before dragging his shot well wide of the far post from 20 yards out.
JUST OVER! Sarabia’s inswinging corner finds the head of Dawson, who prods the ball on to Bellegarde. Knowing nothing of the delivery, the forward gets a touch to the flick-on, doing just enough to put it into Mario Lemina’s path. Rising higher than his marker, the midfielder makes great contact with the ball but puts his chance just high of the crossbar!
Bellegarde’s foul on Guimaraes gives Newcastle a free-kick in a dangerous, central position 25 yards from goal. Trippier is tasked with taking the set-piece but he sends his strike directly into the wall, which does its job and puts the ball for a throw.
Toti launches a pass deep into Newcastle’s half for Neto but the diminutive forward is always less likely to win an aerial duel against the imposing Burn, who wins the battle and puts it out of play to give the rest of his team time to retreat.
Neto plays a corner short to Sarabia, whose delivery towards the penalty spot from a deep position on the right wing is easily beaten away by Longstaff.
Murphy cuts inside from the left and curls a tame shot towards goal that’s easily caught by Sa.
Dawson plays a risky pass through the middle of the pitch from inside his own penalty area but Neto is upended by Willock, giving Wolves a chance to regroup at a position higher up the field.
NEWCASTLE STRIKE AGAIN! 2-0! Murphy gets free down the right wing and shapes his body to curl a low cross in towards the penalty spot for Isak. Sa comes rushing off his line to beat the forward to the delivery but a collision leaves the ball unclaimed just outside the six-yard box, with Gordon coming across to tap his finish into the empty net to double the advantage!
Trippier and Gordon work a short-corner routine that gets Murphy into a pocket of space 30 yards from goal but the winger’s strike from distance flies harmlessly over Sa’s crossbar.
The 17 previous Premier League meetings between Newcastle and Wolves have seen both sides score 16 times, with the only clean sheet in this fixture in the competition coming via the Magpies’ 1-0 win in April 2022.
The ball is popped over the top of the defence for Neto, who steps towards the byline before chipping the ball across the face of goal to the far post for Bellegarde. The forward gets in behind Burn and makes contact with his header but he sends it up and over the crossbar before an offside call in the build-up gives Newcastle a chance to clear their lines.
Neto looks to cut inside and dispatch a shot but the Newcastle defence is well aware of the forward’s intentions, with both Burn and Botman combining to close down the space before forcing an errant pass across the pitch for Doyle, which is intercepted by Murphy.
Semedo gets the better of Gordon this time, squeezing himself between the player and the ball before winning a free-kick right beside his own corner-flag.
The fourth official indicates three minutes will be added to the end of the half for stoppages.
Neto looks to be limping significantly after an aerial duel with Schar, in which the defender unwittingly ran his studs down the leg of the winger. It’s a painful one, but down two goals, his coach will be hoping he’ll be able to continue.
HALF-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 2-0 WOLVES.
A wet and windy first half at St. James’ Park comes to a close with Newcastle ahead by two goals to nil, thanks to opportunistic finishes from Isak and Gordon 19 minutes apart. Wolves started the match with intent, with Sarabia and Neto looking to pull the strings for the visitors, but the resolute pairing of Schar and Botman were able to keep everything in front of them and ward off the early pressure. Despite seeing much less possession in the first period (37 per cent), Howe’s team were extremely clinical with their chances, with two counter-attacks leading to close-range finishes for Isak and Gordon that gave Sa absolutely no chance. Despite looking impressive on the ball, the visitors were unable to test Dubravka in the opening 45 minutes, with their few half-chances flying either wide or high of the crossbar.
Despite the need to pull two goals back, O’Neil doesn’t have many options to call upon from his bench - with the injury to Hwang severely limiting his attacking choices. 20-year old Chirewa could provide a pacey option on the wing in place of Bellegarde, while a change at wing-back and the introduction of Hugo Bueno could help the visitors get higher up the pitch as legs tire in the second half. Newcastle will be looking to keep play in front of them and preserve the win and clean sheet, with the experience of Lascelles and the counter-attacking prowess of Almiron likely to be called upon by Howe after the restart.
Substitute goalkeeper Bentley is called upon to play in the second half, with Sa apparently unable to continue between the posts after half-time.
Neto does not return to the pitch after the interval either, with Fraser taking his place in attack.
Wolves get the match restarted from the kick-off!
The next goal will be key in this match, as it could either spark Wolves into a potential comeback, or seal the game for Newcastle, who would be three ahead. Now without Neto either, it’s looking like a difficult task for the visitors to once again make it a contest; though it would be the perfect time for Fraser to find his first Premier League goal.
Worrying signs for Newcastle, as Trippier has immediately gone down after a tussle with Ait Nouri, signalling to the coach he is in need of treatment. The medical staff has come onto the pitch to have a look at the captain, while Howe sparks his bench into life.
Trippier has limped off and remains deep in conversation with a member of the Newcastle medical staff. It first appeared as though the England international would be able to retake his place, but that won’t be the case as Livramento comes on in his stead.
Play restarts through a Dubravka goal-kick, with Trippier heading directly into the tunnel towards the medical room at St. James’ Park, and Burn the new Newcastle captain.
Sarabia is averaging a goal involvement every 122 minutes in the Premier League this season (three goals, six assists in 1096 minutes). Of all players to play 500 or more minutes in a single campaign for Wolves, only Steven Fletcher has a better average across a campaign (one every 116 minutes in 2010-11).
OFF THE LINE! Gordon picks up possession inside the penalty area and spots the overlapping run of Burn, playing a lovely backheel layoff into the path of the right-back. He chips a cross towards the penalty spot for the diving Willock, whose headed effort is cleared off the line by Toti!
Guimaraes’s outswinging corner finds the head of Burn, who fails to hit the target with his headed effort.
A change in defence for Wolves sees Toti make way after his key goal-line clearance. Hugo Bueno is selected to replace him.
Semedo mistimes his step and brings Gordon down ahead of the technical areas. It’s a free-kick for Newcastle near the halfway line, which they use to play backwards into defence.
Kilman sends a cross into the penalty area looking for the leap of Mario Lemina but it proves an easy catch for Dubravka, on the edge of his six-yard box.
Bellegarde leans back and curls a strike towards goal that fails to dip as it sails high above the crossbar. The forward claims a corner-kick as he heads over towards the flag but the referee spots it correctly, pointing to the 18-yard box for a goal-kick.
Murphy stands a cross up towards the penalty spot that Kilman somehow manages to miss despite his leap, but Dawson is quick to follow up and volley the danger away despite the lurking Isak.
GREAT STOP! Bellegarde picks out a lovely cross to the far post for Sarabia, who meets it with a side-footed volley from an acute angle. Already heading down to the turf, Dubravka somehow manages to keep himself upright and parry it behind!
Isak goes off having put his side ahead after just 14 minutes, with Barnes given a chance to stretch his legs.
Almiron has 20 minutes to impress as he takes over on the right wing for Murphy.
Willock is also recalled to the bench in a triple substitution for Newcastle. Miley enters the fray.
Schar hoists a lovely ball over the top of the defence from inside his own half for Miley, who is beaten to the pass at the edge of the 18-yard box by Bentley, who came a long way off his line to make the grab.
DUBRAVKA TO THE RESCUE! Semedo curls an inch-perfect cross into the penalty area for Bellegarde, whose header towards the corner is pounced upon by the goalkeeper, who somehow manages to make a clean, two-handed grab and prevent a rebound!
Newcastle have conceded 23 goals in their last eight Premier League games, as many as they had in their previous 20. Indeed, only Brentford (24) have shipped more goals than the Magpies in the competition since Christmas.
Guimaraes’ inswinging corner from the left finds Burn at the near post, whose flick-on causes a scramble inside the six-yard box. Unable to turn it home, Dawson manages to eventually hit it clear and force Newcastle to come forward again from the back.
Quick thinking from Bentley prevents a third Newcastle goal, with Guimaraes’ pass over the top finding the run of Almiron. After taking a touch to set himself, the substitute winger fails to get a shot away from an acute angle, with the goalkeeper immediately coming forward to close down the space.
20-year old Chirewa gets an appearance on the left wing, as Bellegarde is given an early rest.
Mario Lemina makes way with under 10 minutes to go, as O'Neil continues to roll the dice by sending on Traore.
Barnes looks to get forward down the left wing and challenge the defender, but thinking twice, the substitute turns around and plays a simple pass back down the wing for Miley. With sights set on the three points and the clean sheet, it’s a prudent decision.
Ait Nouri is first called for a foul on Livramento on the touchline, before venting his frustration in the direction of the referee. It’s a yellow card for the Wolves wing-back; the first booking of the match.
Sarabia’s volley across the face of goal is whacked away by Schar, but only as far as Kilman, 20 yards from goal. The Wolves captain looks for the spectacular finish and strikes the ball with his left foot before it can bounce, but he sends his well-timed hit high and wide of the target.
Newcastle have lost just one of their eight Premier League home games against Wolves (four wins and three draws), a 1-2 defeat in December 2018 under Rafa Benitez.
The fourth official indicates five minutes will be added to the end of the match for stoppages.
LIVRAMENTO MAKES IT THREE! 3-0! A first Newcastle goal for the full-back adds the cherry on top of an otherwise perfect day, latching onto Schar’s long-range pass in acres of space on the wing before dribbling through the entire Wolves defence and somehow scuffing an unwitting shot past the oncoming Bentley!
Livramento still had a lot of work to do to find the back of the net, but Schar's phenomenal pass to find him in space is a worthy assist on Newcastle's third goal of the day.
Anderson gets two minutes to play in injury time, with Gordon not risked any further with the result secured.
FULL-TIME: NEWCASTLE 3-0 WOLVES.
Newcastle take all three points with a superb three-goal showing at St. James’ Park, beating Wolves comprehensively 3-0. Isak put the hosts ahead with an opportunistic header following Guimaraes’ blocked shot 14 minutes in, and Gordon would double their advantage 19 minutes later with a tap-in finish after Sa failed to claim the ball despite coming off his line. Without many senior attacking options on the bench and forced into two changes at the half - including one to his goalkeeper - O’Neil was unable to change the game in the second half, which allowed the Magpies to grow in confidence and possession. Howe’s side looked to control the remainder of the game and secure the clean sheet by forcing their opponents to chase, but Livramento’s incredible, mazey goal would add an unexpected third in injury time and seal the result. A first Premier League defeat since February 10 sees Wolves drop into 10th place ahead of a meeting with Fulham next Sunday, while seventh-placed Newcastle travel to play Chelsea in nine days. That concludes our commentary of the Premier League fixture between Newcastle United and Wolves- we hope you’ve enjoyed it!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Nottingham Forest and Liverpool at the City Ground!
Forest start the day sitting just four points above the relegation zone, and they'll be desperate to put some more space between them and the drop. They've won just two of their 11 games since the start of 2024 (D4 L5), with only one of those victories coming in the league, though that was in their last home match against 10-man West Ham (2-0). The Tricky Trees come into today on the back of their FA Cup fifth-round exit after conceding a late goal to lose 1-0 to Manchester United. They can be buoyed by their record against Liverpool though, having never lost a Premier League home match against the Reds (W3 D3).
With Manchester City and Arsenal not playing today, Liverpool can move four points clear at the top of the league ahead of their games. They've lost just one of their last 17 games in all competitions (W13 D3), though that did come away from home against the Gunners in the Premier League. The Reds are on a five-match winning run though, following up their EFL Cup victory over Chelsea last weekend with a 3-0 win over Southampton to progress in the FA Cup on Wednesday.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Matz Sels; Neco Williams, Andrew Omobamidele, Murillo, Harry Toffolo; Nicolas Dominguez, Ryan Yates; Anthony Elanga, Morgan Gibbs-White, Callum Hudson-Odoi; Divock Origi.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Cheikhou Kouyate, Danilo, Joe Gardner, Rodrigo Ribeiro, Felipe, Moussa Niakhate, Taiwo Awoniyi, Ibrahim Sangare, Matt Turner.
LIVERPOOL STARTING XI (4-3-3): Caoimhin Kelleher; Conor Bradley, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil van Dijk, Andy Robertson; Alexis Mac Allister, Joe Gomez, Bobby Clark; Harvey Elliott, Cody Gakpo, Luis Diaz.
LIVERPOOL SUBS: James McConnell, Adrian, Jayden Danns, Wataru Endo, Lewis Koumas, Kostas Tsimikas, Dominik Szoboszlai, Jarell Quansah, Darwin Nunez.
Nuno Espirito Santo makes four changes to the side that started the late defeat against Manchester United on Wednesday. Sels starts in goal, with Omobamidele, Dominguez and Hudson-Odoi also being brought in. Turner, Felipe, Danilo and Awoniyi drop to the bench.
Jurgen Klopp makes four changes from their win over Southampton last time out. Robertson returns from illness, with Konate, Mac Allister and Diaz also coming in to start. Quansah, Tsimikas, McConnell and Koumas start on the bench. The Reds are also boosted by the returns of Endo, Szoboszlai and Nunez from injury, and they're also among the substitutes.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Yates gets the game under way for Forest!
Forest win an early corner here and Gibbs-White curls an inviting cross into the middle. It's cleared as far as Williams by Konate, but he can't pick out a team-mate when he heads it back into the box.
Liverpool are looking to their left to make something happen in the opening stages here, and Robertson has acres of space. He curls a cross towards Gakpo's run at the far post, but it's just too high for the Dutchman.
Clark knocks it through Yates' legs only to be blocked off by the Forest midfielder. Van Dijk and Konate are hovering off the back of Toffolo, but Robertson's free-kick is too short for them, and Murillo gets it away.
Elanga races away on a quick break down the left, but when he tries to slide it through to Origi, it's smothered by Konate. Gibbs-White chases it down when it's knocked back to Kelleher, but the keeper clears his lines in time.
After their 3-0 win at Anfield in October, Liverpool are looking to complete their first league double over Forest since 1984-85 under Joe Fagan.
The hosts win a free-kick on the left, and Gibbs-White tries to be clever by curling it to the front of the crowd and into Yates' path. He's just caught on his heels slightly, and Kelleher rushes off his line to collect it.
Konate and Dominguez only have eyes for the ball, and the former rises high to clear it but crashes into the Argentinian in the process. He stays down holding his face, but gets back up without needing treatment.
WIDE! Dominguez sweeps it out to the right for Origi, and he brushes aside Robertson and Gomez as he cuts inside from the wing. He takes his shot from just outside the D, firing it towards the near post, but it flies just wide.
CLOSE! Robertson makes a driving run down the left before pulling it back to Diaz on the edge of the box. He aims his shot across goal, but Omobamidele sticks out a leg to block it, and his deflection is just wide of the near post.
Liverpool are starting to up the pressure here, with Robertson still being given a lot of space down the left. He curls an inviting cross into the six-yard box, and it looks like Sels has it covered, but Murillo hooks it clear just in front of him.
Dominguez fires a ball through midfield looking for Origi, who is hovering between the centre-backs. Van Dijk has it covered though, and Liverpool are back in possession.
GREAT SAVE! Forest smother Liverpool's latest attack before they surge forward on the counter. Elanga gets in between Van Dijk and Konate to get into the box, but Kelleher rushes out and sticks out a leg to keep out his low strike.
CHANCE! It's Clark who cuts inside from the left this time, and a pocket of space just opens up for him. He whips a shot towards the far top corner, but it's just too high as it flies over.
BLOCK! Bradley plays a good one-two with Elliott to get away down the right before he pulls it back into the box, but it's behind Diaz. Clark reacts quickest to reach it but scuffs his shot to the Colombian. He pokes it on goal from close range, but Murillo throws himself in front of it to send it behind.
Hudson-Odoi does well against Bradley as he pushes forward down the left, and he has bodies to aim for in the middle when he gets away from the youngster. Van Dijk gets to it first though, and calmly nods it back to Kelleher.
Diaz is starting to cause Forest some real problems as he drifts out to the right this time. He fizzes a low ball across the face of goal on the half-turn, but none of his team-mates are there to get what would've been a tap-in.
Gomez has had a couple of late fouls in the last couple of minutes, with his latest bringing Gibbs-White down as the midfielder swept it out to Hudson-Odoi. The referee pulls it back for a free-kick, but Forest can't do anything with it.
Gibbs-White's throughball is straight against Gomez, but Murillo gets across to tidy up before he can counter. The defender goes long for Elanga, but shows too much of it to Kelleher, giving the winger no chance.
Yates slides in with a well-timed tackle on Mac Allister, and Dominguez tries to catch Liverpool out with an early throughball in behind. Elanga was standing offside though, and as soon as he starts to chase it, the flag goes up.
Liverpool are still dominating possession here, with 73 per cent of the ball so far. They're slowing things down at the moment though and knocking it around in their own half.
Bradley floats a lovely ball over the top for Gakpo to latch onto, and instead of going for goal, he tries to cushion it back to Elliott on the edge of the box. He can't get close to it though, and Omobamidele comfortably clears.
Toffolo manages to cut out Bradley's attack this time, and his first thought is to play it down the line for Elanga. He's tracked all the way by Mac Allister though, and can only win a throw-in.
Origi wriggles out of a tight spot on the left and manages to poke it through to Dominguez on the left of the box. He can't get hold of his shot properly, and his tame effort rolls wide of the far post.
HALF-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 0-0 LIVERPOOL.
It's goalless at the break between Forest and Liverpool. The Reds dominated in the first half and got into some good positions, but despite all of that, they never managed a shot on target. Diaz saw two great chances blocked, while Clark whipped a shot just over the bar, but otherwise, it's been a fairly quiet game for Sels. At the other end, former Liverpool man, Origi, fired an effort wide of the near post 15 minutes in before Kelleher made a huge save with his foot to deny Elanga after a quick break.
Klopp didn't look too happy on the sidelines, and given that his side have struggled at times in the final third, it's no surprise. All season, Liverpool have improved in the second half, and their manager will be urging them for more here as well. Forest may not have created much, but they had the best chance of the game. They're always a threat on the counter, but they need to take those chances when they come.
Liverpool get us back under way for the second half!
It's an open start to the first half, with Dominguez seeing a shot blocked at one end before Liverpool move it quickly the other way. Diaz clips it to the far post for Clark, but he has it taken off his toe by Murillo.
CHANCE! Diaz can't make contact for a shot, but he manages to scuff it out to the left of the box, where Robertson is making a late run. He puts his laces through the half-volley, hitting it across goal, but a deft touch from Omobamidele takes it wide.
After a bright start by Forest, Liverpool are starting to regain their foothold here. They're moving it upfield quickly, but Forest are standing their ground whenever the Reds get it into the box at the moment.
Bradley and Elliott link up well down the right, but Toffolo makes a good block to stop the latter's cross from going into the box. Clark tries to recycle it, but he's shepherded out of play by Murillo.
Forest are sitting very deep in their own half, so even when they do win the ball back, there's no way out for them. Yates sends a hopeful long ball forward, but Elanga can't get anywhere near it, so Liverpool start again.
Liverpool's latest corner swings away from everyone, bouncing out to Elliott on the edge of the box. He lets it bounce before hitting a shot on goal, but Yates blocks it with his head and needs a moment before getting back to his feet.
The first yellow card of the game is shown to Robertson, who crashes into Williams in his attempt to keep the Liverpool attack alive.
That booking was Robertson's last involvement in the game as he's the first to go off in a double change for the Reds. Nunez replaces him.
And Clark is also taken off, with Endo also making a return from injury in his place.
Diaz gets away from Omobamidele with a clever drop of the shoulder and drives to the byline. He gets his head up to look for a team-mate, but that gives Williams the chance to slide in and dispossess him.
WIDE! It's worked neatly from right to left by Liverpool with one-touch passes, and Diaz threads it through for Nunez. The angle is against him, but he still drills a low shot on goal, only to fire it into the side netting.
The first change for Forest sees Origi taken off, with both sets of fans giving him a warm ovation on his way off the pitch. Awoniyi, who scored the winner in this exact fixture last season, replaces him.
SO CLOSE! Forest break quickly on the counter once more, with Hudson-Odoi sliding it into the box for Awoniyi. He has Konate tight to his back, so he cushions it into Toffolo instead. His cross lands at Elanga's feet, but he sends his first-time shot just wide of the far post.
Elliott's corner is curled straight into Sels' gloves, and he goes long for Hudson-Odoi on the left. He knocks it into Awoniyi on the edge of the box, but he takes too long to get a shot away, and Bradley shields it back to Kelleher.
WIDE! Williams is caught on the ball on halfway, and Nunez bursts through the middle before switching it out to Gakpo on the right. The Uruguayan continues his run and wants it back, but Gakpo goes it alone, firing into the side netting.
Elanga takes it off Gomez's toe on the edge of the area, but Mac Allister wins it back before chipping a lovely ball over the top. Nunez peels away to get a glancing touch on it, but he can't direct it on target.
Klopp isn't happy with the free-kick that's been given against his side, and he's making it clear to the fourth official. The referee also comes across and manages to calm him down.
CHANCE! Diaz thinks about putting in a cross but instead carries it along the edge of the box before whipping a shot on goal. It's always swerving away from the target though, and it flies wide.
Liverpool's third change sees another player coming back from injury as Szoboszlai comes on in place of Elliott.
Dominguez has gone down a couple of times in the second half, and he's on the floor holding his thigh once more. It doesn't look like he's going to be able to carry on this time.
Dominguez is helped halfway off the field by Yates before the physio takes over, with the midfielder limping along. Danilo comes on in his place.
SAVE! It's a lovely first-time pass from Danilo down the left to pick out Hudson-Odoi's run into the box, and he drags it past Bradley to get a sight of goal. He scuffs at the shot though, and it's a comfortable save for Kelleher.
There are big shouts for a penalty from the Liverpool fans and players as they're claiming that Hudson-Odoi blocked Szoboszlai's shot with his arm. The winger's back was turned, and that's where it hit him, so it's just a corner.
Liverpool's final roll of the dice is a double one. Danns, who scored two goals after coming off the bench in the win over Southampton in midweek, replaces Gakpo.
And Bradley is also taken off, with Tsimikas on for him.
Sels comes off his line to collect a cross and Danns crashes into him as he tries to get on the end of it. The goalkeeper stays down, and the youngster goes into the book.
Sels needs treatment after that collision with Danns, and it seems to be a problem with his thigh. The medical team are on, but they've been seeing to him for a long time.
Sels slowly gets back to his feet, and it looks like he is going to carry on. Turner is getting warmed up on the sidelines, but for now, he isn't going to be needed.
Omobamidele sells himself trying to block Endo's throughball, but it rolls past him straight out to Diaz. He cuts inside from the left before whipping a shot across goal which is deflected out for a corner.
GOOD CHANCE! We're into a minimum of eight minutes of stoppage time here and Liverpool are still throwing everything they have at Forest. Diaz fizzes a dangerous low cross into the six-yard box, but Nunez can't reach it on the stretch as he slides in.
The referee deems that Gibbs-White is taking too long over a corner kick, so he's booked for time-wasting.
The yellow card is out once again, this time for Danilo, who is also booked for time-wasting.
GREAT SAVE! Tsimikas whips Liverpool's latest corner into the box and it's just too high for Nunez and hits Murillo behind him. The defender doesn't know much about it as his header bounces towards goal, but Sels reflexively sticks out his arm to keep it out on the line.
BLOCK! Forest break quickly on the counter once more, with Hudson-Odoi striding down the left before sweeping a cross to the edge of the box. Gibbs-White has space for a shot, which he takes, but Van Dijk sticks out a leg to deflect it wide.
Szoboszlai's throughball to Endo is too heavy, and Danilo puts his laces through the clearance, just wanting to get it away. Liverpool quickly work it back into the final third to win a late corner, which is likely going to be their final chance.
NUNEZ WINS IT FOR LIVERPOOL! In the dying seconds of the game, the Reds snatch a victory! Tsimikas latches onto the initial corner and volleys a shot on goal which Gibbs-White blocks. Forest just can't clear their lines though and Mac Allister nicks it off Hudson-Odoi before floating a lovely cross into the far post. Nunez rises above Williams to meet it and glances his header past Sels and into the bottom corner. 1-0 Liverpool!
Mac Allister was the calmest person in the City Ground as he held off Hudson-Odoi on the edge of the box before spinning into space to pick out a perfect cross.
Felipe isn't happy with the referee, and he's crossed a line with his complaints. He picks up a late booking for dissent.
FULL-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 0-1 LIVERPOOL.
Liverpool win their first-ever Premier League game away at Forest, with Nunez heading in a late winner to give the Reds a 1-0 victory. The visitors dominated throughout but failed to have a shot on target in the first half, with Forest having the best chance before the break, with Kelleher making a great stop to keep out Elanga after a quick counter. Liverpool upped the pressure in the second half, with Robertson seeing a shot cleared off the line before Diaz and Nunez both went close. In the ninth minute of stoppage time, Mac Allister picked out Nunez with a lovely ball, and the substitute glanced in the winner to seal a big three points. It means that Liverpool go four points clear at the top of the table, with Manchester City and Arsenal not playing until later on this weekend. Next up for them is their Europa League round of 16 first leg against Sparta Prague. Forest stay in 17th, still four points above the drop zone. They travel to Brighton next weekend. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello everyone and a warm welcome to live text coverage of the Premier League clash between Sheffield United and Arsenal at Bramall Lane.
High-flying Arsenal are looking to close the gap on Premier League leaders Liverpool to just two points with what would be their seventh successive victory of 2024. By contrast, bottom side United have been in freefall in recent times. The Blades have suffered eight defeats in their last 11, including back-to-back 5-0 routs on home soil against Aston Villa and Brighton and Hove Albion, leaving them seven points adrift at the foot of the table, and 11 from safety.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (4-5-1): Ivo Grbic; Jayden Bogle, Anel Ahmedhodzic, Auston Trusty, Jack Robinson; James McAtee, Oliver Norwood, Vinicius, Tom Davies, Gustavo Hamer; Oli McBurnie.
SUBS: Wes Foderingham, George Baldock, Yasser Larouci, Andre Brooks, Oliver Arblaster, Sydie Peck, Ben Osborn, William Osula, Ben Brereton.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Jakub Kiwior; Martin Odegaard, Jorginho, Declan Rice; Bukayo Saka, Kai Havertz, Gabriel Martinelli.
SUBS: Aaron Ramsdale, Cedric Soares, Thomas Partey, Emile Smith Rowe, Fabio Vieira, Eddie Nketiah, Leandro Trossard, Gabriel Jesus, Reiss Nelson.
Chris Wilder makes two changes from United's defeat at Wolves last weekend. Davies makes his first start for the club in midfield following a lengthy injury absence, while the in-form McBurnie is also back in the starting XI. Larouci and Brewster drop to the bench, where they are joined by the returning Baldock and Brereton. Mason Holgate serves the second of his three-match suspension, while a lengthy injury list includes the likes of Cameron Archer, John Egan, Chris Basham, Ryan Norrington-Davies, Max Lowe, Daniel Jebbison and Anis Ben Slimane.
Meanwhile, it is unsurprising that Mikel Arteta names an unchanged starting XI from Arsenal's resounding 4-1 victory over Newcastle United last time out. The most significant team news comes from the bench, where Partey returns having been absent since October with a thigh injury. The recently returned Jesus also takes his place among the substitutes, but Oleksandr Zinchenko and Takehiro Tomiyasu miss out.
One way or another, we may see history today. Arsenal could become the first side in English football league history to win three successive away matches by a five-goal margin or more. The Gunners have every chance of achieving that against their opponents, who are looking to avoid becoming the first English side to lose 5-0 in three straight home league games. The Blades could also have the unwanted tag of the first side in English football league history to concede five or more goals in four consecutive home outings.
The teams are making their way out onto the field. We are almost ready to go at Bramall Lane.
Samuel Barrott is our referee today. He blows his whistle and the 100th league meeting between the teams is under way.
OFF THE BAR! Arsenal are quickly into their stride as Saka plays a neat one-two with White to get in behind the defence. His square ball for Rice ricochets kindly back into his stride, and he is unfortunate to see his volley crash against the woodwork. Martinelli looks to follow up, but his first-time shot is cleared off the line by Robinson.
CLOSE! The Gunners continue to apply the pressure and White sends a teasing ball across the six-yard box, but Havertz is just unable to apply the final touch.
ODEGAARD!!! 1-0 ARSENAL! The visitors are off to a flier at Bramall Lane. Arsenal make their early pressure count and a neat move culminates in Martinelli threading the ball through into the area for Rice. The latter shows great awareness to pull it back into the centre, where an unmarked Odegaard arrives to tuck home from eight yards out.
That was the 67th goal United have conceded in the Premier League this season. The only side to let more in at this stage of a top-flight campaign was Ipswich Town in 1963-64 (74).
Odegaard is clearly in the mood here. After playing a short corner to Saka, he receives the return pass and teases Vinicius before letting fly from the edge of the box. However, the skipper's attempt is wide of Grbic's right post.
Given their defensive vulnerabilities, Arsenal are the last side United would have wanted to face today. Indeed, the Gunners recently became the first team in Premier League history to score two or more goals in seven successive halves of football.
Good block. The visitors are refusing to relent and Martinelli finds Saka in the box. Although, the well-placed Robinson does well to get in the way of his shot.
OWN-GOAL!!! 2-0 ARSENAL! This is some start by the Gunners, whose confidence is oozing out of them. Found in acres of space on the right flank, Saka accelerates away from Trusty and sends the ball across the six-yard box, where Bogle inadvertently turns it into his own net.
MARTINELLI!!! 3-0! It's far too easy for Arsenal! A swift counter by the Gunners sees Odegaard sweep the ball out to Martinelli. The Brazil international plays a one-two with Kiwior, before his deflected shot leaves Grbic with no chance.
Kiwior immediately returned the ball to Martinelli, who heaped further misery on United with Arsenal's third goal inside the opening quarter of an hour.
In what appears to be an attempt at damage limitation, Wilder turns to the bench already and Norwood is the player to make way with Osborn taking his place.
It has looked like a training exercise for Arsenal, who have been utterly ruthless thus far. At the moment, it seems like a matter of how many goals they will actually score.
The Blades desperately look to stop the rot and put a neat move together. It results in McAtee getting a shot away from distance, but it is always rising.
Rice looks keen to get in on the act as he lets fly with a fierce drive from distance. There is plenty of venom in the England midfielder's strike and Grbic has to push it away to safety.
Arsenal have now scored 300 Premier League goals under Arteta in what is his 161st match at the helm. Pep Guardiola (120), Jurgen Klopp (142) and Manuel Pellegrini (149) are the only managers to reach that tally in fewer games.
HAVERTZ!!! 4-0! It gets better and better for Arsenal! Another devastating counter by the Gunners sees Martinelli help the ball into the path of the German, who advances into the area before drilling a fierce shot across Grbic and into his bottom-left corner.
Martinelli, who got Arsenal's third goal, adds an assist to his name by helping the ball into the path of Havertz, who did the rest.
United look to hit back and a throughball releases Hamer in on goal. The winger is denied by Raya, but the offside flag is subsequently raised against him.
While it gets better and better for Arsenal, it goes from bad to worse for United. Droves of supporters have already seen enough and are making their way for the exit gates.
The hosts' frustration is epitomised by Bogle, who is late on Odegaard with a reckless sliding challenge. The right-back can have no complaints at going into the book.
We have only just passed the half-hour mark, but Arsenal have already registered six shots on target. That is higher than their season average in the Premier League of 5.9.
There is still time, of course, but Arsenal are well on course for their seventh straight Premier League victory of 2024. Only Manchester City (13 in 2021), Manchester United (nine in 2009) and Liverpool (eight in 2020) have had a longer winning run from the start of a calendar year. Those sides all went on to win the title, so could that be a good omen for the Gunners?
Still, the Gunners threaten. This time, Martinelli leads the charge with a dangerous burst across the penalty area. He shoots with his left foot, but the attempt is deflected away and behind for a corner.
Winning on their last two visits, Arsenal arrived here having never won three successive away matches against United. Barring the most spectacular of collapses, you would expect them to achieve that feat today.
RICE!!! 5-0 ARSENAL! The rout continues as a neat throughball releases Saka down the right again. The England winger has the presence of mind to pull it back for his international team-mate, who arrives to brilliantly steer a first-time shot past the helpless Grbic.
Having provided the cross that led to Bogle's own-goal, Saka grabs an assist with his lay-off for Rice. He is really enjoying himself down the right wing.
No side in Premier League history has ever gone into half-time with a 5-0 lead. Although, there is a huge possibility Arsenal could achieve that here. They are showing no signs of slowing down.
While this has been superb for Arsenal, United have subsequently achieved an unwanted record. Indeed, the Blades have become the first side in English football league history to concede five or more goals in four successive home matches. It could yet get worse for them as well.
There are going to be five additional minutes at the end of this first half. The hosts will be desperate for the half-time whistle.
With 18 in four matches, Arsenal have now scored as many away Premier League goals in 2024 than Manchester United have across the entire campaign.
HALF-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-5 ARSENAL
In record-breaking fashion, Arsenal were simply irresistible during that first half as they steamrollered to a comprehensive 5-0 lead over a despondent Sheffield United. Despite an xG of just 1.84, Mikel Arteta's side took just five minutes to break the deadlock through Martin Odegaard, while a Jayden Bogle own-goal and Gabriel Martinelli made it 3-0 inside the opening quarter of an hour. Kai Havertz and Declan Rice also got in on the act during the Gunners' most prolific first half in a Premier League match. As for their opponents, whose xG was a mere 0.03, they are the first side in English football league history to concede five or more goals in four straight home matches.
Completely outclassed during that first half, United enjoyed just 20.1 per cent of the possession and faced 16 shots from their opponents while recording just one of their own. The Blades also completed just 74 passes during those opening 45 minutes, with Arsenal defender Saliba (80) managing to better that tally. You feel it will be damage limitation for Chris Wilder's side upon the restart.
Arsenal make a change at the break with Vieira coming on to replace Saka.
Meanwhile, United make three alterations in a bid to steady the ship. The first sees Brooks replace Davies.
McAtee also makes way for the hosts with the more experienced Baldock taking his place.
McBurnie, who had scored or assisted in his last five home Premier League appearances, also goes off to be replaced by Osula.
United get the ball rolling again in the second half.
There is a slight concern for Arsenal as Martinelli goes down clutching his face after he was accidentally caught by Baldock's trailing arm. Although, the winger is soon back on his feet.
The Gunners have the opportunity to threaten again as Vinicius brings Havertz down just outside the box. The hosts must maintain their concentration levels here.
Rice whips a fierce free-kick towards goal from a tight angle, and Grbic does well to hold onto the ball with several Arsenal players close by and ready to pounce.
Arsenal go in search of that sixth goal with Vieira leading the charge. He crosses towards Martinelli, who hooks the ball towards goal, but United are able to clear their lines on this occasion.
The Gunners are well on course to become the first English football league side to win three successive away matches by a margin of five or more goals. You would not expect them to slip up from here.
WHITE!!! 6-0 ARSENAL! Six goals, six different scorers. The Gunners continue to run their opponents ragged. With good centre-forward play in the box, Havertz holds the ball up before laying it off to White, who fires a brilliant left-footed shot into Grbic's bottom-right corner.
Having scored Arsenal's fourth, Havertz provides their sixth with a neat lay-off for White to thump home.
Worryingly for United - but encouragingly for Arsenal - there is still half an hour to play at Bramall Lane. With goal difference likely to be a crucial factor in this closely fought Premier League title race, the Gunners are doing their own no harm whatsoever here.
This is a worry for Arsenal. Martinelli goes down again, though he appears to be in a bit more distress this time around. It looks like he will be unable to continue, but the Gunners will hope it is nothing too serious.
The Blades make a change with Ahmedhodzic handing over the captain's armband as he is replaced by Arblaster.
Meanwhile, Arsenal make three subs. Jesus makes his return as he replaces Martinelli in the first of these.
There is also a welcome return for Partey, who makes his first appearance since October with Jorginho making way.
White is also given a breather by Arteta. Cedric goes on in his place at right-back.
We are into the final quarter of this contest. United will be praying for the final whistle to put them out of their misery.
Vieira chases Cedric's long ball over the top of the defence down the right side. He manages to connect, but is unable to keep it in play.
It is not hugely surprising to see Arsenal take their foot off the gas slightly in the second half. The Gunners registered 16 shots during the first half, but have only mustered four since the restart.
After taking his goal involvement tally for the season into double figures, Rice is given a well-earned breather as he is replaced by Trossard.
A neat throughball gets Jesus in behind. The Brazil forward looks to square it for a team-mate, but the hosts manage to clear. He may have been better off shooting himself there.
Kiwior has a free header as he connects with Odegaard's ball into the box. However, he cannot steer it towards goal and test Grbic.
United look for a consolation with Osula leading the charge from the halfway line. The substitute lets fly from outside the area, but his effort is always rising.
GOOD SAVE! Jesus and Havertz link up well with the Brazilian taking aim from a tight angle. His curling shot looks like it could creep into Grbic's bottom-left corner, but the United goalkeeper manages to tip it away.
The hosts are looking to end a disappointing day on a high as they attack down the right flank. Bogle has space to explore and makes his way into the area, but his eventual shot is a poor one and well wide of the target.
Although the damage was done in the first half, United do deserve credit having been a lot more stubborn at the back since the restart. Despite White's goal, they have managed to largely keep their opponents at bay.
Jesus threatens for the Gunners as he looks to jink past a couple of United defenders, who eventually snuff him out. Although, the offside flag is subsequently raised against him.
There are going to be at least five minutes of stoppage time at the end of this game.
Taking their goal tally to 68 today, Arsenal have never scored as many after 27 games in a Premier League season. They have also netted 31 already in 2024 while conceding just three - and 17 without reply in their last three away games.
As well as their impressive attacking exploits, Arsenal's defensive ones also deserve a mention. Barring a last-gasp United goal, this would be the Gunners' 11th clean sheet in the Premier League this season, the most by any side.
FULL-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-6 ARSENAL
Arsenal become the first side in English football league history to win three successive away matches by five or more goals following their comprehensive 6-0 drubbing of Sheffield United. The Gunners, who had an xG of 2.25 compared to their opponents' 0.23, also closed the gap on Premier League leaders Liverpool to just two points with 11 games remaining. The damage was done during a ruthless first-half display at Bramall Lane, where Martin Odegaard, Gabriel Martinelli, Kai Havertz and Declan Rice were all on target, while Jayden Bogle put through his own net. Ben White also got in on the act after the break as Mikel Arteta's side made it seven straight wins in 2024. They will look to continue their blistering form at home to Brentford on Saturday. The first English league side to concede five or more goals in four straight home games, United remain 11 points from safety and will desperately try to rally themselves when they travel to Bournemouth this weekend. Thanks for joining us. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello everyone and welcome to live text coverage of the Premier League clash between Bournemouth and Sheffield United at the Vitality Stadium.
It is 13th against 20th in the Premier League. Bournemouth, who are 11 points clear of the relegation zone, will look to extend that gap and move closer to the top half with victory over their despondent opponents. Fresh from a 6-0 home drubbing by Arsenal, United are 11 points from safety, and must start to get wins on the board if they are to have any chance of completing a great escape.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Adam Smith, Illia Zabarnyi, Chris Mepham, Milos Kerkez; Ryan Christie, Lewis Cook; Antoine Semenyo, Justin Kluivert, Marcus Tavernier; Dominic Solanke.
SUBS: Mark Travers, Max Kinsey, Romain Faivre, Alex Scott, Philip Billing, Tyler Adams, Dango Ouattara, Luis Sinisterra, Enes Unal.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-5-2): Ivo Grbic; George Baldock, Jack Robinson, Auston Trusty; Jayden Bogle, Gustavo Hamer, Oliver Arblaster, Tom Davies, Ben Osborn; Ben Brereton, Oli McBurnie.
SUBS: Wes Foderingham, Anel Ahmedhodzic, Sam Curtis, Yasser Larouci, James McAtee, Andre Brooks, Oliver Norwood, Vinicius, William Osula.
After passing a late fitness test, Solanke starts for Bournemouth while Christie makes his 300th league appearance. Andoni Iraola makes a single change from last weekend's 2-0 win over Burnley - the Cherries' first Premier League victory of 2024 - with Mepham replacing the injured Marcos Senesi in the heart of defence. Adams is back on the bench for the hosts, though they continue to be without Max Aarons, Ryan Fredericks, Lloyd Kelly and James Hill.
Chris Wilder makes four changes in a desperate bid to stop United's rot. Baldock, Brereton and Osborn are all recalled, while there is a first Premier League start for 19-year-old Arblaster, as Ahmedhodzic, Norwood, Vinicius and McAtee drop to the bench. Mason Holgate completes his three-match suspension today, with Cameron Archer, John Egan, Max Lowe, Chris Basham, Rhian Brewster, Daniel Jebbison, Rhys Norrington-Davies and Anis Ben Slimane all missing out through injury.
Bournemouth have won two of their last three league meetings with United, more victories than they managed in the 16 previous encounters. Although, the Blades have only lost once in their last nine league visits to the Vitality Stadium.
The players make their way out onto the pitch. We are almost ready to go at the Vitality Stadium.
Anthony Taylor is our referee today. He blows his whistle and Bournemouth get us under way.
On the day of his 300th league appearance, Christie registers the first shot on goal. The midfielder catches his first long-range effort nicely, but it is straight at Grbic.
At the other end, Brereton has a sight on goal. However, he cannot generate enough power on his shot to test Neto.
On the road this season, United have just one win, five points, 10 defeats, 10 goals scored and 30 conceded. Those are all the worst such tallies in the Premier League.
Kerkez's cross deflects high into the air and Solanke challenges Grbic for the dropping ball. Thankfully for the United goalkeeper, it ricochets against the Bournemouth striker and behind for a goal kick.
Kerkez catches Davies late with a rash challenge. The United players are incensed with the Bournemouth full-back, who receives the first booking of the game.
Bournemouth are awarded a free-kick in a dangerous position after Osborn bundles Kluivert over. Tavernier goes across to take the set-piece near the right corner flag.
PENALTY TO BOURNEMOUTH! From the resulting free-kick, which Tavernier takes short into the area, Davies slides in and catches Solanke. The referee shows no hesitation and points straight to the spot.
Penalty Miss - Dominic Solanke
OH DEAR! WHAT A NIGHTMARE FOR SOLANKE! The Bournemouth number nine steps up to the spot, but slips at the vital moment and sends his penalty over the crossbar.
Smith is late on Brereton with his sliding challenge. He also goes into the book, meaning both Bournemouth full-backs are now on yellow cards.
United will have been relieved to see Solanke not convert the penalty. The Blades must now look to make the most of their good fortune.
Cook sends his corner delivery into the lesser-crowded section of the box at the near post. Semenyo meets it on the volley, but cannot quite keep his shot down.
The Cherries are unbeaten in each of their last seven Premier League matches against promoted sides, winning each of their four most recent such games.
We are still goalless at the midway point in the first half. Bournemouth have dominated possession, but registered just two shots on target so far.
GOOD SAVE! Semenyo arrives on the edge of the box to send a first-time shot towards goal. However, Grbic is alert and pushes it away.
HAMER!!! 1-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED! The visitors take the lead against the run of play! United embark on a swift counter with McBurnie and Hamer teeing up Bogle, whose shot from a tight angle is parried by Neto. Hamer is quickly onto the loose ball and buries the rebound into the roof of the net.
Smash and grab from the Blades. Despite enjoying just 29.8 per cent of the possession, they have taken their opportunity when it arrived. The Vitality Stadium is stunned.
SIDE-NETTING! Bournemouth look to respond and attack down the left wing. Christie collects the ball in the box and goes for goal from a tight angle but, off-balance, his strike goes the wrong side of the post.
At the other end, Hamer's cross from the left flank is met by McBurnie, but the Blades striker can only head straight at Neto.
McBurnie has not ended up on the winning side in any of his 15 Premier League appearances this season; more than any other player. Will the Blades striker enjoy better fortunes today?
Hamer unneccessarily takes out Smith and goes into the book for his troubles.
BRILLIANT SAVE! The Cherries push for the equaliser and Christie's cross is met by Semenyo at the near post. There is plenty of power in his header, but Grbic does well to tip it away.
Bournemouth continue to ask questions and Kluivert latches onto a ball beyond the United defence. Thankfully for the visitors, Grbic races out of goal to deny him a clear sight of goal.
The Blades' concentration levels are being tested to the maximum here. Solanke cushions Kerkez's cross for Christie on the edge of the box, but his first-time shot is always rising.
We are going to play four additional minutes at the end of this first half. There is still time for Bournemouth to respond before the break.
The Blades have a throw midway through stoppage time in the first half. They will likely send this long and would love to double their lead before the break.
FREE HEADER! Hamer's volley deflects behind for a corner. The subsequent delivery is met by McBurnie, but he cannot steer his header either side of Neto.
GOOD TRY! Bournemouth launch one last counter of the first half. Tavernier feeds Kerkez, who unleashes a fierce shot from a tight angle, and Grbic has to beat it away.
HALF-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 0-1 SHEFFIELD UNITED
Despite their turbulent recent form, Sheffield United lead 1-0 at the Vitality Stadium. Bournemouth made a dominant start to the contest, but could not capitalise as Dominic Solanke slipped at the vital moment and sent his 14th-minute penalty into the stands. Although, the Blades certainly made the most of that let-off and broke the deadlock in the 27th minute when Gustavo Hamer fired home from close range.
Bournemouth trail despite controlling large periods of the first half with 69.9 per cent of the possession, while they also recorded 316 passes compared to their opponents' 142. The Cherries have already have five shots on target, finding Grbic in decent form, but must keep asking questions upon the restart.
United make a change at the break with Vinicius replacing Davies, who conceded the first-half penalty.
Bournemouth also make a change as Ouattara replaces Kerkez.
United get the ball rolling again in the second half.
There is a brief concern for the visitors as Brereton stays down after blocking Smith's powerful drive. However, the striker is soon back on his feet.
Tavernier tees up Christie on the edge of the box. Although, like his first-half attempt from a similar position, his first-time shot is always rising.
Today, Bournemouth are in danger of losing three successive home games for the first time since 2019. Of course, the Cherries still have plenty of time on their side, though.
Ouattara looks to make an impact as he skips away from a challenge and crosses from the left flank. However, Grbic comfortably gathers.
United have conceded 72 goals in their first 27 Premier League games this season. That is the highest tally at this stage of a campaign in the top four divisions of English football since Doncaster Rovers in 1997-98 (73).
The Blades enjoy a rare venture forward in the second half. McBurnie looks to bend one in the top corner from the edge of the box, but there is just too much height on his effort.
Bournemouth appeal for a penalty as Kluivert goes to ground under pressure from Hamer. However, the referee is not interested.
McBurnie accidentally catches Mepham in the face with his trailing arm as they contest an aerial ball. The striker is quite unlucky to be shown a yellow card for that.
Iraola makes a double change in an attempt to rally Bournemouth. The first switch sees Unal introduced in place of Kluivert.
Sinisterra is also brought on in place of Tavernier.
SAVE! Arblaster looks to make his first Premier League start all the more memorable. The 19-year-old embarks on a strong run into the box, before unleashing a low drive that Grbic is forced to get down and turn away.
ROBINSON!!! 2-0 UNITED! The Blades double their lead! Bournemouth fail to deal with a corner as Neto punches the ball straight into Solanke's back. It ricochets to Robinson, whose shot crosses the line before it is clawed away. What a time to score his first Premier League goal!
SOLANKE SCORES! Bournemouth hit straight back and Sinisterra's strike is blocked by Robinson, but Solanke is first on the scene to prod the ball home. However, VAR are having a good look at this...
NO GOAL! The ball struck Solanke's arm before he poked it home. There was not much the Bournemouth striker could have done about it in all fairness. However, given the current interpretation of the laws, it is the right decision.
The visitors make a double change. The first of those sees McBurnie given a breather with McAtee taking his place.
Wilder also opts for an extra body in the heart of defence with Ahmedhodzic brought on to replace Bogle.
As things stand, United would move off the foot of the Premier League table with this scoreline. They would still be eight points from safety, but it would be a start for Wilder's side.
Grbic takes his time restarting the game from a goal-kick. He does so too much for the liking of the referee, who books him.
The hosts turn straight to the bench with Scott introduced in place of Smith.
Billing also comes on for the hosts with Christie making way.
OUATTARA!!! 2-1! BOURNEMOUTH PULL ONE BACK! The half-time substitute picks a good moment to score his first home Premier League goal. He is completely unmarked to meet Christie's corner at the near post, and plant a firm header past Grbic.
Christie delivered an inviting corner that was begging to be attacked, and Ouattara duly obliged.
United now face a huge test of their credentials inside the final quarter of an hour. The Blades have produced an impressive performance, but they will be desperate to ensure it is converted into maximum points.
Danger for the visitors as Bournemouth send another corner into the box. The ball ricochets towards goal, but Grbic gathers.
The visitors make two more changes. Brereton is replaced by Osula in one of them.
Arblaster's maiden Premier League start draws to a close. He is replaced by the more experienced Norwood, who was substituted early against Arsenal on Monday.
Yellow Card Benjamin Anthony Brereton Díaz
CHANCE! Ouattara is in there again for the hosts. This time, he meets a corner from the left flag, but cannot keep his header down on this occasion.
Bournemouth have really turned up the pressure since pulling a goal back. Indeed, they have enjoyed 83 per cent of possession in the last 10 minutes. Can United hold on?
Good block! Sinisterra leads Bournemouth's charge with a surging run into the box. He tees up Scott, whose first-time shot is deflected away by the United defence.
Mepham catches Hamer late and goes into the book.
Norwood also goes into the book for dissent.
Receiving the ball in space, Billing unleashes a fierce strike from distance. It is on target, but straight into the grateful arms of Grbic.
UNAL!!! BOURNEMOUTH EQUALISE! 2-2! United cannot hold on as their hosts complete the comeback. The visitors initally clear their lines, but Mepham helps the ball back into the danger zone. Ouattara flicks it on for Unal, who volleys home from close range.
Ouattara, who scored Bournemouth's first goal, claims an assist for their second after helping the ball on for Unal to finish.
We are almost halfway through eight additional minutes at the end of this game. Will Bournemouth go on and complete the turnaround?
The hosts push for a dramatic winner and Scott's cross deflects high into the air. However, Solanke is penalised for backing into Grbic.
JUST WIDE! Sinisterra almost wins it for Bournemouth. The substitute has been magnificent since coming on and embarks on another strong run into the area. He gets a shot away from a tight angle, but it drifts wide of the far post.
Sinisterra is involved again as he works his way into the box before teeing up Billing, whose first-time shot bends high and wide of the target.
FULL-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 2-2 SHEFFIELD UNITED
An entertaining game at the Vitality Stadium finishes all square with Bournemouth and Sheffield United sharing a 2-2 draw. After Dominic Solanke's missed penalty, Gustavo Hamer put the Blades ahead in the 27th minute. Jack Robinson doubled the lead after 64 minutes but United, who had an xG of 1.27 compared to their opponents' 2.65, could not hold on for all three points. Dango Ouattara pulled one back for the hosts 10 minutes later, before Enes Unal volleyed in the equaliser in the first minute of stoppage time to snatch a point. Despite failing to hang on, Chris Wilder's side move off the foot of the Premier League table, while Bournemouth remain 13th and 11 points clear of the relegation zone. The Cherries host Luton Town on Wednesday while United are not in action against until March 30, when they welcome Fulham to Bramall Lane. Thanks for joining us. Until next time, goodbye!
nan
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Aston Villa and Tottenham at Villa Park.
Villa went through a rocky patch in the Premier League and only won one of their first four matches in 2024, disrupting their charge towards qualification for next season's Champions League. However, the Lions have improved their form and have won three successive games in the top flight. After triumphs over Fulham and Nottingham Forest, it looked like Villa were easing their way to another victory when they were 2-0 ahead at half-time. Yet, second-half strikes from Tahith Chong and Carlton Morris for the Hatters set up an enthralling finish. Despite Luton's impressive comeback to level the score, Unai Emery's side prevailed thanks to Lucas Digne, who netted an 89th-minute winner for Villa. The hosts are five points above fifth-place Tottenham, so they will strengthen their grip on a place in fourth if they can beat a direct rival. Although, Villa might be slightly more tired than their opponents after travelling to Ajax for a 0-0 draw in the first leg of their Europa Conference League last-16 tie in midweek.
Spurs have only lost one of their last seven Premier League matches, but there are still plenty of things to improve for Ange Postecoglou's men if they want to stand a chance of finishing in the top four this campaign. The visitors haven't won back-to-back matches in the top flight since December (where they won three in a row) and haven't kept a clean sheet in their last nine games. Additionally, the Lilywhites have conceded first in their previous four league outings but came from behind to beat a spirited Crystal Palace side in their last fixture. Eberechi Eze opened the scoring for the Eagles with a sublime second-half free-kick before Tottenham turned it around with goals from Timo Werner, Cristian Romero and Son Heung-min. If Spurs can win for just the second time in seven matches on the road in the Premier League, they will go two points behind Villa and have control of their destiny due to having a game in hand on their opponents.
ASTON VILLA (3-4-2-1): Emiliano Martinez; Ezri Konsa, Pau Torres, Clement Lenglet; Matty Cash, Douglas Luiz, John McGinn, Lucas Digne; Leon Bailey, Youri Tielemans; Ollie Watkins.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Diego Carlos, Alex Moreno, Moussa Diaby, Nicolo Zaniolo, Jhon Duran, Robin Olsen, Morgan Rogers, Kaine Kesler-Hayden, Tim Iroegbunam.
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Destiny Udogie; Yves Bissouma, Pape Sarr; Dejan Kulusevski, James Maddison, Brennan Johnson; Son Heung-Min.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Radu Dragusin, Emerson Royal, Timo Werner, Giovani Lo Celso, Rodrigo Bentancur, Ben Davies, Brandon Austin, Dane Scarlett.
Villa make three changes to the side that drew 0-0 with Ajax in the first leg of their Europa Conference League last-16 match against Ajax. Captain McGinn regains his place in the side and replaces 20-year-old Iroegbunam. Bailey starts ahead of Diaby on the wing, with Cash also picked ahead of Rogers.
Tottenham make three alterations to the team that beat Palace 3-1 in their previous Premier League outing. Porro is back after missing the last two matches with a muscle injury and appears at right-back instead of Royal. Sarr replaces Bentancur in the midfield, with the final change coming in the attack. Werner scored his first goal for Spurs against the Eagles but is out of the side for Johnson, who registered two assists against Palace.
Villa have won their last three Premier League meetings with Tottenham, their longest league winning run over Spurs since January 1996 (a run of four). Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Tottenham get this Premier League clash under way. A win for Villa would strengthen their grip on fourth position and a guaranteed place in the Champions League next season. However, a triumph for Spurs would put them in control of their own fate.
United aren’t even playing today, but they will be watching this contest keenly after beating Everton 2-0 yesterday. The Red Devils are eight points behind Villa, so are still in the race for a place in next season’s Champions League. Erik ten Hag will probably be hoping for a draw.
There is a very loud atmosphere around Villa Park, with the hosts desperate for a win. Emery's men have had most of the possession in the early exchanges but haven't been able to do anything with it and are just trying to build their way into the match. Spurs are looking to play a high press.
TACKLE! What an important intervention from Van De Ven! A long ball out of the Villa defence is flicked on by Watkins, who runs around Romero and into the box. He tries to get a shot away on his right foot, but Van de Ven gets back brilliantly to make a strong tackle. Watkins stays down, but he will be fine to continue.
Spurs play the ball around patiently in Villa's half, switching it from left to right before Kulusevski takes control on the touchline. He rolls a pass through to Porro, but the right-back sends his cross straight out for a goal-kick. Villa demand that the flag goes up for offside against the Spaniard, but nothing is given.
McGinn receives a pass out of the defence and is immediately put under pressure by Bissouma, who gets in quickly to win the ball before giving away a free-kick. That was lucky for Villa, as the foul was very soft. Spurs would have had a clear chance to score.
Udogie bursts down the left and flashes a brilliant cross just in front of Martinez, but Kulusevski cannot get there quickly enough to tap the ball in from close range. The Sweden international collects it on the right and sends another cross into the box, but the Villa defence clear it away.
Romero has possession on the left in Spurs' half, taking a long time on the ball before passing it into the midfield. Watkins shows his frustrations and makes a late tackle on the defender. The England international still looks hurt from the early tackle from Van de Ven.
Villa haven’t been able to impose themselves on the contest and are giving possession away cheaply. Martinez keeps attempting to play a long ball over the top to Watkins, but the striker cannot hold it up and is being nullified by the Spurs defence. He has only had three touches.
Bissouma plays a pass straight to Wakins in Spurs' defensive third, with the forward rolling a pass down the left to Tielemans. However, his shot is blocked. Villa retain possession, but a lofted switch over to Cash down the right has too much pace on it, with the ball going behind for a goal-kick. It’s taken 15 minutes for the first shot.
Son will be the player to watch for Spurs today. Since the start of the 2020-21 campaign, only Mohamed Salah (118) and Harry Kane (96) have more goals and assists combined in the Premier League than Spurs’ captain (63 goals and 29 assists). Son also has five goals in three appearances at Villa Park (one every 52 minutes); among players to play 250 or more minutes at a Premier League stadium, only Luis Suarez at Carrow Road (one every 38 minutes) has a better minutes to goal ratio than Son at Villa Park. He has been crowded out so far, but the South Korea international only needs a second to create magic for the visitors.
Cash gives away a free-kick on the left in a crossing position. However, Porro's inswinging cross is headed away by  Lenglet. Villa break away on the counter through McGinn, who finds Luiz, The Brazilian threads a throughball to Wakins, but he is just offside.
Sarr is the first player to go into the book after a tangle of legs with Bailey.
McGinn is over the following free-kick on the right and curls a cross into the box, but Vicario takes command of the situation and punches it away. He should have caught it, but didn’t want to take any risks.
Villa are putting the ball into the box on every occasion, with Cash taking long throws from the right. The Tottenham defence clear the initial danger before Bailey's left-footed strike from the edge is blocked. Luiz was ready to have a shot just behind him, but it was taken away from his toes.
Villa are having a dominant spell and are putting Spurs under pressure. Udogie does well to intercept a pass down the right to Cash, but the hosts keep possession through McGinn, who switches the play over to Digne on the left. The Frenchman then looks to put a cross into the box, but it is caught by Vicario.
Luiz and Maddison get into a confrontation off the ball, with the Villa man raising his hands in the air indicating that he has nothing to do with the situation. Referee Chris Kavanagh calls them over for a chat to cool things down. That will be something to watch for the rest of the contest.
Tottenham have scored in all 26 Premier League matches under Postecoglou so far, the best run of scoring from a manager’s first game in the English top-flight since Arthur Rowe at Spurs in the 1950-51 season when they won the title (scored in the first 27 games). The visitors will want to extend that run, but they will have to get a shot away first. Spurs have had 64.9 per cent of the possession, but nothing to show for it.
WIDE! Cash goes close! Wakins holds onto the ball brilliantly and waits for support. He finds Cash, who slides a pass to Bailey on the byline. The winger then cuts the ball back to Cash, but he pokes his effort wide of the right post after a scramble.
Tottenham are putting Villa under plenty of pressure. Martinez plays a short pass to Konza, who is lucky to escape Johnson after his clearance flicks off the winger and goes forward. However, Johnson doesn’t give up on the challenge, forcing him back to the corner flag before blocking his clearance again.
Bailey is playing up front next to Watkins. However, he is struggling to get involved. He has only had 13 touches, completing only one of his five passes so far.
PENALTY SHOUT! Cash wins possession off Maddison and allows his side to stream forward on the attack. He finds Watkins, who rolls a pass through to Bailey, but he is tackled by Bissouma inside the box. The Villa man wants a penalty, but Bissouma gets a touch on the ball.
Udogie drives inside from the left and attempts to poke a pass through to Son, but his ball into the South Korean is blocked. He tries to rescue the Spurs attack by wresting with Konza to regain possession, but he throws him to the floor and gifts a free-kick to the hosts. Another nearly moment that comes to nothing for Spurs.
This is the latest into a Premier League game that Spurs have gone without a shot this season, with their previous-longest being a 20th-minute attempt against Brighton in February. This has been far from a classic, with Villa only having three shots worth an xG (expected goals) of 0.31.
So few chances or moments of quality from either side shows how much this contest means in the battle for a spot in the top four and a place in next season's Champions League. Neither team wants to give anything away easily.
Johnson looks to create something for Spurs, driving down the left before drilling a cross-shot towards the near post. However, Martínez is aware of the danger and collects it easily.
Son threads a pass down the left side of the box to Johnson, who is put under pressure by a crowd but can poke a cutback into the middle. However, nobody is there to tap it in, allowing Villa to clear it away.
CHANCE! Romero is loose in possession, and Bailey gets in quickly to win the ball. He offloads a pass to Watkins, who gets down the left side of the box. He has an opportunity to get a shot away on his left foot but cuts onto his right and has his attempt blocked by Romero. The hosts have a corner moments later and take it short to McGinn, but his cross is directed just wide by Digne.
HALF-TIME: ASTON VILLA 0-0 TOTTENHAM
Villa and Tottenham struggled to create any meaningful attacking chances in a first half that ended goalless. The hosts had five shots but failed to test Vicario in the Spurs net. Watkins had an early opportunity on the right side of the box after flicking the ball past Romero. However, Van de Ven got back brilliantly to stop the striker from getting a shot away. Tielemans, Watkins and Bailey had attempts blocked, with Cash poking a shot wide of the right post and Digne shouldering an effort across the goal and off target with the final attack of the half. Tottenham lacked any threat going forward, with Johnson's effort from a tight angle going straight at Martinez in what was their only shot of the half.
Rarely a team that created an xG of 0.48 with five shots and zero on target would be better than their opponents going into half-time, but that’s the case for Villa against Tottenham. The hosts have looked threatening at times on the counter through Watkins and Bailey, but the Lions have not been able to get their forward involved enough. The pair combined for just 32 touches before the break. As for Spurs, they only had one attempt, worthy of an xG of only 0.03. The visitors have only had 10 touches inside the opposition box, with Johnson accounting for six of them. Son has been crowded out by the three Villa centre-backs and will be hoping to be more involved after the restart.
Villa get the ball rolling again. No changes at the break.
Cash makes any early drive down the right and has Watkins ready for a cross in the middle of the box. The right-back goes alone, cutting inside before having a left-footed shot blocked in the box. Watkins is furious and has his hands in the air.
OFFSIDE! Fast start to the second half from Villa. Digne plays the inside to Torres, who plays a reverse pass through to Bailey. He runs from right to left to get onto it, but he strikes his effort over before the flag goes up.
Van de Ven goes down off the ball and looks like he is in some discomfort.  He cannot continue and will be replaced.
Van de Ven is forced off with an injury and is replaced by Dragusin, who signed from Genoa in January. This is his fourth appearance off the bench, but the earliest he has come on.
GOALLLL! MADDISON SCORES! 1-0 SPURS! What a goal that could be in the race for Champions League qualification. Porro combines with Kulusevski in Tottenham's half, and he threads a pass down the right to Sarr. He rushes forward and curls a brilliant cross into Maddison, who bundles it in from close range.
What an assist from Sarr. He makes a brilliant run to get down the right, but his cross is even better. He flashes it into Maddison, who simply has to poke it in from close range.
Maddison has been directly involved in nine goals across his eight away Premier League appearances for Spurs (three goals and six assists). He’s also scored in two of his last four appearances at Villa Park (three goals).
GOALLL! JOHNSON SCORES! 2-0 SPURS! The visitors have netted twice in quick succession. Konsa is loose in possession and is tackled by Kulusevski, who plays a short pass to Son. He has options on either side but finds Johnson to his left, with the Wales international crashing his effort into the roof of the net.
Son is smart. He has to decide where to play the ball on the edge of the box, slotting it over to Johnson on his left, with the forward free. There is still plenty to do for Johnson, but he finishes the chance emphatically.
Son has had a hand in 10 goals across his last nine away Premier League appearances (seven goals and three assists).
Tottenham looked lost in the attack in the first half and only had one shot, but have been superb since the restart. Villa are looking tired, which could be because of their away trip to Ajax in the Europa Conference League in midweek.
Emery has seen enough and has decided to make three changes. He is going for a more attacking side, with Lenglet coming off for Zaniolo.
Tielemans has only had 20 touches and is off for Diaby. This is his sixth consecutive appearance off the bench. The Frenchman registered an important assist against Luton in Villa’s last match.
There is also a straight swap on the left for Villa. Moreno will bring a fresh pair of legs as he replaces Digne.
Son gets behind Cash on the left and swings an inviting cross into the heart of the box. However, it is just too far ahead of Kulusevski, who cannot get there. Villa need to do something to turn the momentum in their favour.
Dragusin stops Villa from taking a quick free-kick and goes into the book.
Spurs have another chance to score. Johnson receives the ball on the touchline around the halfway line and drives a first-time pass through to Udogie, but he puts too much on it, and Martinez claims.
CHANCE! Diaby does brilliantly to win the ball back in Spurs' defensive third and finds McGinn, who gets to the byline before drilling a low cross into the box. Zaniolo is there, but Porro and Vicario work together to clear it away.
RED CARD! Villa are down to 10 men after a horrendous tackle from McGinn. Udogie skips past him, and the Lions captain lunges across him without trying to win the ball. It’s a naughty challenge, and the Spurs players are quite rightly furious.
Udogie gets up from the tackle before going back down again. He needs medical treatment but will be able to continue. A difficult comeback for Villa might have just become impossible.
McGinn has received his first red card in 205 league appearances in English football. There was really no question about it.
Villa make another switch. Bailey has been largely ineffective and has completed just 36.4 per cent of his passes. Iroegbunam is on.
Sarr got a brilliant assist for Spurs' first goal and is now being given a rest after an energetic performance in the midfield. Bentancur is on.
Zaniolo uses his quick feet and speed to drive forward with possession, skipping a couple of tackles before switching the ball over to Diaby on the right. However, he cannot take control of it, allowing Udogie to get across and thump it clear.
CHANCE! Spurs waste a scoring chance. The visitors win possession high up the pitch again, with Son dribbling forward before rolling a pass through to Kulusevski on the right side of the box. He could shoot but goes back to Son, who is crowded out, before having his pass intercepted.
OVER! Bentancur collects the ball in space in the middle of Spurs' half and surges forward before rolling a pass out to Kulusevski. He gets to the edge of Villa's box, cutting inside before lifting his effort well over the bar. Son was free to his left and is annoyed that he didn’t get the ball.
Villa have only had three shots in the second half (zero on target worth an xG of 0.17). Their performance is summed up in a corner from Luiz, who sends a low cross straight to Porro at the front post.
Luiz looks for options just inside Spurs' half, lofting a pass over the top of the defence and through to Diaby down the right. He doesn’t look at the options in the box, cutting the ball back to the edge, where nobody is there. This has been a worrying performance from the hosts.
Maddison receives the ball in Villa's half and threads an over-hit throughball to Kulusevski. He keeps the attack alive on the byline and lifts a cross over to Johnson, but his shot is blocked at close range. Villa Park has gone quiet, they have had nothing to cheer about.
Porro is in plenty of space on the right and is given the time to whip a low cross into the heart of the box. Son darts inside to try and get a shot away, but Cash sticks to his man and helps the ball onto Martinez.
Tottenham have only won one of their last six away Premier League games (drawing three and losing two) despite scoring two or more goals in five of those games, all of which have been in their last five trips. Before today, Spurs last scored two or more goals in six away league games in a row between May and September 2017. This time, they will probably be getting a deserved win for their efforts.
SAVE! An important stop from Vicario. Luiz's outswinging cross from the right is headed on to Zaniolo, whose effort from close range at the back post is bravely blocked by Vicario. The Italian lands on the goalkeeper, who looks hurt and needs treatment.
Villa make their final change. Carlos returns from injury and replaces Konza at centre-back.
Vicario is back on his feet and is in goal to defend a Villa corner that comes to nothing. He will be desperate to keep a clean sheet for the first time in 10 outings.
Tottenham are making two changes. Maddison is given a warm reception from the away fans after scoring Spurs' first goal and is replaced by Werner, who will not give the Villa defence a moment of rest.
Johnson scored Spurs' second goal that put the contest beyond Villa and probably started the hosts to get frustrated. Hojbjerg is on to help the away side see out the match.
Hojbjerg fakes his way beyond two Villa players before slotting the ball through to Son on the right. His low cross is cleared as far as Kulusevski, who has his shot from close range tackled behind by Carlos. It looked like he was going to get a goal that his performance has deserved.
GOALLLLL! SON SCORES! 3-0 SPURS! Tottenham make a statement at Villa Park. Porro and Kulusevski combine with a clever one-two in a tight space on the right, with the Sweden international breaking free before cutting the ball across to Son. The captain is free in the middle, and he smashes his strike into the roof of the net.
Kulusevski could have scored just moments ago, but he gets an assist to his name. He works well with Porro in a tight space, breaking free of a couple of markers before finding Son, who does the rest.
There will be 10 minutes of additional time.
GOALLL! WERNER SCORES! 4-0 SPURS! Son skips down the left side of the box and pushes the ball past Cash before squaring a pass across to Werner, who sends a first-time finish across the goal and into the right corner.
One goal and two assists for Son. He is too quick and clever for Cash, using his speed to get past the right-back before getting his head up to find Werner. It's an instinctive finish from the forward, who scores for the second consecutive match.
That is Werner's first Premier League strike against Villa on his fourth appearance against them in the competition. That will give him great confidence.
Son tries to make a run around Carlos to get the ball but speeds straight into the Villa defender and goes to the floor. There was absolutely nothing in that, with the Spurs man making the most of it.
FULL-TIME: ASTON VILLA 0-4 TOTTENHAM
Tottenham scored four goals in a dominant second-half display to beat Villa 4-0 at Villa Park and put qualification for next season's Champions League in their hands. Spurs only created an xG of 0.03 before the break but were a completely different side after the restart. Maddison poked in Sarr's cross to put the visitors ahead, with Johnson crashing his strike into the roof of the net just 207 seconds later to put Postecoglou's men in control. Things went from bad to worse for Villa when McGinn got sent off for a horrendous tackle on Udogie and took 84 minutes to have their first attempt on target. Spurs were ruthless and scored twice in stoppage time. Son hammered his effort from inside the box past Martinez before assisting Werner moments later for his second goal in two outings. Spurs are just two points behind fourth-placed Villa and have played one fewer match. They travel to Fulham next week looking for their third straight win. As for Villa, they have conceded two or more goals in three successive games and host Ajax in the second leg of their Europa Conference League last-16 tie. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live text coverage of this Sunday afternoon Premier League fixture! Today it's Brighton, as they welcome Nottingham Forest to the American Express Stadium.
Brighton are playing for pride today, already knowing they will mathematically avoid relegation in advance of their Premier League match against Nottingham Forest, who have more intense hopes of staying clear of the relegation places. Brighton sit in ninth place on 39 points, having scored 49 goals and conceded 44. With 11 matches left, the Seagulls trail fifth-placed Tottenham Hotspur by 11 points for a spot in the Europa League. Brighton were defeated 3-0 in their last Premier League match at Craven Cottage against Fulham.
Forest's last Premier League match saw them beaten 1-0 by Liverpool at City Ground, leaving them in 17th place on 24 points. Nuno Espirito Santo's side are just four points outside of the relegation zone with 11 matches to play and no doubt wary of point-deduction speculation.
BRIGHTON (4-2-3-1): Bart Verbruggen; Pervis Estupinan, Lewis Dunk, Jan Paul van Hecke, Joel Veltman; Jakub Moder, Carlos Baleba; Ansu Fati, Pascal Gross, Simon Adingra; Evan Ferguson.
BRIGHTON SUBS: Adam Lallana, Adam Webster, Danny Welbeck, Facundo Buonanotte, Igor, Jason Steele, Julio Enciso, Tariq Lamptey, Valentin Barco.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-3-3): Mats Sels; Harry Toffolo, Murillo, Andrew Omobamidele, Neco Williams; Ryan Yates, Danilo, Nicolas Dominguez; Morgan Gibbs-White, Chris Wood, Divock Origi.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Anthony Elanga, Callum Hudson-Odoi, Cheikhou Kouyate, Felipe, Ibrahim Sangare, Matt Turner, Moussa Niakhate, Taiwo Awoniyi, Willy Boly.
Brighton boss Roberto de Zerbi makes seven changes from Thursday’s 4-0 defeat at Roma. De Zerbi has opted for Bart Verbruggen between the posts instead of Jason Steele. Tariq Lamptey, Igor, Facundo Buonanotte, Danny Welbeck and Julio Enciso drop to the bench, while Billy Gilmour is serving the final game of a three-match suspension. Forward Joao Pedro, who has a hamstring injury, is still out and among those on the Seagulls' injury list.
After time on the sidelines, Forest's Willy Boly and Chris Wood were back in training this week. With Boly only fit enough for the bench, Wood replaces Anthony Elanga. Callum Hudson-Odoi is replaced by Danilo. Midfielder Nicolas Dominguez came off with a minor complaint against Liverpool and was assessed before being deemed fit enough to start today.
Today's official lineup on the south coast sees Michael Salisbury as Referee. His assistants are Matthew Wilkes and Derek Eaton. The fourth official is Robert Jones while Craig Pawson is in the VAR hot seat.
The players arrive out on to the American Express turf to Brighton's signature fanfare music. There's optimism in the air for both sides and respects are exchanged from the players to the crowd and vice versa. Forest have the kick-off and we're underway here!
Already here, we're seeing a possession-based skirmish as both teams look to get an early foot on the ball.
Estupinan fouls Origi on the right side and Forest find themself with a free kick in an interesting position here! Just outside the box, the Ecuadorian points at the ball but the shove was clear.
Verbruggen arranges his wall and Forest have worked a little routine but the wall were wise to it! Williams fires the teed up effort right into the bodies and it's cleared.
When the two sides last met in Premier League action, Brighton came out on top 3-2 at The City Ground in November. Joao Pedro led the Seagulls with two goals, scoring in the 49th and 58th minute. Ferguson also was on target. Elanga and Gibbs-White were on the scoresheet for Forest. With no Pedro today, will it be a different story?
Composure from Dunk here! Origi surges down the right with great power and gets a cross over. Dunk is there and chests it calmly to his goalkeeper Verbruggen. Safe.
Foul by Wood on Adingra. The youngster who shone at AFCON with the Ivory Coast makes a darting drive through midfield and Wood plays an experienced foul. Brighton float the free kick in, yet it's a relatively routine headed clearance for the away side.
First real shot from Brighton. Adingra curls one, but Sels is hardly tested. An easy claim.
Brighton growing in confidence now, and Baleba cuts in from a determined middle-right drive. He bends his left-footed strike just past the post - yet Sels was full stretch to cover his bottom right. Worth a go.
Foul on Wood now. Dunk steps across the Kiwi as he looks to break away after consummate Seagulls' pressure. It was sly to stop the play like that, and it's a foul the England defender has done many a-time no doubt.
Dominguez goes into the book. His first touch on the edge of his box is poor, and as Veltman looks to punish, the Argentine lunges and leaves him sprawled. Poor timing. Certainly a booking.
EXCELLENT SAVE SELS! It was one you'd expect him to make, yet from the right-side free-kick, Gross whips it in and Moder heads powerfully. Sels is reactive and adeptly punches it away. The resulting corner is cleared too. Brighton are in the early ascendency.
While Brighton are easing into control, it's worth looking at their goal output.  Brighton have been indebted to Pedro, Adingra, and Ferguson. Pedro is the club's top scorer with eight goals, followed by Adingra and Ferguson with six each. Can they carry the load in the Brazilian's absence?
There's a bit of a bitty sequence here. Toffolo fouls after a brief scuffle and now, referee Salisbury has gone back to book Omobamidele for a foul on Ansu Fati earlier on. It's fair, it was from behind and rather industrial.
Fati heads over from the free kick on the right. It's a great ball in and the Barcelona loanee is unlucky as Williams gets a vital touch to divert it over. From the next corner, there's bodies everywhere and it breaks out to Baleba... he hits the stands with his powerful effort.
Gibbs-White goes for a bicycle kick here and nearly connects with Veltman instead of the ball!
As that effort from Gibbs-White was far from skilled, who has been skilled in front of goal for Forest? The leading attacking threats have been Chris Wood and Taiwo Awoniyi, who have netted eight and six times, respectively. Gibbs-White has a little bit of practice due if he wants to catch up with attempts like that bicycle kick.
On home soil this season, Brighton have secured 24 points (W6 D6 L1) from a possible 39 on offer in 13 Premier League contests. The Seagulls are in the midst of an 11-match home unbeaten streak (Wins 5 Draws 6 Losses 0) dating to September 2023 against Newcastle United.
Ferguson and Adingra are proving to be a nuisance for Forest! The Ivorian bolts down the right before keeping the ball in on the byline with a snapping pull back to the near post. His young Irish teammate is there but can only fire at Sels who blocks well!
Foul here by Omobamidele on Fati on the left and he has to be careful! He is on a booking... if he keeps lunging in like that, Santo may have to have a word or take him off.
IT'S A GOAL FOR BRIGHTON BUT IT'S AN OWN GOAL! Omobamidele is the unfortunate player to have got the last touch from Gross' free-kick. Sels came to collect at the near post but the defender clipped it past the stopper! Forest wanted a foul for the goal-line congestion, yet their appeals fall flat on deaf ears! 1-0!
Great save Verbruggen! Origi is through on the right but the young Dutchman stands his ground and blocks the low drive with his feet! Great goalkeeping!
Forest have admittedly reacted pretty well from going behind and earn a corner. That said, Brighton are hardly tested and clear well.
This reactive state is good for Forest. They seek to address a poor run of results on the road this season with three draws, eight losses, and just two wins in league away contests. Forest are on a three-match away winless streak (W0 D1 L2). The last time they won away was December 2023 against Newcastle United.
Gibbs-White shows initiative but not the finished product. He works it well inside on his right but drags it wide left of the goal.
So near so far as Forest just can't get the final ball right. It's clipped over the top on the right wing, yet it's just too far. The flag going up from the linesman presents a bleak summary of this Forest first half.
Fati goes into the book. Where he's previously been fouled a couple of times, his attempt at tackling is just as bad and he brings down Williams, overshooting the ball while he goes.
There's a break in play for Dunk. Down with a head injury, he took a knock in the last clearance. Correct precautions are being taken with the big defender.
He's up and it looks to be from Williams' cross on the right that struck the centre-back in the face. He must've been slightly dazed, but good to go.
We're approaching the break and Forest really need to regroup with words from Nuno. Williams commits a frustrated tackle on Fati on the left. Perhaps that one was revenge for the Spaniard's earlier poor tackle. That could be an interesting duel to watch in the second period.
Three minutes of added time have been signalled.
HALF-TIME: BRIGHTON 1-0 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
Brighton lead 1-0 here at a drizzly American Express Stadium but not thanks to a Brighton player. That's right, while Forest haven't found favour at the top end of the pitch, they've managed to beat their own keeper. That's not to say the hosts hadn't been dangerous. Omobamidele capped an unfortunate sequence with an own goal on the 29th minute. He gave away the initial foul on Fati and was unlucky to get in the way of his shot-stopping teammate as he came for the ball. Forest wanted a foul on the goal line, but it never came. Instead, they converted this season's 32nd own goal in total. Although they looked promising in response, it's been a case of missing the final ball. Brighton's xG sits at 0.38 after that period. For Forest, they'll look to vastly improve on an xG of 0.16.
Forest will be looking down at the wrong end of the league table if they cannot turn things around in the second half at the Amex. Nuno's side are just three points clear of 18th-placed Luton Town, who have played a game fewer, and the visitors desperately need a response here. Brighton, meanwhile, have somewhat atone for the midweek thrashing by Roma with a decent performance in the opening period.
Brighton get us back underway with Gross.
So, Forest have work to do. From losing positions this term, they've mustered 19 points. Can they add to this tally?
Origi goes close! From the mirrored position of his testing effort which Verbruggen saved low in the first period, the Belgian flies free on the right. He has less composure this time and blazes over.
Forest have a free-kick after Ferguson illustrates why he's not a defender. Murillo stands over it from about 25 yards. Instead of a floated ball, he's selfish and fires straight at the keeper from range. Poor.
Forest have definitely stepped up compared to the earlier 45 minutes. Dunk is forced into a vital clearance behind for a corner to the visitors. Some towering red shirts are present, yet Brighton deal with the threat - even if Verbruggen botched the initial punch.
Some top work from Estupinan is unfortunately unrewarded. He darts forward on the left and cuts back across the box to find Adingra. The Ivorian tries a cross but a block ricochets off him for a goal-kick.
Williams enters the book. Estupinan anticipates the former Liverpool youngster at the right byline and the wing-back bodies his ball-shielding marker. The tackle was bad enough, but the banker was definitely the verbal assault on referee Salisbury.
Fati has an effort. It was always going to be tricky - hitting a bouncing ball - yet he gets over it and blasts straight at Sels.
Ferguson comes off for Welbeck. It's experience on for youth as Brighton look to add to their slender lead.
Perhaps sensing Forest's potential threat, the booked Fati comes off for Lamptey - a player who also provides a defensive aspect.
Danilo is swapped for Sangare. He could help with a more boisterous feel in possession.
Forest going for a different dynamic as Origi makes way for Elanga. That's two clear enough chances that he's squandered today.
Among the 123 managers to take charge of 50+ Premier League matches, De Zerbi has the highest overall goals-per-game ratio of any of them (3.42, 202 in 59 matches). By comparison, Forest manager Nuno ranks 99th in this list (2.49 per game). Clearly the Portuguese is having an impact on this one.
Estupinan fouls Elanga. In this case, it's the two subs linking up - Sangare punched over a lovely flighted pass to the Swede on the right. The bounce was unkind and Estupinan bundled the former Manchester United man over. The free-kick is cleared.
Forest aren't happy. They want a red for Moder's seemingly studded approach on Williams - yet Salisbury decides a yellow is enough. Gibbs-White could be in trouble too for a raised leg in the build-up. VAR are having a look.
The VAR decision runs in accordance with Salisbury. Moder stays on the dance floor. VAR's Craig Pawson certainly didn't kill the mood for Brighton fans.
Add it to the list. Yet another free-kick comes to nothing and drifts behind. Yawn.
BIG save from Verbruggen down to his left! It was an excellent ball from Gibbs-White as he picked out Wood. However, despite striking well at the ever-evasive ball - Verbruggen was equal to it smartly. An added bonus was the collective defensive intelligence to clear.
Dominguez is swapped for Hudson-Odoi. Has he got a goal in him?
Yates comes off for Awoniyi, as Nuno searches for a response from the bench.
Bit of trivia here, Hudson-Odoi recently won Forest's goal of the month competition. The winger found the bottom corner from the edge of the area with an excellent curling effort, as Forest claimed a point in a 1-1 draw against Bournemouth. The goal received 43 per cent of the total vote.
Igor emerges for Estupinan as Brighton look to cement a win here in the final 15 minutes.
Hmm, maybe a telling sign that Moder got away with one... He is withdrawn for Enciso.
That's close, but just outside the area! Hudson-Odoi is clearly a great choice from the bench as Veltman can't deal with the tricky winger's pace. He cuts in from the left and gets tripped by the Dutchman. It's right on the edge here for Gibbs-White to take.
Great positon. Poor strike. Gibbs-White hits a quite frankly tame free-kick into Verbruggen's grateful arms.
They've got a serious player here. Adingra is replaced by Lallana - and despite not being on the scoresheet, the young Ivorian receives a great applause for his offensive efforts.
Well, Lamptey was said to involve a defensive aspect, but his first telling involvement has won his side a corner. He flew down the left and whipped a great low cross over. It had to be cleared as Welbeck was lurking. Brighton get the corner but it comes to nothing.
We've reached another strong spell of Brighton possession here. One can't be sure they should continue like this until the end with the added time on offer these days, but they seem in control.
ENCISO! Wow, just wide of the top-left corner. It was a brilliant, moving effort from the Paraguayan. He definitely has those in the locker! What a late wake-up call for everyone in the stadium!
Gibbs-White's race is run. On comes Kouyate as his replacement.
Watching Brighton pass makes this commentator think they could play football in a lift! Unbelievable technique from De Zerbi's side. Clearly, the training has been meticulous to say the least!
There's still time... We have six minutes of added time to negotiate here.
KOUYATE CLOSE! A flighted free-kick from deep goes to the left post. Kouyate is arriving and heads a speculative effort on Verbruggen's goal. The 'keeper is a little unsettled but is thankful it floats just too high and nestles on the roof off the net.
Kouyate provides a continued dynamic to Forest. Although, this time, it's not an effort on goal. It's a handball. He then fouls Gross after he whips out a deft backheel flick. Pascal, you should know you don't try that when Kouyate carnage is underway!
Brighton have a corner on the left. They keep it short. Another one is to follow. Frustrating here, for anyone of a Forest persuasion.
Sangare rises to Brighton's time management. Chops down Gross and gives him a bit of verbal for good measure too. Yellow card.
FULL-TIME: BRIGHTON 1-0 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
It's all getting bit silly. Lallana is booked after his part in shoving Sangare and again, eating more seconds away.
This one won’t exactly go down as a classic, yet Brighton won’t care with this key 1-0 victory. They've got the vital three points to fuel their continued European dreams even amid the most determined of Nottingham Forest’s efforts. Where Brighton made goalkeeper Sels work, it was ultimately Omobamidele that would cause the most problems for his team-mate, as his own goal just before the 30 minute mark proved to be decisive. Up the other end, Verbruggen remained strong against Nuno's side - with two notable shots from Origi being their best chances to get even, the Dutchman saved one - and watched the other sail into the stands. Brighton push on in now in eighth and face Roma in their Europa League round-of-16 second leg. Forest meanwhile, still look over their shoulders at the relegation zone in 17th place and ready themselves for Saturday's crucial game against 18th-placed Luton Town. Thank you for joining us this afternoon, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to this live text commentary of the Premier League match between Chelsea and Newcastle United at Stamford Bridge!
Pressure is building again on Chelsea boss Mauricio Pochettino, with his side in the bottom half and nine points adrift of the top six ahead of this match. The away fans appeared to turn on the coach at last week's draw at Brentford, so he will hope for a return to winning ways back at the Bridge.
Newcastle are just one place above Chelsea in 10th, albeit four points better off. They can climb as high as seventh with a win and may have revenge on their minds after exiting the EFL Cup at Chelsea in dramatic fashion back in December. The Magpies did win the reverse league fixture 4-1 at St James' Park.
Let's get the team news...
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Djordje Petrovic; Malo Gusto, Axel Disasi, Trevoh Chalobah, Marc Cucurella; Enzo Fernandez, Moises Caicedo; Cole Palmer, Conor Gallagher, Raheem Sterling; Nicolas Jackson.
CHELSEA SUBS: Robert Sanchez, Thiago Silva, Mykhailo Mudryk, Noni Madueke, Carney Chukwuemeka, Cesare Casadei, Deivid Washington, Alfie Gilchrist, Josh-Kofi Acheampong.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Martin Dubravka; Tino Livramento, Fabian Schar, Sven Botman, Dan Burn; Sean Longstaff, Bruno Guimaraes, Joe Willock; Miguel Almiron, Alexander Isak, Anthony Gordon.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Loris Karius, Jamaal Lascelles, Matt Ritchie, Matt Targett, Emil Krafth, Jacob Murphy, Elliot Anderson, Joe White, Lewis Miley.
Sterling is restored to the Chelsea line-up as they revert to a back four, but there are injury concerns in defence. Levi Colwill and Ben Chilwell miss out entirely, meaning Cucurella starts at left-back. Seventeen-year-old defender Acheampong is named in a Premier League matchday squad for the first time.
Former Chelsea full-back Livramento is in for injured Newcastle right-back Kieran Trippier, while Burn takes the captain's armband. Almiron replaces Murphy, who drops to the bench alongside the returning Targett. Harvey Barnes is out, however, reportedly with a hamstring issue, and Lewis Hall is ineligible against his parent club.
KICK-OFF: Fernandez gets the action under way for Chelsea!
Newcastle are first to come forward when Willock races away from Caicedo in the midfield, but the attack down the left comes to nothing.
After a shift in approach last week that saw Newcastle sit off Wolves a little, they are back to their high-pressing game. Chelsea are struggling to get out of their own third in the opening minutes.
Sterling brings the ball forward, holding off a challenge from Schar on halfway, but Palmer's cross is poor. There are a few jeers for Livramento, a Chelsea academy product, as he collects the loose ball.
CHELSEA LEAD! JACKSON! 1-0! This goal comes a little against the run of play, but it is a lovely finish from Jackson to give Chelsea a much-needed opener. Botman fails to clear a cross from the right, then he is slow to get out and Jackson is unmarked to flick Palmer's low cross-shot into the bottom corner.
It initially looks as though it could be Palmer's goal as the ball creeps beyond Dubravka, but his effort is heading wide until Jackson intervenes.
There is a stoppage as Caicedo goes down in the middle of the pitch following a challenge with Guimaraes. There does not appear to be a great deal in it, and the Chelsea man is soon back on his feet.
Newcastle are back on the front foot after conceding, but it is they who will have to be wary of Chelsea's threat on the counter now, rather than the other way around. It was such a frustrating goal for Eddie Howe's side to concede after a relatively bright start.
Chelsea's goal does not necessarily mean there is no route back into the match for Newcastle. After winning seven of their first eight league games under Pochettino in which they scored first, the Blues are winless in three such matches.
Palmer threatens again! Gordon gives the ball away to Gusto, who advances and finds Palmer. The winger cuts inside and drives a low shot straight at Dubravka.
Gordon is moving a little uneasily after a sprint down the left in pursuit of a long ball. He, like Palmer, will be keen to impress in this match, with England manager Gareth Southgate in the crowd.
Schar brings the ball out of defence and goes for goal from range, but he blasts high and wide under pressure.
Livramento is the latest player to go down, appearing to land awkwardly on his ankle in an aerial challenge with Cucurella. The right-back, in for injured team-mate Trippier, is back on his feet.
Chelsea looked a little nervy prior to their goal, but they have settled with that strike, able to themselves sit off a little and let Newcastle find a way to break them down.
Newcastle are seeing plenty of the ball but too often missing the final pass, while Chelsea are happy to shoot on sight. Jackson is the latest to let fly, albeit he does not really catch his shot and Dubravka can gather.
Palmer runs at Burn, eventually cutting inside to pick out Fernandez in the middle of the pitch, 20 yards from goal. There is not really an angle for a shot, however, and the effort from Fernandez is high and wide.
Livramento is in the thick of the action, frustrated a couple of minutes earlier when he did not win a foul from Cucurella, he is barged over by Jackson and gets the decision. It provides little respite for Newcastle, though, who are struggling a little now.
Another Chelsea shot from distance sees Caicedo scuff wide. They are getting openings, though, with Newcastle too often losing the ball in attack and struggling to get back.
Almiron and Gordon have switched sides, with Gusto causing some problems and Gordon making little progress. Newcastle's star man this season, looking to become the first Magpie to score in three straight Premier League games against Chelsea, Gordon will be aiming to get involved on the right.
Gordon gets involved for the first time on the right and almost feeds Isak, with Petrovic quick off his line to intervene. This is a slightly better spell from Newcastle, who have lacked a little imagination.
Fernandez is called over to the referee for a word after a foul on Livramento. It is a let-off for Newcastle, with Chelsea hounding their opponents on halfway.
Guimaraes' deep free-kick is kept alive by Botman, whose header back into the box causes problems. The ball breaks to Gordon, whose shot is deflected behind by Cucurella.
Newcastle make a real mess of their corner, going short and misplacing consecutive passes to slow their momentum. Chelsea recover and force the visitors back into their own half.
Gordon is down again, this time after a foul by Cucurella. There is not a great deal in the challenge, but the Newcastle man is clutching his knee, which he appeared to injure earlier in the half, and will require treatment.
Gordon is going to have to come off. He took a knock early on and has not looked himself since then. That injury is a huge blow to Newcastle's hopes in this match and to Gordon's own aspirations of making the England squad.
Murphy, who was dropped for this game, is on for Gordon to play from the right.
Murphy is immediately involved, taking the free-kick won by Gordon, and his teasing delivery just evades both Botman and Burn in the centre.
Almost a first real chance for Newcastle! Murphy sends in another dangerous cross, which reaches Almiron on the far side. He also centres, and Willock is the target in front of goal. Cucurella challenges the midfielder, however, and the ball loops behind, leaving Willock furious no corner is awarded.
Sterling is the first man in the book for a clear trip on Livramento, who had got away down the right.
Another Murphy free-kick this time finds a team-mate, but Isak heads over the top. The forward was a long way from goal and might have been offside.
ISAK EQUALISES! NEWCASTLE ARE LEVEL AT 1-1! Chelsea lose the ball cheaply in their own half, and Guimaraes picks out Isak on the left, who places a fine, firm finish into the bottom-right corner. Newcastle had created little, but that is a real moment of quality.
The passage of play in the build-up to the goal is so scruffy until Guimaraes wins possession, puts his foot on the ball and finds Isak. That excellent work is rewarded with some superb centre-forward play.
OFFSIDE! JACKSON IS DENIED! The Chelsea forward really should not be caught offside but goes too early before running at Botman, seeing the Newcastle defender slip, and firing past Dubravka. It remains 1-1.
There will be a minimum of four minutes of added time, primarily due to Gordon's injury.
Willock runs onto a Schar pass and looks to be in behind the Chelsea defence but shoots over under pressure from Disasi. The flag goes up for offside, but replays suggest the Newcastle man was the right side of the last man, so that would have counted had he kept his shot under control.
Sterling shoots straight at Dubravka! This is perhaps the best chance Chelsea have crafted since scoring. Gusto smartly works space for a cross from the right, which Gallagher nods down to Sterling. The winger delays his shot, finally working a clear sight of goal but driving straight at the goalkeeper.
HALF-TIME: Chelsea 1-1 Newcastle United
Both sides might be frustrated as they head into the break at 1-1. Jackson's improvised finish gave Chelsea the lead after a nervy start, but Isak's own fine strike restored parity before the break. Chelsea's sloppiness contributed to that equaliser, which came from nowhere after Newcastle had failed to turn promising possession into chances. The loss of Gordon to injury certainly has not helped the visitors' cause.
Chelsea have the slight edge in terms of expected goals at the break (0.63-0.44), but there have been few clear-cut chances. Newcastle games always tend to have goals, though; their matches this season have averaged 3.8, second only to Liverpool's 4.0 in 2013-14. Will there be more in the second half?
KICK-OFF: Isak gets the game back under way for the second half.
Almiron forces a save from Petrovic! Chelsea are playing with fire at the back, trying to keep possession under pressure, and Newcastle win it. Isak holds off Caicedo and feeds Almiron, who thumps a powerful effort straight at Petrovic. The goalkeeper can only parry behind for a corner.
What a ball from Guimaraes! His pass created the equaliser, and after a short corner, he comes up with perhaps an even better delivery. The midfielder's inswinging cross from the left evades everyone and skids past the far post with Petrovic scrambling.
Jackson stays down after a foul from Longstaff just inside the Newcastle half. He gets back to his feet but is not impressed by an exchange of words with Willock.
Now Almiron is limping a little. Newcastle have lost Barnes, who did not make the matchday squad, and Gordon to injury already. So soon after regaining a full complement of wing options, their wide men are dropping like flies again.
Palmer drives Chelsea forward for the first time in this second half. He makes light work of Burn and Longstaff on the right, shimmying past the pair of them, but a low cross evades his team-mates.
The game is flowing from one end to the other... but chiefly due to a lack of quality. Isak fails to pick out either Almiron or Willock following a Newcastle break, then Palmer gives the ball straight back to Almiron on the edge of the Newcastle box.
Again Chelsea counter after Almiron's cross is cut out. Palmer tees Sterling up to run at Botman, but he does little to work an angle and ends up shooting well wide of the near post.
That was Sterling's first involvement in the second half, having been very quiet before the break. He looks to be playing through the middle now after starting wide on the left.
Chelsea keep the pressure on for an extended period after Almiron's poor pass initially sets up Sterling for an attack. Newcastle are standing firm for now but struggling to get out.
PALMER RESTORES CHELSEA'S LEAD! 2-1! It had been coming! After a series of Newcastle mistakes, a moment of quality comes from the left boot of Palmer, who finds space between Newcastle's midfield and defence and drills a low shot beyond Dubravka.
Fernandez's pass breaks the line, but there is still so much for Palmer to do from outside the box, even if Dubravka might hope to do better.
BURN SAVES NEWCASTLE! That could have been the game for Sterling and Chelsea! The winger gets in behind and is then helped out by a poor touch from Schar, pushing the ball further in front of his opponent. Sterling is slowed by the advancing Dubravka but rounds the goalkeeper, only to shoot straight at Burn on the line, allowing the defender to block bravely. Schar breathes a sigh of relief and clears.
Back come Newcastle, and Isak curls over from outside the box. They will hope that sloppy spell does not prove costly as it looks like it may.
Newcastle were on top at the start of the second half but have been unable to arrest the change in momentum that led to Chelsea's second goal. They now need to again find a spark to get back into the match.
The visitors are at least back in control of the possession, but their latest attempted attack sees a Livramento cross cut out just in front of Isak.
Chance for Burn! Murphy lifts a free-kick into the middle of the area, where Burn is up highest but heads well wide when he might do better. The Newcastle captain stays down, too, after a difficult landing.
Burn is able to walk off the pitch but seemingly cannot continue as right-back Krafth is introduced. Livramento will likely switch to left-back.
Anderson, recently back from injury, also comes on for Newcastle, replacing Almiron and looking to add some creativity in the final third.
Sterling makes way for Mudryk, whose late equaliser against Newcastle in December kept Chelsea in the EFL Cup.
Petrovic is booked for time-wasting, having been warned moments earlier and again delayed the taking of a goal-kick.
Another Chelsea booking! Caicedo is a little unfortunate to be the man punished for fouling Livramento, who was already stumbling after a rash lunge from Fernandez.
Murphy goes short with the free-kick won by Livramento, gets the ball back from Guimaraes and wins a corner from Mudryk on the left.
Murphy's corner is really poor, with Mudryk clearing back to him at the near post. A second cross is too close to Petrovic, who holds on.
Now Chelsea are struggling to get out. Longstaff's cross is almost nodded back towards danger by Willock, with Isak just beaten to the ball but Chelsea resorting to hacked clearances.
Krafth crosses, and again Willock is there at the far post. His knockdown runs for Livramento, who blasts goalwards but strikes a Chelsea defender.
MUDRYK SCORES AGAINST NEWCASTLE AGAIN! 3-1! This is a brilliant goal following a rapid Chelsea counter. Mudryk charges onto the ball on the edge of the box but shows composure to nutmeg Schar and round Dubravka before just evading Krafth's covering challenge on the line with his finish.
Mudryk takes the ball off the toes of Gallagher, who does not appear to know his team-mate is there but is more than happy to watch him go on and do it all himself.
Newcastle keep pushing, but that is going to leave more space at the other end. Jackson plays a square pass to Palmer just inside the box, and his feint almost opens up space for a shot before Dubravka dashes out to intervene.
The Chelsea fans are cheering every pass now, clearly enjoying what looks to be a vital win as the final 10 minutes approach.
Another Newcastle double-change perhaps indicates Howe knows the game has gone. Willock makes way for Miley in the first switch.
Guimaraes, who remains one booking away from suspension, is replaced by White for only his second Premier League appearance.
It is a very young Newcastle XI on the pitch now. They are still trying to find a route back into the match, but there is a mountain to climb two goals down at this stage.
Murphy's teasing cross flashes across the face of goal, just evading Isak in the middle. Anderson then cheaply gives up possession on the far side but does well to race back and halt the counter.
Murphy, comfortably the oldest attacking player left in black and white, is the man driving Newcastle forward in the closing stages, winning a corner on the right with a deflected cross.
Palmer is afforded an early exit after a goal and an assist in another sparkling showing in front of England manager Southgate. Casadei is on.
Murphy's corner from the right prompts a scramble in the box, but Newcastle cannot get a meaningful touch to the ball, and Chelsea recover.
Longstaff is lazily caught on the ball, allowing Mudryk to break. Murphy matches him stride for stride and clatters the winger as he crosses from the right. Dubravka gathers, and no foul is given.
MURPHY GETS NEWCASTLE BACK IN IT AT 3-2! WHAT A HIT! The winger has looked the man most likely for the Magpies, and he thunders high past Petrovic after spinning Cucurella on the edge of the box. Surely Newcastle cannot recover a point from here?!
Miley's pass into Murphy's feet does not hint at an assist, but the winger shrugs off Cucurella and scores a brilliant goal.
There will be a minimum of six minutes of added time for Newcastle to find a leveller!
Chelsea make a change that already looked to be planned, with Chukwuemeka on for Jackson.
Chelsea look to respond with a fourth goal, but Gallagher's ambitious effort is plucked out of the air by Dubravka.
Newcastle are pushing! They advance down the right again, with Isak eventually crossing but finding only the gloves of Petrovic.
White foolishly drags back Mudryk, earning a yellow card and conceding a free-kick that should allow Chelsea to run down the clock.
Newcastle's last throw of the dice sees a long ball launched into the box. Anderson wins the header but can only direct it harmlessly behind from the left side of the area. That will be that.
FULL-TIME: Chelsea 3-2 Newcastle United
Chelsea celebrate a big win, holding on to defeat Newcastle United 3-2 and move within a point of their opponents and the top half. The trend of entertaining Newcastle scorelines continues, but this is not a game they will reflect on fondly as only a late flurry caused the Blues some nerves. Jackson's opener was cancelled out by Isak, yet a sloppy Newcastle spell in the second half allowed Palmer to restore the home side's lead. Mudryk added a third on the counter, meaning Murphy's brilliant late strike proved only a consolation. Attention for both teams now turns to the FA Cup, with Chelsea at home to Leicester City as Newcastle go to Manchester City. That's all from Stamford Bridge. Thanks for joining us, and until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Crystal Palace and Luton Town at Selhurst Park.
The Eagles will be playing their third game under the guidance of new manager Oliver Glasner, who has overseen a 3-0 victory over Burnley and a 3-1 loss away at Tottenham so far. Palace have won three of their last four Premier League games at Selhurst Park (L1), as many as in their previous 13 beforehand (D5 L5). The Eagles have scored exactly three goals in each of those three wins, after having only scored three or more goals in three of their previous 31 home league matches prior to this. Crystal Palace are in 14th place on 28 points, having scored 32 goals and conceded 47. A victory could see them climb above Bournemouth into 13th position if results go their way.
Luton travel to Selhurst Park hoping to do the double over the capital club, having won the previous meeting 2-1 at Kenilworth Road, with Teden Mengi and Jacob Brown scoring their goals. However, Rob Edwards’ side are on a disappointing run of form, losing each of their last four games in the Premier League. The Hatters suffered a 3-2 defeat against Aston Villa at Kenilworth Road in their last Premier League match, extending their winless streak to five (D1 L4), putting them in 18th place on 20 points, four points from safety with 12 matches to play.
CRYSTAL PALACE (3-4-2-1): Sam Johnstone; Chris Richards, Joachim Andersen, Joel Ward; Tyrick Mitchell, Adam Wharton, Jefferson Lerma, Daniel Munoz; Eberechi Eze, Jordan Ayew; Jean-Philippe Mateta.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: James Tomkins, Nathaniel Clyne, Will Hughes, Odsonne Edouard, Naouirou Ahamada, Dean Henderson, Luke Plange, Kaden Rodney, David Ozoh.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-2-1): Thomas Kaminski; Teden Mengi, Gabriel Osho, Reece Burke; Alfie Doughty, Ross Barkley, Jordan Clark, Issa Kabore; Tahith Chong, Chiedozie Ogbene; Carlton Morris.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: James Shea, Luke Berry, Cauley Woodrow, Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu, Tim Krul, Daiki Hashioka, Andros Townsend, Zack Nelson, Axel Piesold.
Glasner has named an unchanged side from Palace’s 3-1 defeat away to Tottenham in the Premier League last time out. The Austrian manager is still working out his best team after a few weeks in charge, and he’s given the previous starting XI another chance to impress.
Meanwhile, Edwards has made two alterations from Luton’s 3-2 defeat at home to Aston Villa in their previous game. In defence, Amari'i Bell misses out due to injury, and Osho comes into the starting XI. Ogbene will also come into the side, with Townsend dropping to the bench.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
Morris gets the game under way for Luton at Selhurst Park!
Clark looks to find Kabore down the right-hand side and he battles with Mitchell, winning a throw-in deep inside the Palace half. Play resumes and Kabore manages to win a corner, and Doughty will take. He delivers towards the back post and Morris heads towards goal, but Mateta is there to clear.
Barkley has gone down inside the Palace penalty area after a clash of heads, and the medical team are on the pitch giving him treatment. There's going to be a delay as the physios treat the English midfielder. The Luton star attempted to head towards goal, but collided with Ward.
Barkley is still receiving treatment and appears to be bleeding from the nose. It's a nasty injury for the former Everton man. After a lengthy delay, he's back on his feet. It looks as though he's going to be able to continue after the Luton medical team patch him up.
Ward sends a ball down the line and Mateta will chase it in beyond the Luton defence. The towering striker gets there and looks to deliver into the penalty area, but Kaminski darts off his line and is able to collect. It's been a cagey affair so far with neither side showing much of a threat in the final third.
GOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!! 1-0 PALACE!! Doughty looks to pass the ball back to his goalkeeper, but he doesn't get enough on it and Munoz races through on goal. He gets there before Kaminski and rounds the goalkeeper. He's forced out wide but he finds Mateta in the middle, and the French striker flicks the ball into the back of the net! It's a wonderful finish!
Munoz did superbly to round the goalkeeper and stay composed, finding Mateta in the middle.
Eze dances through the Luton midfield and feeds the ball out wide to Ayew. The Palace forward takes a touch and delivers into the penalty area towards Mateta, but Kabore gets back well to fire it behind for a corner. Wharton will take and he delivers into the box, but it's headed away from danger.
Ayew twists and turns on the right-hand side of the box and looks to deliver into the danger zone, but his cross is deflected behind for a corner. Wharton is standing over it and he plays it short to Lerma. The Palace midfielder takes a touch before whipping it towards the front post, but Ward sends his header over the bar.
Glasner's side have enjoyed a positive start to the game, producing three shots with one of those being on target. The Eagles are getting into some dangerous areas, but the Palace boss will be hoping to see some better end product in the final third. Edwards' men will have to tighten up at the back.
Chong sends Doughty down the left-hand side and Luton have an opportunity to break. The wing-back delivers into the box, but it's cleared away from danger. Morris is eventually found inside the box unmarked, but his cross is poor and Johnstone comes off his line to collect comfortably.
Clark drives through the middle and looks to find Morris inside the penalty area, but his pass cannons back into his path. He attempts to deliver a cross into the box, but it's deflected behind for a corner. Doughty is there to take and he sends a searching ball towards the back post, but Richards rises highest to head it away.
Palace have a throw-in inside the Luton half and they look to remain patient and keep possession. Richards carries it out of defence and finds Eze. He sends a searching pass beyond the Luton backline to Mitchell, but he can't quite control it and the Hatters win it back.
Kabore goes into the book for a strong challenge on Lerma just outside the Luton penalty area.
From the resulting free-kick, Eze delivers a powerful cross towards the front post. It's headed on by Andersen, but it cannons off Mengi and goes behind for a corner. Palace take it short and it comes to Lerma who unleashes an ambitious effort from range, but it strikes a defender and flies into the stands behind the goal.
Wharton finds Eze inside the Luton penalty area and he tussles with Mengi with his back to goal. The English midfielder turns and looks to strike it, but it's a tame effort and it flies into the air, with Kaminski coming off his line to gather comfortably.
Doughty is found on the left-hand side and he gets the ball out of his feet before looking to deliver it into the box, but it cannons off Munoz and goes behind for another corner. It's whipped towards the back post and Osho wins the initial header, but the Eagles are able to clear away from danger.
Mateta tussles with Mengi and drives with the ball down the right-hand side, but the Luton defender brings him down with a strong challenge. The Palace forward looks in a bit of discomfort, but he should be fine to continue. Wharton and Eze are standing over the free-kick and the former delivers it, but it evades everyone and goes behind for a goal-kick.
Eze receives a yellow card for bringing down Burke as Luton looked to break away.
Eze fires the ball into the feet of Mateta, who holds off the Luton defenders before laying it into the path of Ayew. The Palace forward drives towards the penalty area and gets it out of his feet before unleashing from range, but Kaminski gets down to his right to make the stop and holds onto the ball.
What a chance! Clark receives the ball in the middle and looks to pass it back to his goalkeeper. It's almost a carbon copy of the earlier goal as Mateta rushes in to get there first. He takes it past Kaminski and looks to chip it back towards goal, but he fails to hit the target! He has to be scoring from there!
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of four minutes of added time at the end of the first half.
Luton win a free-kick deep inside the Palace half as Andersen drags Morris to the ground. The Hatters have a chance to fill the box in the final few minutes of the half. Barkley delivers into the box and Osho flicks it towards goal, but his header loops over the bar and lands on the roof of the net.
HALF-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 1-0 LUTON TOWN
Crystal Palace go into the break with a 1-0 lead over Luton Town at Selhurst Park. Glasner will be the happier of the two managers at half-time with his side showing plenty of attacking threat in the final third. The home team have limited their opposition for the most part, with the Eagles enjoying the better chances. Palace opened the scoring in the first half after Doughty's pass back towards his own goalkeeper was intercepted by Muniz, and the wing-back did superbly to find Mateta in the penalty area, and his clever flick rolled into the back of the net. Glasner's men kept on pushing and should have found a second after Mateta pounced on another mistake at the back, but his dink over Kaminski trickled wide of the post. Edwards will be desperate to see his side tighten up at the back, while they need to provide more of a threat going forward.
Luton have created just 0.09 expected goals (xG) in the game so far from two shots. Palace have produced 1.1 expected goals and look the more likely to grab the second goal of the game. The Eagles have managed six shots inside the opposition box, forcing Kaminiski into one save. It wouldn't be a surprise to see Edwards make an early change after the break, with Townsend, who started in their previous fixture, waiting in the wings. Glasner might not want to alter his side too much with his game plan working so far. The home team will be desperate to find a second goal early on after half-time, with the Hatters capable of producing goals out of nothing.
Ayew gets the second half under way for Palace at Selhurst Park!
What a chance! Wharton finds Eze on the left-hand side and he delivers into the penalty area. Munoz has burst forward from defence and he tussles with Burke. He looks to head towards goal from just a few yards out, but he doesn't connect with the header and the opportunity goes begging.
Lerma chips the ball to Ayew who has found space inside the penalty area. He spots the run of Munoz on the overlap and finds him. The Palace wing-back looks to pull it to the edge of the box where Ayew is waiting, but the Luton defenders rush back in numbers to intercept and clear the danger.
Palace have a throw-in deep inside the opposition half and Munoz finds Ward. The ball is pumped into the box towards Eze who controls superbly. He gets it out of his feet and strikes it, but his effort flies into the stands behind the goal and Luton will have a goal-kick.
Glasner's side are asserting their dominance in the second half and Luton have struggled to create too many chances. Edwards' men are yet to touch the ball inside the opposition box since the break, and Palace have barely looked troubled from a defensive standpoint.
Burke goes into the book for a strong challenge as Palace look to counter-attack.
Wharton drives through the middle of the park and finds Lerma, and he shifts the ball to Eze on the edge of the Luton penalty area. He twists and turns before working it into his left foot and he strikes from outside of the box, but it's a tame effort and Kaminski can gather comfortably.
Edwards makes a change as Hashioka enters the fray. Mengi is the player to head to the bench.
Andersen finds himself in space between the Luton midfield and defence and he picks out Mateta on the edge of the area. Ayew has made a run outside of him and the French forward lays it into his path. He strikes towards goal with his right, but the Hatters get plenty of bodies in the way and block the shot.
Chance for Luton! Doughty receives a pass out wide and looks to take on Munoz. He shifts it out of his feet before delivering into the penalty area. Morris gets there first and heads towards goal, but it's straight at Johnstone and the Palace goalkeeper makes a comfortable save.
Morris drives down the left-hand side of the pitch and bursts past Anderson before attempting to find a team-mate in the box, but his cross deflects off the Palace centre-back and goes behind for a corner. Doughty will deliver, but it's headed behind by Andersen. The Luton wing-back will take again, but Richards is able to clear the danger.
Glasner makes an alteration in attack as Ahamada comes off the bench. Ayew will make way for Palace.
Luton are enjoying more of the possession in the second half, managing to have 55.6 per cent of the ball. However, Edwards' side have struggled to turn that into clear-cut opportunities and have attempted just one shot since the break.
Huge chance for Palace! Eze feeds the ball to Mitchell inside the penalty area and he stands up his marker before creating space for a cross. He whips a dangerous delivery into the box and Mateta is there to meet it from just a few yards out, but his volley is somehow saved by Kaminski! What a stop!
The ball comes to Ahamada outside of the box and he strikes from range, but his effort is blocked. Luton are able to clear and Palace regain possession. The Eagles can't quite find a breakthrough in the final third and it's a slender lead for Glasner's side, so they will have to be wary at the back.
There's a bit of delay as Osho goes down and he requires treatment from the Palace physios. He's eventually back to his feet and he heads towards the side of the pitch, and there's some activity on the Luton bench. He could be heading off.
Glasner makes a change in attack and it's a straight swap, with Edouard coming on for Mateta.
Osho's game is over after his injury, and Woodrow comes on to replace him.
Palace make an alteration in the middle of the park. Hughes comes off the bench in place of Wharton.
So close! Eze receives the ball just inside the Luton half and he spots Kaminski off his line. He attempts an ambitious strike from near the halfway line and his strike is heading towards goal, but it doesn't quite dip in time and it bounces off the roof of the net! What an effort!
Luton hit the bar! Doughty's cross into the penalty area looks as though it's heading out for a goal-kick, but Ogbene does superbly to help it back into the danger zone. His looping delivery is heading towards goal, but it bounces off the top of the bar and goes behind.
Munoz is the latest player to receive a yellow for a late challenge on Chong.
Luton make an attacking alteration, with Ogbene heading off and Townsend entering the fray.
Edwards rolls the dice once again with Nelson sent on in the final few minutes. Chong is the player to be replaced.
Edwards makes a change in midfield, with Berry coming on to replace Clark.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of six minutes of added time at the end of the game.
Berry receives a yellow for a reckless challenge as Palace attempted to counter-attack.
Palace are continuing to push for a second goal as Mitchell feeds Eze on the edge of the penalty area. The English midfielder turns well before poking an effort towards goal, but it's deflected behind for a corner. Eze will take and it's delivered into the box, but Morris is there to head away from danger.
Off the bar! Luton appeal for a free-kick but the referee is having none of it and Mitchell finds Edouard in space. He drives towards the penalty area and produces a powerful effort from the edge of the box, and it flies towards goal before slamming against the bar! The Eagles are searching for a second.
GOOOAAAAALLLL!! 1-1!! LUTON EQUALISE! The Hatters throw everything forward and Townsend gets the ball out of his feet on the right-hand side before delivering a dangerous ball into the penalty area. Woodrow gets there first and flicks it towards goal, and it bounces into the far corner of the net with Johnstone scrambling! Edwards' side find an equaliser in the last few seconds!
Townsend whipped a perfect cross onto the head of Woodrow, who flicked it home.
FULL-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 1-1 LUTON TOWN
Crystal Palace and Luton Town share the points with a 1-1 draw at Selhurst Park. The Eagles started the brighter and were looking a threat in the final third, and it didn't take them long to find the opening goal. Munoz pounced on a mistake at the back from Doughty before rounding the goalkeeper, and his pass into the box was flicked home by Mateta. Glasner's side kept pushing for a second, but Palace went into the break with a slender lead. In the second half, the home team had a host of chances to put the game to bed, with Mateta missing from just a few yards out. The 1-0 advantage was always going to be dangerous as the Hatters threw everything at it in the final few moments, and they found an equaliser late on. Townsend worked the ball onto his left and whipped a dangerous cross into the box, and Woodrow was there to head it home in the final seconds. Luton are on the road again on Wednesday, playing Bournemouth in the Premier League, while Palace will have to wait until 30th March for their next game, where they play Nottingham Forest. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our LIVE coverage of this huge Premier League clash as title rivals Liverpool and Manchester City meet at Anfield!
We're approaching the final stretch in one of the most absorbing title races in Premier League history, with three teams still vying to top the pile. Arsenal are currently at the summit after their hard-fought 2-1 win over Brentford on Saturday, but both Liverpool and City know a victory here would take them into top spot. It's always a massive occasion when teams managed by Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola do battle, and this match has the added significance of being their final Premier League meeting before the German leaves Liverpool at the end of the season. An incredible atmosphere is surely in store – will the Anfield factor help the Reds land a blow in the title race?
City would have been frustrated to drop two points in the reverse fixture between these sides at the Etihad Stadium in November, when Trent Alexander-Arnold's strike cancelled out Erling Haaland's opener. That draw came in the midst of a difficult run for the champions, but they enter this match unbeaten in 20 outings across all competitions, winning 18 of those games. They booked their spot in the UEFA Champions League quarter-finals in midweek and were able to rest a few players in their 3-1 win over Copenhagen, and with Liverpool still battling an injury crisis, they will view this game as a big opportunity to take control of the title race and lead from the front.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Caoimhin Kelleher; Conor Bradley, Jarell Quansah, Virgil van Dijk, Joe Gomez; Alexis Mac Allister, Wataru Endo, Dominik Szoboszlai; Harvey Elliott, Darwin Nunez, Luis Diaz.
LIVERPOOL SUBS: Mohamed Salah, Adrian, Cody Gakpo, Kostas Tsimikas, Andy Robertson, Bobby Clark, James McConnell, Amara Nallo, Lewis Koumas.
MANCHESTER CITY (3-2-4-1): Ederson; Kyle Walker, Manuel Akanji, Nathan Ake; John Stones, Rodri; Bernardo Silva, Julian Alvarez, Kevin De Bruyne, Phil Foden; Erling Haaland.
MANCHESTER CITY SUBS: Ruben Dias, Mateo Kovacic, Jeremy Doku, Stefan Ortega, Sergio Gomez, Josko Gvardiol, Matheus Nunes, Oscar Bobb, Rico Lewis.
The big news for the hosts is that Salah is only fit enough for a place on the bench after recovering from a muscle injury. Klopp has said the Egyptian was never in contention to start, but what an option he could be as a substitute! The Reds' starting XI shows four changes from that which beat Nottingham Forest 1-0 on their last Premier League outing, with Ibrahima Konate out injured as Quansah partners Van Dijk at the back. Nunez, Szoboszlai and Endo also come in, with Gakpo, Clark and Robertson dropping to the bench.
Guardiola, meanwhile, makes just two changes to the City side which beat Manchester United last Sunday, with Akanji replacing Dias and Alvarez taking the place of Doku. It looks like Foden – who has been tipped to win the Premier League's Player of the Season Award – will start out wide, while Haaland leads the line after exchanging barbs with Alexander-Arnold this week. The Liverpool full-back had suggested winning titles 'means more' to Liverpool than to City, and the Norwegian responded by saying Liverpool didn't know what winning the treble meant!
The players emerge from the Anfield tunnel to a wall of noise from the home fans. What an atmosphere we have for what could be the defining game of the season! Kick-off is coming up shortly!
We are under way for this huge meeting of title rivals! Mac Allister with the first kick for the hosts!
Every City touch is being greeted by huge jeers in the early stages. Calm heads will be needed in this cauldron-like atmosphere, as Mac Allister slides in to take a loose ball away from Haaland on halfway.
Two early chances for City! First, De Bruyne's cutback finds Foden advancing into the penalty area, but his touch lets him down and Van Dijk is there to mop up the danger. City come again, though, with Silva sweeping the ball wide to Alvarez, whose low drive is comfortably held by Kelleher. Strong start from the champions!
Alvarez looks to have started on the left-hand side for City, with Foden on the right and Silva playing as one of two eights. The visitors attack down their right again as De Bruyne reaches the byline to cross, but it's beyond Alvarez on the opposite side.
It's getting feisty already. Endo shows great work ethic to dispossess Foden before looking for Szoboszlai on the break, but Walker steps in with a cynical foul on the Hungarian on halfway.
Liverpool are just growing into this after a fast start from City. Ederson's rushed clearance almost drops at the feet of Elliott, but Stones slides in to make a vital challenge just outside his own area.
Another good opening for City on the break! Liverpool are so open as Rodri finds Haaland in space on halfway, and he slips a pass wide for Alvarez. The Argentine's reverse ball then gets De Bruyne to the byline and he has support in the middle, but his uncharacteristically poor cross drops behind!
SAVE! Liverpool give the ball away on halfway yet again and De Bruyne advances towards the edge of the box before letting fly. His 25-yard strike moves in the air, but Kelleher beats it away.
City's first corner of the game comes to nothing before Walker gets back to prevent Nunez from streaking away on the break. The visitors have started confidently here, with Liverpool being caught out in several transitions already.
Liverpool have only lost one of their last 20 home league games against City (13 wins, six draws), a 4-1 defeat behind closed doors in February 2021. City have long struggled on this ground, but they certainly look up for this contest.
However, home and away, the Reds have enjoyed only one win in their last eight Premier League matches against the Citizens (four draws, three losses), a 1-0 victory in this exact fixture at Anfield last season.
Liverpool are yet to manage a touch in City's box and are just looking to settle things down, enjoying a prolonged spell in possession as the rain lashes down at Anfield.
SO CLOSE! Out of nowhere, Liverpool almost open the scoring! Bradley runs at Ake, who is caught in two minds as Elliott makes a clever off-the-ball run behind him. Bradley fires a low ball across the face of goal, but Nunez can't make contact at the back post as he slides in, clattering against the upright!
Nunez is up and looks to be moving okay after colliding with the post. He pulls right to cross towards Szoboszlai, who just fails to bring the ball under his spell near the edge of the box.
This is better from Liverpool! Diaz takes Walker on before chipping a left-footed cross into the middle, but it is just behind Nunez as he twists his neck to send an awkward header wide. The Anfield crowd have been encouraged by this spell of pressure!
Foden's blocked shot bounces back to him and he slips a pass into the feet of Alvarez before getting it back off the Argentine. Van Dijk is there to halt his advance and set Liverpool on the break – there's a great tempo to this game early on!
Walker steps into midfield to foul Szoboszlai again, but he avoids a yellow card, much to the frustration of the home fans.
Ball in the net, but it won't count! Mac Allister releases Nunez into the right-hand channel, and he squares for Diaz to tap into an unguarded net! A huge cheer goes up but is quickly silenced by the linesman's flag – Nunez went far too early when he didn't need to!
City are just rocking a little bit now, as Rodri gives the ball away near the edge of his area and Ake is forced to block Mac Allister's long-range strike. The momentum has definitely flipped in the last few minutes!
City are just looking to reestablish control here, working the ball patiently inside Liverpool's half. It's eventually switched to Foden, but Gomez sticks to his task to block his attempted cross.
Great defending by Van Dijk! City create an overload on the left as Silva receives a pass from Alvarez on the underlap, and his chipped cross looks destined to find Haaland, only for Van Dijk to get back with a great clearing header, guiding it past his own post for a corner.
GOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL! STONES PUTS CITY AHEAD! What a set-piece routine that is! De Bruyne whips a low cross towards the front post, where Ake cleverly blocks Mac Allister to allow Stones to ghost into the six-yard box and prod the ball past Kelleher! 1-0 to the champions!
De Bruyne gets the assist, finding Stones totally unmarked at the near post from the corner!
The team that has scored first has won just two of the last seven Premier League meetings between Liverpool and City, drawing four times and losing once. A good omen for Liverpool?
Liverpool look to hit back immediately as Diaz's shot deflects towards Nunez at the near post, but Ederson smothers the loose ball before the flag is raised against Nunez anyway.
We don't often speak about City's counterattacking prowess, but they look so dangerous on the break here. This time, Silva sweeps a pass towards the run of De Bruyne, and the champions look to have a two versus two situation. However, Van Dijk slides in to block the pass – that was a crucial intervention.
City have lost just one of their last 77 Premier league games when scoring first, going down 2-1 to Manchester United at Old Trafford last January. Can Liverpool find a quick response to Stones' opener?
Liverpool's starting XI for this game has an average age of 25 years and 133 days – their youngest for a Premier League fixture against City since January 2018 (25 years, 74 days); an absolute classic which they won 4-3 at Anfield. The Reds' injury problems have been well-documented, and their inexperience may just have told for the opening goal – nobody tracked Stones' run.
BIG CHANCE FOR 1-1! Bradley offloads to Elliott near the right corner of the box, and he swings a left-footed cross towards the penalty spot. Szoboszlai meets it and perhaps doesn't realise how much time he has, as he sends an acrobatic header into the Kop! That's as close as Liverpool have come.
Liverpool have wrestled back control since going 1-0 down, with City not exactly helping themselves. Nunez's poor pass intended for Diaz is intercepted by Silva, but he immediately gives it away and Bradley fires a shot into Ake, with Ederson diving on the loose ball to prevent the corner.
More good work from Van Dijk, who races back to his own penalty area as Haaland looks to work the angle for a left-footed shot, prodding the ball away for a corner. Will Liverpool defend this one any better?
Foden's deep corner-kick is too high for Ake in the middle, and Liverpool survive. Ten minutes to go until half-time.
Wide! City will have another corner as Haaland holds the ball up for De Bruyne, whose low, left-footed strike cannons wide of the bottom-left corner after hitting Quansah.
De Bruyne delivers this one from the left, but it's cleared by a red shirt and Alvarez fails to keep it alive on the far side. However, possession is soon back with the visitors as Liverpool give it away cheaply – both teams have been guilty of that at times.
After assisting Stones' opener, De Bruyne has been directly involved in 13 goals in 12 appearances for City in 2024 (two goals, 11 assists); the most of any Premier League player across all competitions this calendar year.
What a spectacle that was! Elliott takes too long over his finish after good work from Szoboszlai as Akanji blocks his shot, then City break at lightning speed. Haaland is one-on-one with Van Dijk as two of the world's best go at it in a foot race, with the Norwegian bursting into the left-hand channel before seeing his shot held by Kelleher!
We're into the last five minutes of the opening half here, and this game is still on a knife edge. Liverpool look threatening every time they come forward, but they're giving up plenty of space on the break.
CLOSE TO THE LEVELLER! Szoboszlai bursts over halfway following some sloppy play from City before offloading to his left for Diaz. The Colombian cuts inside Walker before shooting from the edge of the D, and Ederson is scrambling across as it drops just wide of the bottom-right corner. He wouldn't have gotten to that!
For all their promising approach play, Liverpool are yet to hit the target with any of their six shots in this match. City, meanwhile, have done so with four of their six attempts.
Over! There's a huge cry of 'man on' from the home fans, but Van Dijk doesn't hear it in time as Haaland steals possession from behind him. The striker works the ball to Alvarez, but he lifts his shot high into the Anfield Road Stand after cutting inside.
We will finish this first half with two minutes of stoppage time. This game has had a great flow to it.
HUGE CHANCE FOR 2-0! Liverpool are powerless to resist as Walker bursts over halfway before advancing into the penalty area on the right-hand side. Haaland's clever run takes two defenders away to clear the space for Walker to find De Bruyne for a tap-in at the back post, but he overhits the cross and Liverpool escape!
Now Bradley gets into the area at the other end before looking for Nunez inside the six-yard box, but that man Stones is back to make a vital interception.
Save! Szoboszlai goes for goal from the free-kick, but his effort bounces into the hands of Ederson. That will be that for the first half!
Rodri picks up the first yellow card of the game, chopping Mac Allister down as the Argentine jinks his way between challenges inside the City half. Liverpool will have a free-kick 30 yards out, with the half-time whistle imminent.
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 0-1 MANCHESTER CITY.
Michael Oliver blows the whistle for half-time, and City hold a slender 1-0 lead over Liverpool following an action-packed opening period. A clever set-piece routine separates the teams, with Stones poking De Bruyne's corner home at the near post 23 minutes in. Liverpool have had their moments at the other end, with Szoboszlai and Diaz going closest to levelling the scores, but City have looked particularly dangerous on the break. You sense the scoring isn't done here… stay tuned for the second half!
It's surely only a matter of time before we see Salah introduced by Klopp. Liverpool have gotten into plenty of promising positions but have just been found wanting in the final third, with their only shot on target so far a tame free-kick from Szoboszlai on the stroke of half-time. The Reds have just edged the possession battle with 53.3 per cent, but City have created chances worth 1.18 xG (expected goals), compared to the hosts' 0.5.
We are back under way at Anfield as City get the ball rolling again. No half-time changes for either team!
City have won their last nine away matches in all competitions, scoring 25 goals across that run. There have only been six previous instances of a top-flight English side winning 10 or more away games in a row, and two of those have been Guardiola's City (11 between May and November 2017 and 20 between December 2020 and May 2021).
PENALTY TO LIVERPOOL!!! The Reds have a golden opportunity to level the scores, and it's the result of a terrible mistake from Ake! The defender plays a dreadful back pass towards Ederson, and Nunez gets to it first before going down under the goalkeeper's challenge! Oliver wastes no time in pointing to the spot! What a chance for Liverpool.
Ederson is booked for his challenge, and what's more, he seems to have come off worse as he receives treatment from the City medical staff.
Ederson is okay after being looked at by the physios, and this has been a long, anxious wait for Mac Allister. The Argentine steps up for what could be a pivotal moment in this title race…
GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL! IT'S 1-1 AT ANFIELD! Mac Allister fires his spot-kick to Ederson's right, and though the goalkeeper gets a hand to it, he can't keep it out! Game on!
The Liverpool fans are in fine voice now, with their team looking to complete the turnaround. That moment of utter madness from Ake could be a major turning point in the title race!
Liverpool have won more points from losing positions than any other side in the Premier League this season (22). Can they go on to capture three more now?
This is a major worry for City. Ederson goes down again after Nunez is flagged offside, and it looks like he'll need to come off. Ortega is getting ready to replace him.
Ederson looked to have hurt his ankle in the act of conceding the penalty, and he's not been able to shrug that knock off. Ortega takes his place between the sticks. What a torrid start to the second half for the champions.
Both teams are now without their first-choice goalkeepers here. How will Ortega fare upon being dropped into this frantic contest?
City continue to cause their own problems as Rodri is caught in possession, but Szoboszlai's pass towards Nunez is cut out. Silva then clatters Mac Allister at the other end but avoids a booking.
BIG SAVE FROM KELLEHER! Quansah is caught in possession and Alvarez looks for Haaland in the middle, but Gomez cuts his low ball out. City then come again through Foden, who tries to lift his finish over Kelleher at the near post, but the Liverpool stand-in does brilliantly to smother his effort!
Moments after Diaz's loose touch prevents him from breaking through on goal, Silva goes into the book for another heavy challenge . There's not a moment to breathe here!
Substitutes have scored or assisted 22 goals in the Premier League this season for Liverpool (11 goals, 11 assists), with only City in 2011-12 (24) and Arsenal in 2009-10 (23) having more sub goal involvements in a season in the competition. We're about to see Klopp make his first two changes, with Salah and Robertson ready to enter the fray!
Salah gets a great reception as he takes the place of Szoboszlai, which will mean a change of position for Elliott as he shifts from the right wing to a midfield role.
Robertson is on for Bradley, as Gomez switches across to right-back.
Salah has been directly involved in 17 goals in 19 appearances for Liverpool against City in all competitions, scoring 11 and assisting six. It's his highest number of goal involvements against any opponent for the Reds, while his 11 goals are the most any player has scored against sides managed by Guardiola in the Spaniard's top-flight managerial career. Can he make the difference off the bench?
MASSIVE CHANCE FOR LIVERPOOL! Salah immediately creates a golden opportunity, finding Diaz's run with a perfectly weighted throughball. The Colombian bears down on Ortega, completely through on goal, but he steers his side-footed finish wide of the top-right corner! What a let-off for City.
ANOTHER CHANCE FOR DIAZ! Liverpool are utterly dominant now, with Diaz spurning another golden chance. Nunez pulls right to find the Colombian with a cute ball into the area, but he gets his touch all wrong and Walker recovers to prod it behind for a corner. City are on the ropes, can Liverpool take advantage?
CLOSE! Liverpool's corner is only cleared as far as Salah, whose first shot is charged down. It comes back to him and he unleashes a fierce right-footed volley, which flashes just wide of the top-left corner!
SAVE! City simply cannot get out at present. Mac Allister drills a 20-yard effort towards the bottom-right corner this time, and Ortega has to tip it around the post at full stretch! Liverpool are banging on the door.
Guardiola has seen enough – it looks like both Kovacic and Doku are imminent. City have been completely dominated since giving up their lead.
Almost! Robertson swings a deep cross into the area, and though it's nowhere near a red shirt, it almost dips under the crossbar at the far post! Ortega breathes a sigh of relief as it lands on the top of the net!
Here come those City changes. Doku is on for Alvarez, who has been very quiet since half-time.
Wow. De Bruyne is the other player to be taken off, and he's not happy about it, giving Guardiola an earful as he makes his way to the dugout. Kovacic is on for the Belgian.
Doku has gone out to the left flank as City try to wrestle back control of this game, with Foden now playing more centrally and Silva coming out to the right. Twenty minutes to play, and Liverpool's tails are still up.
BIG SAVE ORTEGA! It's another huge chance for Liverpool as Robertson plays a wonderful ball into the six-yard box, with Nunez throwing himself at it. The Uruguayan bundles it goalwards, but Ortega makes a massive block. City are clinging on.
Since half-time, Liverpool have managed six shots to City's one, creating opportunities worth 1.35 xG to the visitors' 0.17. Rarely do we see stats like that against the champions.
CITY HIT THE BAR! At the other end, Ake swings a cross into the area, and Kelleher punches it against Foden. It may have struck his arm, but hearts are in mouths as it crashes against the crossbar on its way over. That would have been completely against the run of play!
City do seem to have settled down somewhat in the last five minutes or so. Have the champions weathered the storm?
Walker slides in on Salah on halfway and catches the top of the Egyptian's boot. There's a VAR check in the background to ascertain whether the challenge was red card-worthy, but the contact was minimal. No further action is taken, which is the right decision.
Nunez has run himself into the ground here and is coming off. Gakpo replaces him for the final 14 minutes plus stoppage time.
Liverpool have scored 10 Premier League goals in the 90th minute of matches this season, their joint-most in a single season (also 10 in 2008-09). Are we set for another dramatic finish here? The Reds have been excellent since half-time.
Doku inches his way to the left corner of the box before seeing a weak effort deflect off Gomez and roll straight to Kelleher. His team-mates are frustrated with his decision to go it alone.
SAVE! Quansah steps out of defence and decides to go it alone, lashing a low shot at goal from 25 yards out. It skips off the wet surface and Ortega does well, not only by getting a glove to it but also by pushing it away from the lurking Salah! Ten minutes to play.
It is staggering just how lacklustre City have been in the second half. They have looked rattled by Liverpool's high press, but they've also moved the ball with no urgency or sense of control. This stadium does funny things to Guardiola's men!
That's incredible stuff from Diaz! The Colombian bursts between Rodri and Walker, leaving the former in a heap before coming back for more against Walker, sitting him down with a nice piece of skill before winning a corner. He's missed some great chances, but his general play has been outstanding.
Mac Allister swings the corner onto the head of Van Dijk… but he directs his effort over the bar from around 10 yards out. Liverpool still look far more likely to find a winner.
It's attack against defence here! Robertson heads a searching pass down to Mac Allister, who just can't sort his feet out and get his shot away under pressure from Walker. He's claiming he was pulled back, but there was nothing in that.
Walker receives some treatment following that coming-together before City restart with a goal-kick. You sense the visitors would be content to leave Anfield with a point now.
There's a real lack of movement when City are in possession, it's so uncharacteristic from the champions. Kovacic's pass intended for Haaland is cut out, but Liverpool's break is stopped at source by Walker.
OFF THE POST FROM DOKU! City almost snatch a winner against the run of play! Doku stands up Gomez inside the area before shifting the ball to his left foot and shooting across goal, but it bounces off the inside of the far post and lands in Kelleher's arms! So close!
We will have EIGHT minutes of stoppage time here, and it's safe to say we have a grandstand finish on our hands! Can either team find a winner?
Liverpool have had 20 shots in this match, their most in a Premier League game against City since February 2013 (22). The Reds have forced a corner here... will anything come of it?
Nothing comes of the corner-kick as City hold firm. There are a lot of tired legs out there now – this game has been played at 100 miles per hour!
Offside! Salah breaks down the right-hand side before looking for a team-mate with a searching cross to the far post, but the flag goes up against the Egyptian. He just needed to hold his run for a moment longer.
Now Doku sets off on another lung-busting run into the area, beating Gomez with ease before looking for Foden with his cutback, but a red shirt gets there first. Doku has given City something different since his introduction, and he can count himself unfortunate to not have a goal to his name.
PENALTY APPEAL! Liverpool want another spot-kick as Gakpo offloads to Salah inside the area, and he goes down under Ake's challenge. The appeal is swiftly knocked back and City's players surround Salah. They are not happy as he went down far too easily. A VAR check sticks with the on-field decision – there was nothing in that.
ANOTHER PENALTY APPEAL KNOCKED BACK! Wow. That looked far more suspect. From a late Liverpool corner, Doku challenges for a bouncing ball with a high boot, catching Mac Allister in the torso after getting the slightest touch to the ball. The VAR has a look… and opts against sending Michael Oliver to the monitor. No penalty!
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 1-1 MANCHESTER CITY.
Oliver's whistle brings an end to this enthralling contest, and City cling on to take a point at Anfield! The champions found themselves in an excellent position at half-time after Stones poked home from De Bruyne's corner, but they made a nightmare start to the second period as Ake's poor back pass led to Ederson conceding a penalty for a foul on Nunez. Mac Allister stepped up to make it 1-1 before Ederson was forced off injured, and from there, Liverpool laid siege to the City goal. Diaz and Nunez spurned their best chances, though City hit the woodwork twice against the run of play through Foden and Doku. Ultimately, both teams have to settle for a draw, though Liverpool might question why they weren't awarded another spot-kick deep into stoppage time, when Doku appeared to catch Mac Allister with a high boot. Arsenal are the big winners, remaining top of the table due to their goal difference advantage over Liverpool, with City one point further back! That's all from Anfield, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Manchester United and Everton at Old Trafford.
United manager Erik ten Hag is under increased pressure after back-to-back defeats in the Premier League have seen his side slip 11 points behind fourth-placed Aston Villa and a guaranteed place in next season's Champions League. The Red Devils had strung four consecutive top-flight wins together in February to put them in a strong position, but defeats to Fulham and Manchester City have seen them drop to sixth place. United looked like they were on for a shock victory in the derby when Marcus Rashford gave them the lead with a thunderous strike heading into half-time. However, a brace from Phil Foden and a goal from Erling Haaland gave the Citizens a deserved victory, beating them 3.33-0.25 on xG (expected goals). As Aston Villa and Tottenham play against each other tomorrow, one of United's rivals for a Champions League spot will certainly drop points, but it will only matter if the hosts win today.
Everton were handed a boost before their last Premier League outing against West Ham, with their appeal to reduce their 10-point punishment for breaching Profit and Sustainability Rules to six points lifting them from 17th to 15th. As a result, the Toffees moved five points clear of the relegation zone. However, their disappointing run in the top-flight continued, with the Hammers' stoppage-time victory extending Everton's winless run to 10 games. They also had the lead at half-time after Beto made up for his penalty miss by scoring a header, but goals from Kurt Zouma, Tomas Soucek and Edson Alvarez helped David Moyes' men to all three points at Goodison Park. There is another possible points deduction for Everton looming, so an upturn in results is desperately needed for Sean Dyche to push them well away from the drop zone.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Diogo Dalot, Raphael Varane, Jonny Evans, Victor Lindelof; Kobbie Mainoo, Casemiro; Scott McTominay, Bruno Fernandes, Alejandro Garnacho; Marcus Rashford.
MANCHESTER UNITED SUBS: Altay Bayindir, Sofyan Amrabat, Christian Eriksen, Amad Diallo, Antony, Dermot Mee, Willy Kambwala, Toby Collyer, Habeeb Ogunneye.
EVERTON (4-5-1): Jordan Pickford; Ben Godfrey, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite, Vitalii Mykolenko; Jack Harrison, Amadou Onana, Abdoulaye Doucoure, James Garner, Dwight McNeil; Beto.
EVERTON SUBS: Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Joao Virginia, Ashley Young, Andre Gomes, Seamus Coleman, Youssef Chermiti, Lewis Dobbin.
United select the same side that started their 3-1 defeat to rivals City in their previous Premier League outing. Evans and Rashford were forced off with injuries against the Citizens but are fit enough to keep their place in the team. Youngsters Collyer and Ogunneye are on the bench and could make their top-flight debut for the Red Devils.
Dyche also keeps the faith in his side that were beaten 3-1 by West Ham in their last match. There was a chance that Idrissa Gueye could’ve been fit enough to feature, but he hasn’t recovered from a groin injury and is out of the squad.
United have won all three of their Premier League games against Everton since the start of last season, while they last won four league meetings in a row against the Toffees from November 2006 to December 2007. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
United get this Premier League clash under way. Fernandes has the first kick. Both teams desperately need a win.
United are put under pressure by Everton's early pressure in their defensive third, but Beto's low cross is blocked. The ball bobbles around the box, and neither side can take control, but the Red Devils eventually win it back.
McNeil wins an early corner on the left, with Garner strolling over to take it. However, his inswinging cross is headed away by Evans.
McNeil swings a deep cross from the left into the box, with Amadou Onana attacking it. The ball drops to Godfrey, who attempts to flick a shot at goal, but Andre Onana rushes off his line bravely to smother it.
Fernandes collects possession in the middle of Everton's half and offloads a pass to Garnacho on his right. He strides forward and rolls the ball into Dalot, but he takes a heavy touch inside the box, allowing Onana to clear it well away.
Everton are looking sharp, but it could be that United are also gifting them the ball too often. Beto slides a pass out to Doucoure on the right, but his cross is claimed by Onana, who dives across the box.
CHANCE! United go close out of nothing! Fernandes has the ball in United's half and switches the play over to Rashford, who darts down the left and into space. He gets past Mykolenko to get a shot away, but Harrison does brilliantly to get back and make an important block.
Fernandes takes the following corner from the right, swinging the ball onto Casemiro's header. However, his flicked effort is easily saved by Pickford.
PENALTY UNITED! The hosts have a chance to take the lead from the spot! Rashford comes down the left and slides a pass into Garnacho, who flicks the ball past Tarkowski and is tripped inside the box. There is a VAR check for offside, but the penalty stands!
GOALLLL! FERNANDES SCORES! 1-0 UNITED! What a penalty from Fernandes! The captain is cool under pressure, curling his penalty into the bottom-right corner. Pickford goes the right way, but he is beaten by the accuracy of the strike.
CHANCE! Everton almost responded immediately. The ball drops kindly to McNeil on the box, with the winger volleying a left-footed effort just wide of the left post. Onana could only stand and watch the ball go just wide.
There is a loud atmosphere at Old Trafford, which could be inspired by the recent news that new co-owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe wants to build a new stadium. There has been some backlash, but all the home fans will set aside their concerns today and focus on supporting their side, looking to help United avoid defeat for the first time in three matches. Fernandes' goal came at the right time, with Everton building in confidence after a bright start.
Branthwaite has possession in Everton's half and looks to roll a throughball behind United's defence and into Beto, but the flag goes up for offside immediately. The striker was quite far off, as the play wasn't even allowed to continue to its conclusion.
Varane comes forward down the left and switches a pass over to Garnacho on the right. He is in space and cuts the ball into Fernandes in the middle of the box, but he scoops his first-time strike well over.
United regain possession on the halfway line, with McTominay ignoring Garnacho on the right and instead looking for Rashford on the left. However, he puts too much power on the ball, allowing Pickford to run off his line to claim it just inside the box.
Everton are getting shots away, but they are all coming from outside the box. This time, Harrison is given the time and space to crash a left-footed effort towards the goal, with his strike going well over the bar.
Beto wrestles for the ball against Evans on the halfway line, throwing his arm in the face of the centre-back. Everton's attack comes to nothing, but Evans isn’t happy with the striker. However, VAR sees no wrongdoing from the Portuguese forward.
Godfrey gets to the byline and flashes a cross into the box, but it goes just past Beto in the middle. Everton retain possession through McNeil, who looks for another cross. However, Varane shields it behind.
United gift the ball back to Everton again, but Mykolenko's strike from the edge is quickly blocked behind by Casemiro. Garner lifts his right-footed cross towards the back post, but Tarkowski cannot turn his header on target.
CHANCE! Another opportunity for Everton. Garner has space around him after playing a clever one-two outside United's box, but his strike is pushed away by Andre Onana. The goalkeeper pushes it straight out to Amadou Onana, who takes a touch before blasting his attempt well over.
Amadou Onana is the first player to be shown a yellow card after fouling Garnacho on the edge of the Everton box.
SAVE! Fernandes is denied his second goal. The captain takes responsibility for a free-kick just to the left outside the box and whips his right-footed effort towards the top-left corner. However, Pickford gets across his line to push it away at full stretch.
CHANCE! Wonderful play from United. Rashford has possession on the left and switches the play over to Fernandes on the right side of the box. He rolls it through to McTominay, who thumps a cutback towards Mainoo. However, Branthwaite slides it away before the flag goes up for offside.
Evans concedes possession in United's half to Beto, allowing Everton to commit men forward on the attack. McNeil receives it on the left on the edge of the box and drives a low strike just wide of the right post.
Everton are winless in 10 Premier League games (drawing five and losing five), the longest ongoing run of any side currently in the division. Only from August to October 1994 (12) have the Toffees ever had a longer winless run in the competition.
PENALTY UNITED! The hosts have the chance to double their lead after some superb work from Garnacho again. The Argentine drives from right to left on the edge of the box before being clattered by Godfrey. Two clumsy moments have cost Everton, who have been threatening on the attack.
Doucoure is not happy with the penalty being given and is shown a yellow card.
GOALLLL! RASHFORD SCORES! 2-0 UNITED! Fernandes scored the last penalty but gives this one to Rashford. The England international stutters on his run towards the ball before driving his strike into the bottom-left corner. Pickford commits himself the other way.
Garnacho is the first player to win two penalties in a single Premier League game since Antonio Rudiger for Chelsea v Leeds in December 2021, and the first ever to do so for United.
Everton win a free-kick just inside United's half. Pickford launches the ball forward, but Casemiro gets up head it away from danger just inside the box.
Everton have the 10th-highest xG in the Premier League this season (42.5), but the third-lowest goal total (29), giving them the biggest difference between expected goals and goals scored in the competition this term (13.5). The Toffees have created an xG of 0.9 against United, but have only hit the target twice with their nine shots.
Fernandes has possession in United's box, but he sends a pass straight to McNeil. The ball then rolls to Godfrey, who drives a low shot from the edge towards the bottom-left corner, but it deflects off Evans and goes behind.
Godfrey is well up the pitch, so when Everton concede possession, it gives Fernandes the chance to dash into the space left behind by the right-back. He gets into the box and attempts to curl a pass into the middle with the outside of his foot, but the ball is blocked, and Pickford comes out to claim it.
PENALTY SHOUT! United want a third penalty. Garnacho rushes down the right and gets to the byline before cutting the ball back across the box. Mykolenko slides to the floor, and the ball hits his supporting hand, but no penalty is given. Ten Hag is furious.
There will be four minutes of additional time.
Mainoo and McTominay combine down the left side of the box, but the ball gets trapped under the feet of the Scotland international. He rolls a pass back to Casemiro on the edge of the box, with the midfielder's low, first-time strike blocked by Onana.
Garnacho has been United's best player. He breaks forward on the right and drives into the box, faking it shoot to put Branthwaite on the floor before the centre-back gets across to recover. He had options in the middle, but nobody was complaining after his first-half performance.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 2-0 EVERTON
United scored two penalties in the first half to lead a wasteful Everton 2-0 heading into half-time at Old Trafford. Garnacho was the Red Devils' star, winning both spot-kicks to give the hosts a comfortable advantage. He was first tripped by Tarkowski, allowing captain Fernandes to curl his spot-kick into the bottom-right corner. Harrison and Garner tested Onana, but it was Ten Hag's men that scored again. Garnacho was tricky on the edge of the box, driving across from right to left before being bundled to the floor by Godfrey. Rashford took the penalty this time, stuttering with his run towards the ball before directing his shot into the bottom-left corner.
It looks like United deserve their lead by a distance at half-time after creating an xG of 2.02, but the statistics have been heavily inflated by the two penalties. Despite not getting an assist to his name, Garnacho has been their best player, constantly driving at the Everton defence and winning two penalties. As for Everton, it's more of the same. Dyche was getting frustrated in the dugout, and there should be no surprise with his side failing to convert their opportunities again. The away side have registered an xG of 1.07 from their 11 shots but have only hit the target twice. They have had 29 final third entries and 17 touches inside the opposition box but nothing to show for it.
Everton get the ball rolling again. They need an early goal in the second half if they want to get back into the contest. The Toffees are on their way to an 11th consecutive Premier League game without a win.
United have won 180 and lost none of the 185 previous occasions they have been two or more goals ahead at half-time in the Premier League (drawing five). Meanwhile, away from home, Everton have lost 54 and won none of the 57 previous times they have been two or more goals behind at the break in the competition (drawing three). Not an encouraging statistic if you’re an Everton fan or Dyche. The Toffees have had most of the possession since the restart and are trying to build an attack.
Harrison collects the ball in the middle of United's half and spreads a pass down the right to Godfrey, who sends his cross behind for a goal-kick. Young or Coleman are better going forward than the former Norwich City man, but they are on the bench.
CHANCE! Everton go short with a free-kick on the left, unleashing McNeil on the wing. His inswinging cross is headed into the path of Doucoure by Tarkowski, but his strike in the middle of the box is blocked by McTominay.
Doucoure is Everton’s top scorer in the Premier League with six goals this season, though he hasn’t scored since December. Since Dyche became manager of the club last February, the Toffees have won 36 per cent of their league games when Doucoure starts (13/36), winning none of their nine when he doesn’t (drawing three and losing six).
OVER! Garnacho goes close! Fernandes spins in possession in the heart of Everton's half and rolls a pass out to Garnacho, who drives into the box. He is put under pressure by Mykolenko and lifts his right-footed strike over the bar.
Everton try to build an attack around the halfway line, but Onana puts too much power on his first-time pass, sending the ball out for a goal-kick. The Toffees are getting some substitutes ready to come on.
Beto has his first shot inside United's box, but his attempt is blocked. The ball spins up in the air, with the forward heading a pass down to Doucoure. The midfielder drives a low strike towards the near post, but Onana stops it with his feet.
WIDE! McTominay battles with Garner inside United's half, pushing him away before slotting a pass down the left to Fernandes. He gets into Everton's defensive third and sends an inviting cross towards Garnacho, but he pokes his effort wide on the slide.
Dyche has seen enough and has decided to make three changes. Beto has had 24 touches and one shot up front for Everton and is being replaced by Calvert-Lewin. The Englishman has scored three goals in 23 appearances.
Harrison also makes his way off the pitch at the nearest side. Dobbin is on, with his only Premier League goal coming against Chelsea in a 2-0 win earlier in the season.
There is also a straight swap in the midfield. Doucoure is replaced by Gomes.
SAVE! Brave from Pickford! Fernandes' inswinging cross from the right bobbles around the middle of the box, with Lindelof poking his shot towards the goal. Pickford claims it under pressure from Evans, who catches the goalkeeper and apologises immediately.
Gomes has space outside United's box and rolls a pass down the right to Dobbin for his first involvement. He takes a heavy touch but still finds a way to win a corner off Lindelof.
Lindelof barges into the back of Onana trying to win possession and gives away a poor free-kick in shooting range for Everton. The experienced Gomes takes aim from range, but his right-footed strike is blocked by the wall.
OVER! Dobbin gets a shot away, but it’s poor. Calvert-Lewin wrestles for the ball on the edge of the box but cannot turn away from his marker and rolls the ball back to Dobbin, who lashes a first-time strike with his left foot high and wide.
McTominay crashes into the back of Onana and is shown a yellow card. He was desperate to win possession in Everton's half, but he was clumsy.
United’s 40 Premier League wins against Everton is the joint-most one side has against another in the competition’s history, with the Red Devils also winning 40 times against Villa. They have only had four shots in the second half compared to Everton's seven, but they look comfortable. However, a shock goal from the Toffees could put them under pressure.
Nothing seems to be happening for Calvert-Lewin. He is working hard up front and puts pressure on Varane, but his back to Onana just about has enough weight on it for the goalkeeper to get there and clear. The Toffees get it back through McNeil. However, his cross goes straight to the goalkeeper.
There is a light round of applause from the home fans around the dugout as Young steps away from the bench to come on. He replaces Garner, who also spent time at the Red Devils.
WIDE! How have Everton not scored? Mykolenko flashes a brilliant cross from the left over to Godfrey, who heads the ball back across the goal. Dobbin is there, but his shot from a narrow angle goes back across Andre Onana and wide. He might have been looking for Calvert-Lewin, who was looking the other way.
Amadou Onana goes for an ambitious overhead kick from outside the box, but his shot is saved with ease by Andre Onana. That would have been goal of the season if it went in, but it never looked likely.
United make their first change. Mainoo was comfortable in the midfield and won three of his duels, but is now coming off for Amrabat.
Everton have had twice as many shots in the second half than United (8-4), also having more touches in the box (16-11). However, they have only created an xG of 0.41 since the restart and have had too many nearly moments.
McNeil floats a corner from the right onto Calvert-Lewin, but he cannot get enough power on his header, with the ball going straight into Onana's gloves.
Garnacho is denied the chance of an unlikely hat-trick of penalty wins, but he will be delighted with his contributions, turning the contest in United's favour with his direct runs into the box. He is off for Antony, who still has a lot to prove.
Young gets down the right and whips a corner towards the back post, with Mykolenko getting forward. Antony gets back well to defend it, forcing the left-back to direct his header wide.
United's work was done in the first half with the two penalties that they scored, but their performance since the restart has been pretty flat. They have only registered an xG of 0.54, hitting the target with two of their four shots. If Everton weren’t so clumsy in their box, the Red Devils would be playing in a much closer contest.
Chermiti comes on for his 11th Premier League appearance for Everton, still waiting for his first goal. Mykolenko is off, in what is a very late attacking change from Dyche, who probably should’ve done it a lot earlier.
United switch experience for youth in the defence. Evans is off for Kambwala, who makes his fourth Premier League appearance at centre-back for the hosts.
There will be four minutes of additional time.
Antony surges down the left and wins a late corner off Branthwaite. Fernandes elects to take it short, and the hosts work it out to Dalot outside the box, but he curls his right-footed strike straight at Pickford.
It's interesting that United are two goals ahead and have only made three changes, but Diallo hasn’t been given an opportunity off the bench. He has plenty of potential but only made two Premier League appearances this season.
OFFSIDE! Fernandes skips past a couple of tackles and slides a pass through to Rashford. He gets into the box and skips past Branthwaite, who takes down the forward. The referee blows for a penalty before changing his arm movement for an offside call.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 2-0 EVERTON
Fernandes and Rashford scored first-half penalties for United to help the Red Devils beat Everton 2-0 at Old Trafford. It was more frustration for Dyche, who watched his team extend their run to 11 games without a win in the Premier League despite creating an xG of 1.48. Ten Hag's men made the most of their wasteful attacking and clumsy tackles, with Garnacho winning two penalties. First tripped by Tarkowski, captain Fernandes took responsibility from the spot and curled his shot into the bottom-right corner. Godfrey was the next player to barge into Garnacho inside the box after a tricky run from the Argentine. Rashford drilled his shot into the opposite corner, with United becoming just the third team in Premier League history to have two different players score a penalty in the first half. Everton had 12 attempts in the second half but couldn’t make any of their chances count. Dobbin had their best opportunity, but he flashed his effort across goal and away from danger. Next, United host Liverpool in the quarter-finals of the FA Cup. As for Everton, they go to Bournemouth in the Premier League in three weeks. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to our live commentary of West Ham against Burnley!
With a place in next season's Europa League within reach, West Ham will be looking to add three more points and pile on the pressure on the teams above them. The Hammers trail fifth-placed Tottenham Hotspur by eight points for a spot in the Europa League.Burnley, meanwhile, slumped 2-0 against Bournemouth at Turf Moor in their last league match, extending their winless streak to nine, leaving them in 19th place on 13 points, 11 points from safety with 11 matches to play.
Let’s take a look at the lineups for the clash at the London Stadium…
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Nayef Aguerd, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Aaron Cresswell; Kalvin Phillips, Tomas Soucek; Mohammed Kudus, James Ward-Prowse, Lucas Paqueta; Jarrod Bowen
SUBS: Lukasz Fabianski, Angelo Ogbonna, Ben Johnson, Danny Ings, Divin Mubama, Edson Álvarez, George Earthy, Kurt Zouma, Michail Antonio
BURNLEY (4-4-2): James Trafford; Lorenz Assignon, Maxime Esteve, Dara O'Shea, Charlie Taylor; Vitinho, Josh Cullen, Sander Berge, Wilson Odobert; Jacob Bruun Larsen, David Fofana
SUBS: Arijanet Muric, Hannes Delcroix, Jack Cork, Jay Rodriguez, Johann Berg Gudmundsson, Josh Brownhill, Manuel Benson, Mike Tresor, Zeki Amdouni
David Moyes makes four changes to his side after the Europa League defeat to Freiburg last Thursday night. Whilst Areola resumes his Premier League goalkeeping duties, the more  notable changes in the Hammers’ backline are the replacements of Emerson with Cresswell and Zouma giving way to Aguerd. Phillips also starts ahead of Alvarez, and the former Manchester City midfielder will be keen to make an impression today and claim a more regular starting role.
Burnley, on the other hand, stick with the same starting 11 as the one that succumbed to a home defeat to Bournemouth last time around. Vincent Kompany is clearly showing loyalty and trust in his regular starters – let’s see whether they can reward him, and the fans, with a more clinical performance.
The players are coming out and are ready for kick-off. Here we go!
Burnley get us underway in their yellow away kit...
Burnley are edging forward into the West Ham defensive third but the Hammers’ defence deals with a Bruun Larsen comfortably and clears the ball away. Trafford has it in his own box and looks to play out from the back.
Taylor this time delivers a loopy ball into the West Ham box but the resulting header is caught easily by Areola. Fofana seems to have hurt himself in the kerfuffle in the box but the Burnley striker gets up quickly.
Now West Ham’s turn to threaten! Bowen plays a low cross into the Burnley area which eventually hits Kudus. The forward then delivers a ball towards the back post which Assignon messily clears. West Ham appealed for a handball off the Burnley defender but the flag was up for offside.
Pretty lively start from both sides here, with plenty to play for. West Ham are still pushing for the European spots, while Kompany will not let his players lose sight of pushing out of the relegation zone.
Trafford plays a neat pass through the West Ham press and Burnley try to push forward. The home side intercepts a loose ball but Coufal hits it straight out of play. The ball is back again with the Burnley keeper, who has had plenty of touches already.
WHAT A GOOOALLLL!! 1-0 Burnley and it's Fofana with an unbelievable strike straight in the top bins, pick that one out! The Burnley striker works hard to win the ball from two West Ham midfielders, who won’t want to see that one again. Fofana then hits one from well out the box, a solid 25 yards or so from goal, and it flies straight past Areola, who stood no chance as the effort sails into the top-right corner. What a start for Burnley!
Burnley have started this game just how they started against Bournemouth last week – with confidence and clear possession. The only difference, this time they’re on the scoresheet!
West Ham work the play well down the right side, and Coufal clips one into a dangerous area of the penalty box. O’Shea connects to it first though, and the home side are trying to camp into the Burnley half now.
Assignon dribbles the ball through what appears to be quite legged West Ham midfielders. He eventually loses out but you have to say, Burnley look the more sharper already with only 20 minutes on the clock. The Europa League hangover might still be hitting the home players here.
Gareth Southgate looks on from the stands and you’ve got to wonder who from the West Ham team would challenge for a spot in the Euros squad at the moment, particularly from this opening phase!
Soucek blatantly pushes Cullen into Paqueta and Trafford lines up a free-kick from the halfway line. The ball bounces off O'Shea and goes out for a goal-kick.
David Moyes won’t be happy with the start to the game from his players. Burnley are the much more comfortable team on the ball, playing neat passes around the corner of West Ham midfielders, and the Hammers are second to best to a lot of the play here.
And right on queue, Mavropanos hits a pass straight out of play. He’s not the only West Ham player to have done that either, we're not even 30 minutes in!
Kudus puts an early cross into the box but Bowen gets under it and heads it well away from the Burnley goal.
Paqueta tries to take matters into his own hands and drives with the ball straight through the middle of the Burnley midfield. He eventually runs into too many men and has the ball nicked from his feet.
Mavropanos does really well to take the ball from Odobert and bulldoze his way through into the Burnley box. He hits a left-footed attempt into the side netting but this is a lot better from West Ham. They’re trying to get on the front foot now.
Soucek switches the ball over to Coufal, who is clumsily pushed over by Bruun Larsen. The Hammers take the free-kick quickly but play a loose pass straight to Berge. Burnley are now attempting to regain a bit of a hold on possession.
Bruun Larsen collects a long ball at the edge of the West Ham box but he’s deemed to be offside by a very late flag.
Bruun Larsen is involved again down the left as he does well to skip past Mavropanos. Coufal is there to cover for his centre back though and Burnley have a corner. Cullen is over the ball.
The resulting corner comes to nothing and Cullen collects the ball again towards the halfway line. Kudus rushes to try and win the ball and knocks the Burnley midfielder over for a clear foul.
Taylor heads one back to Trafford who just about avoids it from going out for a corner.
Kompany applauds his players from the sideline and you can see why. Burnley have controlled the majority of the game and limited West Ham to only a couple of half chances, and that’s being generous. David Moyes won’t be happy going into half-time.
First yellow card of the game goes to Soucek for dragging Odobert. A clear pull of the shirt and a deserved booking for the West Ham midfielder.
Bruun Larsen hits the resulting free-kick straight into Areola's arms. A speculative effort really, considering how far out he was!
GOOALLL!! 2-0 Burnley and Mavropanos, look away now! Bruun Larsen plays a short pass into Cullen, who inside the box puts a low ball across the face of the West Ham goal. Mavropanos is caught on his heels and makes an absolute mess of clearing the ball, instead putting it in his own goal. You have to say, it’s nothing more than Burnley deserve for their continuous pressure. What a way to end the half!
We’ve got three minutes of added time in this first half at the London Stadium. Moyes will be eager to get into the dressing room and demand more from his players. Kompany, however, will be more than pleased.
HALF-TIME: WEST HAM 0-2 BURNLEY
Half-time here at a wet and rainy London Stadium, and one manager will be a whole lot more pleased than his counterpart going into the dressing room with Burnley winning 2-0. Starting with the home side, West Ham have looked incredibly leggy off the ball, and even more sloppy on it. Numerous astray passes, no threat on Trafford’s goal, and weak defending sums up their first-half performance. And with only 0.08 xG, Moyes might look to his bench for some attacking inspiration. Meanwhile, Burnley will want more of the same. Fofana got the first goal of the game with a clean strike from 25 yards out – a Goal of the Month contender for sure. Mavropanos then helped the away side and handed them the second goal on a plate, putting a fluffed clearance into his own net. Burnley’s xG of 0.10 might suggest they haven’t been pressing West Ham’s defence, but far from it. They have controlled the game and their patience has paid off so far.
Burnley are unbeaten in their last 11 Premier League matches when leading at half-time (W5, D6) dating back to August 2021. West Ham on the other hand have a record of W1, D1, L5 when trailing at half-time this season. It would take an early goal in the second half to try and turn this one around, you’d imagine, and the Hammers certainly need to pose more of an attacking threat if they want to trouble Burnley.
Kompany rolls the dice first with a substitution, replacing Bruun Larsen with Brownhill.
Moyes does not wait long to make a couple of West Ham subs. Phillips' start for West Ham doesn't last long, and he's taken off for Alvarez.
The second West Ham substitute sees Ward-Prowse being replaced with Antonio, and Moyes is clearly looking to make the most of the momentum his side has gained.
We're underway for the second half!
GOAAALLL!! 2-1 and West Ham are back in it very quickly in the second half! Some really sloppy Burnley defending and Kompany will not be happy with his side’s defending. A simple mix-up at the back for the Clarets and Paqueta capitalises. The Brazilian knicks the ball from O’Shea close to the away side's box and slots it easily past Trafford. Game on!
Ever since the first goal, West Ham have been pushing for a second. They have had quick corners in succession and they’re causing a lot of issues for the Burnley defenders. Moyes will be pleased with his team’s response in this half.
Good chance for Burnley to regain their two-goal lead. They break quickly on a counter-attack led by Fofana, who dummies a shot to give himself some extra space but then hits his effort straight at Areola.
Just wide! Good play from substitute Antonio to cross the ball to Paqueta towards the opposite, right side of the Burnley box. The midfielder sets his aims for the top left corner and only narrows hits his shot wide.
Vitinho hits a deflected shot just wide of Areola and wins Burnley a corner, but also some breathing space after some relentless West Ham pressure so far this half.
Paqueta has really come to life this half. He collects a loose ball and curls one towards the bottom corner. Trafford can collect easily though.
Esteve looks hurt here and is getting some treatment. After some time, he’s now waiting for the referee to allow him back on the pitch.
First yellow card for Burnley goes to Assignon for time-wasting, and the defender will be on a tightrope for the remainder of the game.
Big chance for Kudus! The Ghanaian attacker takes it down well in the Burnley box and then cleverly skips past Vitinho onto his right foot. Well inside the box, he has all of the goal to aim for but absolutely skies it. A massive opportunity missed there.
Kompany is looking to sure things up at the back here, swapping the attacker Odobert for defender Delcroix.
A lot of heavy challenges flying in here from both sides. If it wasn’t competitive already, it certainly is now with 20 minutes spare.
Antonio has done really well to win loose balls for his side since coming on. Yet again the attacker bullies Delcroix off the ball to win the home team a throw-in close to Burnley’s box.
Delcroix gets himself in the book for time-wasting, which is emphasising Burnley's desperation to see this one over the line. That's two of their defenders in the book for the same reason.
Superb work again from Antonio to win West Ham a corner. He’s really up for a fight today and his teammates wouldn’t go wrong by being more direct, as the Burnley defenders are struggling to deal with physically. Another one of his crosses finds its way to Coufal, whose ball into the box is deflected onto Trafford's bar!
Berge with a wrestling takedown on Bowen there. One of the easiest yellow cards the referee will give out.
West Ham are really tallying up their corner count, and with Burnley’s deficiencies from dealing with set-pieces, they might fancy their chances from scoring from one.
Time is ticking for West Ham to get an equaliser, and Moyes clearly recognises that too. Ings is coming on for Aguerd.
That's a reckless one from Paqueta who clashes with Burnley defender Esteve and gets himself a yellow.
Esteve is the third Burnley defender on a yellow now, and the centre back deservedly finds himself in the referee's book for a reckless challenge on Paqueta.
GOAALLL! Danny Ings makes an instant impact and equalises against his former side, but there's a VAR check for an offside...
DISALLOWED! West Ham thought they'd turned this game on its head but Antonio was deemed to be in an offside position in the build-up to Ings touching it past Trafford. Burnley will be super relieved and are still holding on for the win here... It remains 2-1.
Eight minutes added on here. Will it be enough for the home side to get an equaliser?
GOOOALLL! And this one will stand, 2-2 West Ham! Ings was denied the earlier effort for an offside, but there’s no questioning this goal. A cross into the box is deflected into his path, and the striker does incredibly to control and turn inside the box and volley past Trafford. For Burnley, they should know more than most that you can’t give a player of Ings’ quality so much space to turn and shoot. Some second half from West Ham here.
Kompany takes off Vitinho for the more natural attacker, Gudmundsson.
How have West Ham not scored a third?!? A number of dangerous crosses into the penalty area, and the latest one falls perfectly for Ings at the edge of the box. Again, the striker hits a volley towards his former side’s goal and hits the bar! What an effort
A game of two halves here, and West Ham will be kicking themselves for some of their missed chances if they don’t find a winner.
Huge appeals for a handball from West Ham are turned down. You have to say, it looks like Berge headed the ball blatantly onto his arms. West Ham will feel hard done by for sure.
Burnley almost steal it at the end! A counter-attack down the right side led by Gudmundsson is played to Berge, who then lays a clever ball to Brownhill. The Burnley midfielder has a great chance to put it past Areola for the winner, but hits it straight at the keeper. In fairness, four West Ham defenders were stood on the line ready to block the ball, but a big opportunity nonetheless.
FULL-TIME: WEST HAM 2-2 BURNLEY
Wow, what an end to a contest, which somehow finishes 2-2! West Ham will be wondering how they couldn’t find a winner, while Burnley will be disappointed to let their winning position slip. The Clarets went into half-time with a comfortable 2-0 lead, and looked the sharper of the two sides after Fofana smashed a ferocious opener before Mavrapanos’ own goal gave the hosts a mountain to climb. The second half was a whole different matter though, as Paqueta halved the deficit with not even a minute played. Former Burnley man Ings then saw an equaliser ruled out by the VAR for offside but it didn’t take long for him to respond with a clever turn and volley to level. Both sides had late chances to get the winner, and you feel a point does neither side any favours. The home team ended with an xG of 1.93 and edged possession with 52 per cent, turning their attention again to the Europa League next week. Burnley’s xG of 0.65 couldn’t trouble the Hammers in the second half and the Clarets will want to replicate the first-half performance against Brentford in the league.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Wolves and Fulham at Molineux!
Convincingly beaten by Newcastle United last week, Wolves suffered their first away defeat since Christmas and slipped below their conquerors in the Premier League standings. Nonetheless, Gary O'Neil's side are still clinging on to a top-half position and sit three points above today's visitors. The West Midlands club now seek their third successive home win in all competitions, following 1-0 successes over Sheffield United and Brighton in the league and cup respectively.
Last week, Fulham put three past Brighton without reply, as their recent resurgence continued. With just one defeat from six league games, Marco Silva's men have inched up to 12th place. Although the Cottagers have failed to keep a single clean sheet on the road since September, they know that doing the double over Wolves - who they beat 3-2 in November's reverse fixture - will take them above their hosts in the table.
WOLVES (4-2-3-1): Jose Sa; Nelson Semedo, Santiago Bueno, Max Kilman, Rayan Ait Nouri; Joao Gomes, Mario Lemina; Pedro Neto, Jean-Ricner Bellegarde, Pablo Sarabia; Nathan Fraser.
SUBS: Dan Bentley, Boubacar Traore, Hugo Bueno, Tawanda Chirewa, Toti Gomes, Matt Doherty, Noha Lemina, Leon Chiwome, Tommy Doyle.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Tosin Adarabioyo, Calvin Bassey, Antonee Robinson; Harrison Reed, Sasa Lukic; Harry Wilson, Andreas Pereira, Alex Iwobi; Rodrigo Muniz.
SUBS: Marek Rodak, Tim Ream, Armando Broja, Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Joao Palhinha, Adama Traore, Kenny Tete, Willian, Tom Cairney.
Wolves make three changes from last weekend's loss at Newcastle, as Doyle and Toti Gomes drop to the bench, while Dawson misses out due to a groin problem; Fraser, Bueno and Joao Gomes come in to the hosts' starting XI. Once again, potent attacking duo Hwang Hee-chan and Matheus Cunha are sidelined by injury, so local lad Fraser makes his first Premier League start.
Somewhat surprisingly, Marco Silva names the same Fulham side that started against Brighton, so midfield fulcrum Joao Palhinha - available again after a two-match suspension - must settle for a place on the bench. Having not scored in any of his first 10 Premier League appearances, Rodrigo Muniz has since netted five in his last five and starts up front today.
Both teams are out on the pitch at Molineux, and kick-off in this Premier League contest is now just moments away!
Fulham kick off, and we are under way in Wolverhampton!
Fulham are winless in 17 league and cup trips to Wolves since a 4-0 victory in the old Division Two, way back in March 1985. Today, they're attempting to do the league double over their hosts for the first time in 44 attempts.
The home side continue to patiently pass around in midfield, searching for an opening, and Neto almost makes a breakthrough into the area before Bassey quickly slams the door shut.
SAVE! Fraser is left with arms aloft in appeal for a free-kick just outside Fulham's area, as the Cottagers counter-attack at pace. After reaching the area, Pereira tests Sa with a shot from a very tight angle: Wolves' goalkeeper tips the ball away for a corner!
The action is paused momentarily, due to an injury sustained by Bellegarde, who is receiving treatment on the pitch. It doesn't look good for the Frenchman - surely that's game over for him.
Rather worryingly, Bellegarde went down inside his own box, with no Fulham player near him. The referee signals a stretcher may be required, as Doyle warms up near the touchline.
Pereira's long-delayed corner from the right is flicked on by Castagne in the area, but Wolves manage to see off any danger despite being down to 10 men. Bellegarde has limped off - fortunately, without needing the stretcher.
Doyle is finally cleared to enter the fray, as an early replacement for injury victim Bellegarde.
So far, Fulham have been unable to capitalise on the disruption to Wolves' plans due to Bellegarde's departure - they've yet to find any rhythm.
Wolves are still holding on to the ball, quite cautiously hoping to draw Fulham out and counter-attack at pace. It's been a rather stilted start to proceedings at Molineux.
Played in by Fraser, the scampering figure of Pedro Neto drifts inside from the right, slips past Robinson with a drop of the shoulder, then zips a low shot well wide of the target from around 15 yards out.
Kilman concedes a corner-kick, under pressure from Muniz. Set-piece specialist Pereira whips it into the box, before a clearing header from Bueno lands at the feet of Iwobi. The latter swivels and shoots from the edge of the area, but the ball flies wide by quite some margin.
Fraser and Pedro Neto link up again, but Lemina's subsequent pass lacks accuracy and allows Fulham time to drop back into their defensive shape. Clear-cut chances have been few and far between today.
After Tosin hacks the ball away from deep inside his own area, Wolves' first corner-kick - taken by Sarabia - sails too close to Leno, who leaps up and cleanly plucks the ball out of the sky.
MISS! Wilson spurns a great chance to score! Iwobi picks out his team-mate with an incisive low pass through the centre, but the Wales winger is put off by fast-closing Sa and puts his finish wide of the right-hand post! That really should've been the opener - Wolves breathe again!
Having survived a major scare, Wolves are now moving the ball around with greater urgency, as they aim to avoid letting Fulham grow into this game.
Ait-Nouri and Lemina link up on the left side of the area, and when the former picks up Lemina's return pass, it looks like he's clean through on goal. However, he can't take it cleanly, allowing Leno to dive down and claim the ball.
Castagne just about smuggles the ball away from Fraser inside his own area, as Wolves enjoy their most sustained spell of pressure in Fulham's defensive third. Can the hosts make a breakthrough before half-time?
A loose touch from Iwobi effectively kills Fulham's quick counter-attack, as Lemina is able to sneak in and steal the ball just outside Wolves' area. It remains a finely balanced contest with one-third of the game completed.
After several other candidates are politely turned away, Wilson steps up to a 25-yard free-kick. His lofted pass is easily cut out by Lemina, though, and Fulham must settle for a corner.
OFF THE BAR! Fulham strike the goal frame! After a corner-kick seems to amount to nothing, Fulham recycle the ball. Iwobi picks it up on the left, then Pereira and Reed combine in the box. The latter tees up Tosin for a 10-yard finish, but the centre-back thunders his shot against the crossbar! So close!
Released down the left, Robinson slings over a threatening low cross towards Muniz in the centre, but the Brazilian striker narrowly fails to make contact. Fulham are now making some inroads via quick counter-attacks.
Ait-Nouri wins a free-kick for his team with some superb footwork, which helps him beat one challenge and then draw another from Reed. The Fulham midfielder is perhaps lucky to avoid a booking.
Although Wolves have had more possession - 57 per cent to Fulham's 43 - the visitors are proving more of a problem in the final third. Marco Silva's side are leading 8-1 on total shots.
Wolves' injury woes deepen further. Pedro Neto pulls up suddenly on the byline, and immediately hobbles off the pitch with what must surely be a hamstring injury. Not only is their tricky winger heading for another spell on the sidelines, but Nelson Semedo has also picked up a knock of some kind.
It remains to be seen whether Nelson Semedo can continue, but he has been shown the game's first yellow card.
There will be at least six minutes of stoppage time now, due to an injury-plagued first half for Wolves. Can either side snatch a lead just ahead of half-time?
Pedro Neto's muscular injury means he has to depart. Toti Gomes is sent on to replace him, as O'Neil makes his second enforced change of the first half.
It has been over half an hour since Wolves last attempted a shot, and an attack shorn of Cunha, Hwang and now Neto is clearly lacking its old potency.
Again raiding high up on the left flank, Robinson picks out Pereira just outside Wolves' area, but Toti just intervenes as Muniz moves to gather the ball and strike at goal.
HALF-TIME: WOLVES 0-0 FULHAM
Fulham have come closest to breaking the deadlock in this mid-table clash at Molineux, but Wolves remain level despite losing two more men to injury - it's 0-0 at half-time. While Wilson missed a gilt-edged chance and Tosin then rattled the crossbar, the home side have barely threatened to end the stalemate, with young striker Fraser being left isolated up front. Both Bellegarde and Pedro Neto were withdrawn by Wolves boss O'Neil, whose injury crisis continues to deepen - he was already without his two top scorers in Hwang and Cunha. Meanwhile, Marco Silva may be a little frustrated that his team's pacey counter-attacks have yet to pay off.
Only one of Wolves' last 20 top-flight games at Molineux has seen them fail to score, while their average of 1.5 per goals per game is the club's highest in a Premier League season. However, they've been totally toothless today, and O'Neil's attacking options are thinning. If Fulham take advantage and claim maximum points, they can leapfrog their hosts in the Premier League table.
Wolves kick off, and we are back under way at Molineux!
Sarabia lifts through a lovely lofted ball from midfield, which is met by a run inside by Ait-Nouri, but Leno sprints off his line and claims the ball just in time. The flag may ultimately have gone up for offside anyway, but Wolves have started this second half with more purpose.
JUST WIDE! Released down the right by Iwobi's long pass, Wilson gathers the ball into his stride before haring into a good shooting position. He takes aim from just inside the area, but scuds a powerful shot narrowly wide of the far post!
A late challenge on Lemina in midfield results in a yellow card for Reed.
WOLVES LEAD! The home side go 1-0 up! Fulham fail to clear their lines following a free-kick, as Bassey's header falls to Toti on the right byline. Ait-Nouri arrives in the box, then turns home Toti's low cross! He finishes high into the centre of Leno's goal, and that's just reward for Wolves' bright start to this second half!
Toti makes a major impact as a substitute, setting up Wolves' first goal by pulling the ball back inside from the right.
Having made a sluggish start to the second half, can Fulham move up a gear now and get themselves back into this match? The Molineux crowd are buoyant, and Wolves may believe that three points are theirs for the taking.
Bueno is booked for felling Pereira in midfield. He hauled his opponent down as Fulham tried to counter at speed, so can have few complaints.
SHARP STOP! Leno leaves his line to narrow the angle, then dives at the feet of Fraser, who is released into the area by Lemina. That's a brave save, but Wolves will have a chance to score again from the corner.
When conceding the opening goal, Fulham have taken just one point from eight previous Premier League away games this season. That suggests turning today's contest around may not prove straightforward.
Marco Silva has seen enough and makes a double substitution: first, Reed is replaced by club captain Cairney.
Cutting a frustrated figure, Pereira also departs. Willian - who scored twice against Wolves earlier this season - comes on to replace him.
Lemina's low cross from the left is cut out by Leno in the six-yard box, as Fraser decides not to make a near-post run that may have been more profitable. The young forward has worked hard but is making little impact.
2-0 TO WOLVES! Via a huge deflection off Cairney, Nelson Semedo finds the net from just inside the area, following some brilliant build-up play from Joao Gomes, who sets things up with a clever back-flick! Without their main forwards, the home side have improvised so well! Surely that's all three points in the bag?
GOAL STANDS! A relatively brief VAR check confirms that there was not an offside offence before Wolves scored their second goal: it stays 2-0!
An irate Marco Silva responds to Fulham's latest setback with two more changes: first, Lukic is replaced in midfield by Joao Palhinha, back from a two-match ban.
Former Wolves favourite Traore is sent on, too. Wilson will make way.
Wasting no time in living up to his reputation, Joao Palhinha is given his 11th yellow card of the season. It was a typically reckless tackle on Sarabia.
Kilman cuts out Willian's low cross from the left for Iwobi, who had popped up in the box and was lurking at the near post. That's alert defending.
Warmly applauded by fans and team-mates alike, Fraser departs. Doherty comes on, so it remains a mystery who will lead the line up front.
As Ait-Nouri races through into space, another brainless lunge by Joao Palhinha brings the Wolves full-back down. The referee declines to show a second yellow card to the Fulham midfielder, who should perhaps have been sent off within minutes of his arrival.
Playing his final card, Marco Silva introduces Chelsea loanee Broja to boost Fulham's presence up top. Castagne makes way.
SUPER STOP! Sa saves the day! Fulham come so close to pulling one back, but Wolves' goalkeeper makes a crucial save from close range! Joao Palhinha is denied, and then the home side scramble the ball away from their goal-line!
SAVE! Driving through the centre at top speed, Traore beats three men then unleashes a thunderous strike at goal from 20 yards. Sa is again equal to it and he dives to his right to make a superb stop! Fulham are pressing hard to get back into this!
Muniz has a shot blocked, then from the subsequent corner-kick, Traore tries a spectacular long-range volley. He catches it cleanly, but the ball zips several feet over Sa's crossbar.
There's more concern for O'Neil, whose squad is being decimated by injury. This time, Sa stays down on the turf, and the action is paused while he receives medical attention.
Sa has been passed fit to continue, so the game now resumes. Even with a good chunk of stoppage time to come, it seems that Fulham's hopes of turning this around are all but over.
A huge cheer goes up around Molineux, as the industrious Ait-Nouri wins a free-kick high up on the right flank. That will kill more time and potentially could lead to a third Wolves goal.
In the first of at least eight minutes added for stoppages, Fulham break away on the counter. However, a horribly overhit cross by Iwobi simply sails out of play and sums up the Cottagers' fortunes today.
After Doyle fires well over the crossbar, Fulham build from the back. Traore finds space on the right wing, then clips over a curling cross towards Joao Palhinha, whose header is steered off target by some margin. He hangs his head in frustration.
If they can't pull one back in the next few minutes, Fulham will have failed to score in five Premier League fixtures at Molineux. They've certainly fluffed a few chances to end that streak today.
Lemina is played through into the area, with Fulham's defence left badly stretched; however, Leno closes down the angle quickly, causing the Wolves midfielder to push his shot well wide of the right-hand post.
FULHAM FINALLY SCORE! Iwobi improvises to cut the Cottagers' deficit at long last: it's just 2-1 to Wolves now! With an outstretched leg, he prods the ball over Sa following Broja's flick! That's nothing but a consolation goal, though. Full-time is just moments away.
Broja is credited with the assist, as Iwobi improvises to turn his flick home.
GOAL STANDS! Iwobi's strike is ruled legal by the VAR, after a brief review for a possible offside offence.
FULL-TIME: WOLVES 2-1 FULHAM
With a stirring start to the second half, Wolves produce a valuable win in adversity, seeing off mid-table rivals Fulham 2-1 at Molineux. Having seen two more forwards depart due to injury before the break, the home side seemed set for a struggle; however, Ait-Nouri's opener and a Cairney own goal opened up an advantage that they didn't look much like relinquishing. Though Tosin struck the bar and Sa made some big saves, Fulham could only break through deep into second-half stoppage time, so their pursuit of a third straight win ends in defeat. Despite 44 attempts, the London club have yet to do the league double over their West Midlands counterparts, who now move six points clear of the Cottagers in the Premier League table. While Wolves can look forward to next week's FA Cup quarter-final against Coventry City, Fulham must lick their wounds before hosting Tottenham in seven days time. That's all from today's live coverage, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Arsenal and Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium!
Arsenal could go three points clear at the top of the table with a win in today’s game, at least temporarily, with Liverpool and Manchester City to play later this week. The Gunners have been tough to beat at home this season with 12 wins, two draws, and just two losses in 16 Premier League contests. Mikel Arteta’s side have lost just one of their last eight Premier League games against Chelsea (W5 D2), while their current four-game unbeaten run is their longest against the Blues in the league since a 19-game streak between 1995 and 2005. Arsenal lost their first evening kick-off (7pm or later) against Chelsea in the Premier League in March 1993 (0-1), but are since unbeaten in 11 such games against the Blues (W4 D7), winning the last three in a row.
Chelsea could go level on points with Newcastle with a victory today, putting them in contention for one of the European places. Currently sat in ninth, the Blues have struggled this season, but they are on an impressive run of form. The capital club are unbeaten in their last eight Premier League games (W4 D4), scoring at least twice in each of their last six. They last had a longer run without defeat between January and March 2021 (10). Mauricio Pochettino’s side have won five of their last eight Premier League London derby matches (D2 L1), having won just one of their previous 10 (D3 L6). The Argentinian manager has found it difficult at the Emirates historically, having never won away at Arsenal (D4 L3).
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Takehiro Tomiyasu, Gabriel Magalhaes, William Saliba, Ben White; Declan Rice, Thomas Partey, Martin Odegaard; Leandro Trossard, Kai Havertz, Bukayo Saka.
ARSENAL SUBS: Aaron Ramsdale, Gabriel Jesus, Emile Smith Rowe, Gabriel Martinelli, Eddie Nketiah, Jakub Kiwior, Jorginho, Fabio Vieira, Oleksandr Zinchenko.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Djordje Petrovic; Marc Cucurella, Benoit Badiashile, Axel Disasi, Alfie Gilchrist; Enzo Fernandez, Moises Caicedo; Mykhailo Mudryk, Conor Gallagher, Noni Madueke; Nicolas Jackson.
CHELSEA SUBS: Thiago Silva, Raheem Sterling, Marcus Bettinelli, Trevoh Chalobah, Carney Chukwuemeka, Cesare Casadei, Deivid Washington, Jimi Tauriainen, Kiano Dyer.
Arteta has made two changes from Arsenal’s 2-0 victory away at Wolves in their previous fixture. In defence, Kiwior will drop to the bench with Tomiyasu, who has now returned from injury, coming back into the starting XI. Partey will also come into the side, with Jesus named among the substitutes.
Meanwhile, Pochettino has made four alterations from Chelsea’s defeat in the FA Cup semi-final against Manchester City. Malo Gusto fails to make the squad, so Gilchrist comes in at right-back. Centre-back duo Chalobah and Silva both drop to the bench, with Badiashile and Disasi named in the starting XI. Further forward, Cole Palmer misses out, with Mudryk replacing him in the team.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
Fernandez gets the game underway for Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium!
Fernandez looks to find Madueke who has made a run in behind the Arsenal defence, but Tomiyasu does well to intercept and Arsenal regain possession. The Gunners will need to be wary of that ball over the top with Chelsea having plenty of pace on either wing.
GOOOOAAALLLLL!! 1-0 ARSENAL! Saka finds Havertz who quickly plays the ball to Partey and continues his run into the box. Rice is now found and he drives towards the penalty area, with Trossard bursting forward on the overlap. Rice finds him and he works it onto his left foot before striking it low at the near post, and it flies into the back of the net!
Rice carried the ball from deep and played the pass to Trossard at the perfect time, allowing him to take it in his stride before striking home.
Arsenal win a free-kick and they quickly switch the play to Trossard on the left-hand side. He looks to play a pass into the box towards Havertz, but Disasi comes across to head it away. It falls to Trossard once again near the touchline, and Fernandez commits a foul in a dangerous position.
Odegaard is standing over the free-kick and he delivers a looping cross to the back post, but Petrovic comes off his line to meet it. Chelsea look to instantly counter-attack as the goalkeeper plays it long towards Jackson, but White recovers well to head it into the path of a team-mate, and Arsenal regain possession.
Badiashile looks to play out from the back with a dangerous ball towards Gallagher, but it's intercepted and Partey finds Odegaard, before he plays a throughball towards Havertz. He delays and waits for the overlapping run, but his pass is snuffed out by Caicedo and Chelsea are able to clear away from danger.
Rice is dispossessed on the edge of the Chelsea box and Pochettino's side look to break, with Fernandez finding Madueke. He drives towards the Arsenal defence and picks out Jackson on the right-hand side, but the Senegalese striker delays before recycling possession, preferring to look after the ball rather than take a risk.
Arsenal will now have an opportunity from a corner as White's cross is deflected behind by Cucurella. Saka heads over to take it and he delivers a dangerous cross, but Badiashile heads it behind once again. Rice will now take and play it short, and it's worked to Odegaard on the edge. He delivers to the back post, but Tomiyasu's header is comfortably over.
Chelsea enjoy a spell of possession in the Arsenal half as Jackson takes on Saliba before delivering, but it's headed away. It eventually falls to Gallagher on the left-hand side and he produces a tempting cross towards Madueke, but he can't quite get there and it goes off the side of the pitch for a throw-in.
Chance for Chelsea! Saka looks to play a simple pass back to Raya, but he's got it all wrong and it goes behind for a corner to Pochettino's side. Mudryk is standing over it and it's delivered towards Badiashile, who flicks it on. Disasi arrives at the back post and gets something on it, but he can't turn his effort goalbound! He should be hitting the target from there!
Madueke stands up his marker inside the Arsenal box and twists and turns before picking out Gilchrist to his right. He sends a cross into the box, but it deflects up into the air and Raya comes off his line to collect with ease. The Blues are growing into the game as they search for an equaliser.
Saka cuts inside from the right and looks to get a shot off, but he can't create enough space for himself and his effort is blocked. The ball eventually falls to Rice on the edge and he turns superbly before looking to curl one towards the top corner, but it goes narrowly over the bar and behind for a goal-kick.
Tomiyasu finds himself in space on the left and he sends a low cross into the box. Saka arrives at the back post, but he can't quite get there. It falls to White who lays it into the path of Partey and he strikes towards goal, but his effort is blocked and Chelsea are able to clear away from danger.
Chelsea give the ball away in a dangerous position and Havertz is picked out inside the box, and he turns and strikes towards goal, but Petrovic makes a strong stop. The Blues fail to clear and Trossard pounces inside the penalty area. He takes aim and his effort is deflected, and Petrovic makes another excellent save to deny him!
Chelsea should score! Madueke bursts down the right-hand side, getting away from Tomiyasu, and he delivers low and hard across goal. Cucurella is there and he strikes, but his effort is blocked. It falls back into his path and he picks out Fernandez who shoots first time, but he fails to hit the target!
It's been an end-to-end affair since the game got under way, with Arsenal producing 1.23 expected goals (xG) and and Chelsea creating 1.21. There have been 17 shots between the two sides, with Pochettino's men edging the possession, keeping 54.2 per cent of the ball.
Arsenal take a quick free-kick and Odegaard fires it out wide to Trossard, who looks to run at Gilchrist. He carries the ball into the penalty area and works it onto his left before delivering towards the back post, but Saka can't quite get on the end of it. The Gunners have looked dangerous down the left-hand side so far.
Chelsea now look to counter-attack as Jackson finds space in the middle of the park, and he has Madueke running in behind the Arsenal defence ahead of him. He looks to pick him out with a throughball, but Gabriel steps across well to snuff out the danger and puts it out for a throw-in.
Jackson breaks down the right-hand side and he drives towards the Arsenal penalty area. He has plenty of team-mates there to support him, and he finds Gallagher who has made a run on the overlap. The Chelsea midfielder looks to pull it back to the edge of the box, but it's a poor effort and Arsenal win it back.
Gilchrist goes into the referee's book for a foul on Trossard.
Cucurella receives a yellow card for delaying the restart after a foul on Saka.
Trossard now has his name taken after a reckless challenge on Cucurella.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of one minute of added time at the end of the first half.
HALF-TIME: ARSENAL 1-0 CHELSEA
Arsenal go into the break with a 1-0 lead over Chelsea at the Emirates Stadium. Both sides have created a host of chances throughout, and the two managers will be hoping to tighten up their defence ahead of the second half. It took just four minutes for the Gunners to find the opener, as Rice carried the ball into the box before picking out Trossard, who struck low and hard into the bottom corner. Pochettino's side responded well and they should have equalised, but Disasi failed to turn it home after Badiashile headed towards the back post. Cucurella and Fernandez also had opportunities to find an equaliser, but a mix of poor finishing and tight defending meant they failed to find the back of the net. Arteta's men might feel they should have had a second goal as Havertz and Trossard both forced strong saves from Petrovic, but Arsenal go into half-time with a narrow lead.
Arsenal have produced 1.27 expected goals since the game got underway, with Chelsea creating 1.21. The Gunners have had more shots with 13, while Pochettino's men are yet to hit the target. Arteta will be hoping his side can tighten up at the back in the second half as the Blues have looked threatening on the counter-attack. Opta's live win probability calculator suggests Arsenal have a 73.9 per cent chance of winning, with a draw at 19.6 per cent and a Chelsea victory at 6.5 per cent. It wouldn't be a surprise to see both managers make some alterations after the break. The Gunners could look to bring on Jorginho to add a little more control in midfield, while Pochettino has attacking options in Sterling and Chukwuemeka as they hope to find an equaliser.
Odegaard gets the second half underway for Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium!
Chelsea win a free-kick in a dangerous position after Partey was adjudged to have fouled Jackson. Gallagher will take and he floats a cross towards the back post, but it's headed away by Rice. The Blues regain possession, but they are forced backwards with Arsenal applying the pressure.
Chance for Arsenal! The Gunners hit Chelsea on the counter-attack and it's a three-on-two situation, with Odegaard driving towards the box. He picks out Rice to his right, inside the penalty area, and he strikes low and hard towards goal, but Petrovic makes a strong save to deny him.
What an opportunity! Odegaard receives the ball outside the penalty area in space, and he plays a sensational throughball into the penalty area. Havertz has made an excellent run and he's one-on-one with Petrovic. He looks to place it under him, but the Chelsea goalkeeper makes a great save and it's behind for a corner.
GOOOAAAALLLLL!! 2-0 ARSENAL!! From a corner, Saka plays it short to Odegaard who quickly turns and returns the favour. Saka finds Rice on the edge and he strikes towards goal, but his shot is deflected. It falls to the feet of White inside the box, and he curls the ball into the bottom corner, leaving Petrovic with no chance!
It's been an electric start to the second half for Arsenal, who have produced five shots with three of those being on target. The Gunners failed to take a host of chances in the opening 45 minutes, but they've come out the blocks fast since the break.
GOOOAAAAALLLL!! 3-0 ARSENAL!! Gabriel picks out Odegaard in acres of space, and he turns before slotting a throughball beyond the Chelsea defence. Havertz runs onto it and he drives towards the penalty area. He gets one-on-one with Petrovic, and he lifts it over the goalkeeper and into the back of the net. He's scored against his former club!
Odegaard's perfect throughball allowed Havertz to beat the offside trap and drive towards goal.
Arsenal look to break now as Trossard cuts inside from the left and carries the ball towards the penalty area. He works it onto his right before striking towards goal, but his shot if blocked. It eventually falls to Odegaard who unleashes from the edge, but he fails to get his effort on target.
What a chance! Madueke drifts in from the right after dispossessing Tomiyasu and he picks out Jackson inside the penalty area. The Chelsea striker takes a touch past Gabriel and only has the goalkeeper to beat, but he fires it into the side netting! He has to hit the target from there.
Pochettino will be disappointed by the second-half display from his Chelsea side. Despite Jackson's glaring opportunity, the away side have struggled to create and significant chances, producing just one shot, and have allowed Arsenal to create a comfortable lead.
GOAAAAALLLL!!! 4-0 ARSENAL!! Saka receives the ball on the right-hand side of the penalty area, and he cuts onto his left foot before carrying it into the box. He picks out Havertz who gets it out of his feet, shifting it onto his left before firing it into the bottom corner! The Gunners are running away with it.
Saka cut inside and stayed composed, finding Havertz inside the box.
Pochettino makes a change in attack, with Sterling coming on to replace Mudryk.
Fernandez heads to the bench, with Chalobah coming on to replace him.
Odegaard's sensational lofted pass fell onto the foot of White, who fired into the top corner.
GOOOAAAAALLLL!! 5-0 ARSENAL! The Gunners build from the back and Odegaard is picked out in space between the lines, and he has time to set himself before flicking the ball over the top of the Chelsea defence. White runs onto it, and he strikes it first time on the volley, and it flies into the top corner! He may have meant to pick out a team-mate, but he will certainly take it!
Havertz, who struck twice against his former club, is substituted. Jesus comes on to replace him.
Tomiyasu, who has just come back from injury, is replaced by Zinchenko at left-back.
Partey's game is over, with Jorginho entering the fray in his place.
Trossard heads to the bench and he will be replaced by Martinelli on the left-hand side of attack.
It's all fallen apart for Chelsea in the second half, allowing Arsenal to create 11 shots since the break, with six of those being on target. Pochettino's side have touched the ball just twice inside the opposition box since half-time, conceding four goals. It could be a case of damage limitation now for the Blues.
White is the latest player to go into the referee's book.
Gilchrist, who was booked in the first half, comes off. Silva enters the fray to replace him.
Gabriel has gone down inside the Arsenal penalty area and he looks in some discomfort. The medical team have entered the pitch and the Brazilian defender is currently receiving treatment. After a short delay, he's back on his feet and it looks as though he's going to be able to continue.
Madueke's game is over and he heads to the bench. Casadei comes on in his place.
Arteta makes another change in attack, with Vieira coming on to replace Saka.
Off the post! Jesus turns well and he plays a reverse pass into the path of Rice. The Arsenal midfielder takes a first-time shot and looks to curl it into the bottom corner, but it cannons off the woodwork! The assistant referee had his flag up, so it wouldn't have counted.
The tempo of the game has slowed down since the fifth goal, with Arsenal happy to sit back and allow Chelsea to come onto them. It's been an impressive display from Arteta's men, who have been ruthless in front of goal in the second half. A large portion of the away end have already headed for the exits!
Jesus turns in between the lines and picks out Vieira on the right-hand side. He returns the ball to the Brazilian striker who looks to find White with a scooped pass over the top of the Chelsea defence, but the Arsenal duo aren't on the same wavelength and it goes behind for a goal-kick.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of seven minutes of added time at the end of the game.
Chelsea are dispossessed and Jesus can turn just outside of the penalty area. He finds Rice who drives down the left-hand side of the box before getting to the byline. He looks to pull it back towards Martinelli, but the Brazilian forward can't quite get there and Pochettino's side can clear.
Arsenal win it back from Gallagher and have a chance to counter-attack, and Zinchenko plays it over the top to Martinelli. He drives towards the penalty area and bursts into the box, and he only has Petrovic to beat. He looks to lift it over the Chelsea goalkeeper, but Petrovic makes a smart save.
FULL-TIME: ARSENAL 5-0 CHELSEA
Arsenal secure a three-point lead at the top of the Premier League after a sensational 5-0 victory over Chelsea. There wasn't much to split the two teams in the opening 45 minutes, despite the Gunners grabbing an early goal through Trossard, who fired into the bottom corner from close range. Disasi, Fernandez, and Cucurella all had opportunities to equalise before the break, but Arsenal went into half-time a goal ahead. In the second half, Arteta's side started brightly, with White and Havertz both finding the back of the net before the 60th minute, giving the Blues a mountain to climb. The home side found a fourth as Havertz pounced inside the penalty area, drilling a low shot into the bottom corner after some good work from Saka off the wing. The Gunners sealed the victory as White's somewhat fortuitous volley across goal found its way into the back of the net after a lofted assist from Odegaard. Despite a fairly even first half, Arsenal were deserved winners in the end, creating 3.37 expected goals compared to Chelsea's 1.61. Up next for Arteta and his team is the North London Derby against Tottenham, while Chelsea head to the Midlands to face Aston Villa. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League match between Burnley and Brentford.
Ahead of this fixture, Burnley manager Vincent Kompany spoke about his intentions of doing ‘something special’ in the remainder of the season. With 10 games to go and the Clarets still 10 points from safety and languishing in the relegation zone, Kompany and Burnley need that something special right away. Looking for their first league win in 11 games, they face another team in the relegation discussion in Brentford. Injuries to key players have been a big problem for Burnley, but they will look to rely on in-form striker David Datro Fofana.
After a tough run of games for Brentford, which has seen them play Tottenham, Manchester City (twice), Liverpool, Chelsea, and Arsenal all within their last eight games, Thomas Frank’s side find themselves in the relegation battle. However, they finally go in as favourites in a Premier League clash, against 19th-placed Burnley. Brentford are looking to snap a five-match winless run and a win could propel them to 14th place on the table. They have also been impacted by injuries, but the return of a few players is on the horizon.
BURNLEY (4-4-2): Arijanet Muric; Charlie Taylor, Maxime Esteve, Dara O'Shea, Lorenz Assignon; Jacob Bruun Larsen, Sander Berge, Josh Cullen, Vitinho; Wilson Odobert, David Datro Fofana.
SUBS: James Trafford, Hjalmar Ekdal, Jack Cork, Johann Gudmundsson, Jay Rodriguez, Benson Manuel, Zeki Amdouni, Josh Brownhill.
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Mark Flekken; Nathan Collins, Kristoffer Ajer, Zanka; Sergio Reguilón, Vitaly Janelt, Mathias Jensen, Frank Onyeka, Mads Roerslev; Yoane Wissa, Ivan Toney.
SUBS: Thomas Strakosha, Ji-soo Kim, Shandon Baptiste, Yehor Yarmoliuk, Neal Maupay, Saman Ghoddos, Bryan Mbuemo, Mikkel Daamsgaard, Keane Lewis-Potter.
Only the solitary change for Burnley from their draw with West Ham last weekend. Goalkeeper Arijanet Muric comes in for his first ever Premier League appearance, replacing James Trafford and ending his run of 28 consecutive league appearances this season.
Brentford, on the other hand, have made two changes from their narrow 1-2 loss to Arsenal. Christian Norgaard misses out through injury and Mathias Jensen replaces him in central midfield. Sergio Reguilon returns from injury and replaces Keane Lewis-Potter down the left. Bryan Mbuemo is back as well, and he is on the bench for this one.
The teams are making their way out to the middle. Brentford, who won the reverse fixture 3-0 back in October, may be favourites going into this one, but Burnley have only lost one of their past 11 home league games against the Bees. We're close to kick-off!
KICK-OFF! Turf Moor is ready for action, the managers have their customary embrace, and Brentford kick us off in the first-half.
Not much drama in the early minutes. But the first free kick of the game goes to Burnley in the middle of the pitch for a foul on Odobert by Zanka.
VAR check for a PENALTY! Huge early moment in the match as there is a VAR check on a penalty for Burnley. Reguilon aggresively goes into the back of Vitinho as the latter goes for a shot in the box. The referee missed it at first.
PENALTY GIVEN! After a lengthy VAR check, the penalty is given and it is Bruun Larsen who steps up to the spot.
RED CARD! Sergio Reguilon's return from injury lasts only a few minutes as he is sent off for that foul on Vitinho. Massive problem for Brentford early on.
GOOOOOALLLL! Bruun Larsen stays calm and finds the left corner from the penalty spot. Flekken guessed correctly but just could not get to the ball. Burnley 1-0 Brentford.
Burnley on the attack again right away but the attack fizzles as Cullen's cross has no takers. Nevertheless, big headache now for Thomas Frank's side.
Reguilon's red card in the ninth minute is the fastest a player has been sent off in the Premier League this season.
Brentford have lost all six games away from home this season when conceding the first goal. They need a win today and they have to find a way to break that streak.
CHANCE! Brentford's first decent chance as Jensen sends in a set piece from the right, which finds Toney, but the striker can only send his header wide from 15 yards.
Burnley have not quite capitalised on Brentford being down to 10 men. They are giving away many free kicks.
With that early goal, and Brentford being down to 10, Opta's prediction model is making Burnley the big favourites to go on and win this match. Their win probability stands at 77 per cent!
DOUBLE SAVE! O'Shea shockingly fluffs a pass to his keeper and Muric runs back to clear the ball off the goal line. The ball then falls to Toney, who has a shot and again Muric is there to help it around the post.
Brentford have a record of W0, D0, L6 when conceding the opening goal away from home in the Premier League this season. Can Frank's side correct that run at Turf Moor?
Brentford are in this. Suddenly, Burnley are the ones that look flustered and the Bees are the ones that are enjoying more of the possession.
Not much happening in these last couple of minutes but Burnley definitely not looking comfortable at the back especially.
Burnley find something to get the home crowd going. An attacking move finds Bruun Larsen in the box who takes a shot on his left foot, but is denied by a solid block from Ajer.
Burnley are now looking to be more proactive. They sense that another goal before half-time could make things extremely tricky for the 10-man Brentford.
A free-kick for Burnley on the half-way line. The ball falls to Esteve in the box off a cross from the right but he cannot control it well enough. It's a goal kick for Brentford.
Chants of 'Come on Burnley' across Turf Moor. Kompany does not seem happy with his players for their inability to keep possession so far and he seems quite animated on the touchline.
HUGE MISS! Shocker of a miss that from Fofana and it comes just a week after his brilliant strike against West Ham. Asignon does so well to dribble past a defender in the box on the right, then finds an unmarked Fofana three yards from goal, but the Chelsea loanee fails to hit the target.
Odobert for Burnley comes inside and lets one rip rom 22 yards. The ball rises well over the bar though.
FIVE MINUTES added time in this first half, primarily owing to that lengthy VAR check early on. Burnley have had 13 touches so far in the opposition box to Brentford's nine.
BIG CHANCE! Brentford this time with a massive chance. Toney sends Wissa through on goal with only Muric to beat. The goalkeeper makes a superb stop to send it away from goal. He has been very impressive on debut.
SAVE! So much happening there and Burnley survive twice. First, Bruun Larson gets through in the box, takes a shot on the left, but Flekken saves it. Not long after, Flekken rolls the ball out to clear, Fofana sneaks in from behind and wins the ball, but cannot do much as Flekken pokes it away for a corner.
HALF-TIME: BURNLEY 1-0 BRENTFORD
A chaotic start, a comparatively subdued middle, and a chaotic end to that first half. No shortage of drama whatsoever. Brentford went down to 10 men in just nine minutes as Reguilon was sent off. Bruun Larsen converted the resulting penalty to put the Clarets ahead. Brentford certainly had their chances, but Burnley had the better ones throughout that half and came so close to doubling their lead right at the end of the half. Stay tuned for the second half.
Burnley created so many more chances and the xG (expected goals) shows just that. Burnley had an xG of 2.06 in the first half to Brentford's 0.56. Fofana leading the Clarets' tally with an xG of 0.91. Changes in the second half? We'll know soon.
If the second half is anything like the first, we're in for a thriller. No changes from either team and Burnley get things underway.
Burnley are unbeaten in their last 12 Premier League matches when leading at half-time. Meanwhile, Brentford have lost six of eight games this season when trailing at half-time.
First potent attack of the half from Burnley. They work it well to Bruun Larsen down the line and he smashes one across the face of goal from the left. Vitinho charges in to find a touch but just cannot connect.
SAVE! Burnley at it again! Taylor plays a lovely ball into the box from the left off a free-kick and tries to find a red shirt. But Onyeka nervously clears it away.
High pressure from Burnley! Chance after chance, attack after attack. But still no breakthrough for a second.
The medical team is out to check on Roerslev after he gets hit by a boot in the face. They are trying to stop the bleeding and there is a break in play.
As the medics continue to treat Roerslev, both teams are looking at possible subs. It looks like Brentford are preparing for a double change. Roerslev is back on his feet thankfully.
First change of the match and its a double change for the visitors. Yarmoliuk comes in for Onyeka first up.
Roerslev cannot continue after that injury and is replaced by Lewis-Potter.
Lewis-Potter into the action right away. He finds space on the counter but cannot get his shot away with the Burnely defence coming up clutch.
GOOOOOALLLL! Fofana makes no mistake this time, and it is 2-0 to Burnley. Shortly after that Brentford attack, Burnley are on the counter. Fofana is released in behind the Brentford defence, stays calm, and neatly places it past Flekken into the far corner.
Odobert with the assist for that goal as he does very well to find the in-form Fofana off a Burnley counter.
Brentford are struggling here now. Burnley continue the big-time pressure, Odobert with a shot at goal from inside the box, but hits it straight at Flekken.
YELLOW CARD! Janelt goes into the book after going into the back of Fofana.
First change for Burnley. Amdouni replaces one of the goalscorers today, Bruun Larsen, who gets a big cheer from the home fans.
A corner for Brentford is swung in and yet again Muric does so well in goal. Comes up strongly and punches it away to ensure there is no trouble for his team.
Burnley on the move down the left again. A cross finds Amdouni but his header does not have much power and it is an easy save for Flekken.
Burnley try to get Amdouni running in behind again on the counter. But Ajer is up to the task and sends the ball away to keep the score at 2-0.
Neal Maupay comes on for Jensen as Brentford are now looking to throw all at it.
In the last of a triple change for the Bees, Baptiste replaces Janelt.
Mbuemo is back in action! He comes in for Wissa for the last few minutes.
YELLOW CARD. Amdouni is in the book for a foul on Collins, who does very well to break through from the back.
Baptiste delivers a delicious cross into the box from the right flank to find Ajer after Brentford keep it alive following the Toney incident.
GOOOOOALLLL! Brentford back in it and it is 2-1. The comeback is on! A fantastic cross comes in from the right and Ajer gets his head on it to just poke it into the bottom left corner. A helpless Muric just looks on. Just moments earlier, a VAR check was on for a potential foul by the keeper on Toney but the goal came seconds later.
Ajer is booked for celebrating in the referee's face after that goal.
Nervous times for Burnley here. A cross from the right finds Lewis-Potter, but his header lands safely in Muric's arms.
Foster comes in for Fofana as things are getting very interesting in this game.
Nine minutes added on and anything is still possible in this one.
YELLOW CARD. Taylor goes into the book
CHANCE! Odobert gets in behind Collins and in on goal. He gets a shot away, but Brentford get back to make the clearance.
SILLY FOUL! Amdouni with a bad challenge on Toney from about 30 yards out. Mbuemo's ball comes in, Toney leans on Muric, and gives away a foul. Toney has made five fouls in this one, the most for any player. Not a good way for him to celebrate his birthday!
Amdouni, already a sub and on a yellow, is now replaced by Brownhill.
MASSIVE MOMENT! GOAL RULED OUT! A high ball comes sailing into the back post from Baptiste. Toney rises again, the ball finds the back of the net, but the goal is disallowed for a foul on Muric. VAR checks, but stays with the on-field call of no goal!
Let's not forget. Burnley fluffed a 2-0 lead against West Ham just last weekend. Deja vu? That disallowed Brentford goal suggests maybe not.
YELLOW CARD for Toney! It's been that kind of a day on his 28th birthday. A long ball from Brentford challenges Muric and Toney is there again. This time he goes in quite heavily on the keeper, who is in a bit of pain, and Toney is booked.
After Burnley clear a Brentford attack, Baptiste crashes into Cullen on the halfway line. With that, time is now really running out for Brentford.
FULL-TIME: BURNLEY 2-1 BRENTFORD
Phew, what a game! Burnley break that losing streak, much to the sheer joy of the home fans. After Brentford went down to 10 men in no time and Burnley went 1-0 up, it seemed as if the Bees were in for a long day. They went 2-0 down after Fofana added to his impressive run with another goal. But Brentford kept ticking away and an Ajer header brought them right back in the game. After losing a 2-0 lead just last week, Burnley looked shaky again and almost gave away the equaliser, but a bit of luck went their way as Toney's goal was disallowed. The Clarets hung on for a 2-1 win and had an xG of 2.66 to Brentford's 1.07. Fofana led the charge with a 1.06 xG, while Toney had an off day with an xG of 0.48. Burnley stay in 19th place ahead of facing Chelsea after the international break. For Brentford, however, this was a huge missed opportunity to get some breathing space in the relegation battle. They stay in 15th place, but just four points above the relegation zone, before facing Manchester United in two weeks. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Fulham and Tottenham at Craven Cottage!
Fulham start the day in 12th but have the opportunity to close the gap to the top half of the table with a win here. They've lost just two of their last seven outings (W3 D2), and even though they come into this game on the back of a disappointing 2-1 loss to Wolves, two of their recent wins have come on home soil, including a 3-0 victory over Brighton in their last such outing. The Cottagers have lost 14 of their last 16 Premier League games against Spurs though (W1 D1), going winless in the last nine (D1 L8) since a 1-0 win at White Hart Lane in March 2013.
A win for Spurs today would see them leapfrog Aston Villa into fourth spot, as they don't play until tomorrow. They've lost just one of their last eight Premier League matches (W5 D2), but have won back-to-back games leading up to this one, including a huge 4-0 victory over the Villains last weekend. Spurs have also won each of their last seven trips to Craven Cottage, which is their joint-best run of away victories against an opponent in the competition (also two runs of seven against Villa).
FULHAM STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Tosin Adarabioyo, Calvin Bassey, Antonee Robinson; Joao Palhinha, Sasa Lukic; Willian, Andreas Pereira, Alex Iwobi; Rodrigo Muniz.
FULHAM SUBS: Kenny Tete, Tom Cairney, Tim Ream, Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Raul Jimenez, Harrison Reed, Harry Wilson, Marek Rodak, Adama Traore.
TOTTENHAM STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Radu Dragusin, Destiny Udogie; Yves Bissouma, Pape Sarr; Dejan Kulusevski, James Maddison, Brennan Johnson; Son Heung-Min.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Ben Davies, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Timo Werner, Giovani Lo Celso, Rodrigo Bentancur, Oliver Skipp, Richarlison, Brandon Austin, Emerson Royal.
Marco Silva makes two changes to the side that lost to Wolves last weekend as Palhinha and William are brought into the starting line-up. Reed and Wilson both start on the bench, as does Jimenez, who is deemed fit enough after recovering from a thigh injury.
There's just one change by Ange Postecoglou from their win over Villa on Sunday, and it's an enforced one. Micky van de Ven was forced off with a knee injury in that match so he's unavailable. Dragusin comes in to take his place. They are boosted by the return of Richarlison, who is back on the bench after overcoming a knee problem.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Kulusevski gets the game under way for Spurs!
BLOCK! After such a long spell of possession, Spurs sloppily give it away in their own half, with Iwobi sliding it forward for Muniz in the box. Sarr slides in to block his effort, and Pereira's follow-up is deflected out for a corner off Dragusin.
It's a positive run from Iwobi, who weaves away from two Spurs players before trying to set up a one-two with Muniz, but the forward is fouled. Fulham win a free-kick, and they're on the attack once more.
It's a wonderful chipped pass over the top from Palhinha to pick out Muniz's run between the Spurs centre-backs. It doesn't bounce kindly for him though, and Dragusin gets across well to nudge him away from it.
Spurs win their first corner of the game, and Johnson pulls it back to Maddison on the edge of the box. His floated cross creates space for Kulusevski on the opposite flank, but he can't keep it in play.
The visitors win a free-kick on the right, and Porro whips in a good delivery, which causes some confusion. Sarr scuffs at his volley and Dragusin can't bring it under control to get a shot away either.
GOOD SAVE! Palhinha steps in to win possession high upfield, and he pokes it out to the right for Iwobi, who helps it onto Lukic. He drills a low shot on goal which Vicario parries, and Muniz's follow-up is blocked by Romero.
Following their 4-0 win at Villa last time out, Spurs are looking to secure back-to-back away league wins for the first time since October. They've scored at least twice in each of their last six on the road, only once having a longer run in their league history (10 between April and October 1960).
Willian's cross clears everyone in the middle, but Iwobi brings it down on the far side. He has the right idea as he pulls it back to the edge of the box, but Lukic makes no move to attack it, and Maddison is able to clear the danger.
Maddison is at the left-back position in an attempt to have an impact on this game, and he's tripped while playing a one-two with Sarr. He takes the free-kick short to Johnson, who can't pick out a cross.
Robinson is caught on the ball deep in his own half, and Kulusevski's only aim is to get into the box. Bassey does brilliantly to get across to him though, and the defender comes away with it cleanly.
Willian lifts it over the top to Lukic, but he can't bring it down on the stretch in the box. The hosts are quick to flood back into their shape, stopping Spurs from being able to launch a quick counter.
Lukic pops up on the right this time, and he has acres of space to run into. He tries to square it into the box early for Muniz, but Dragusin recovers well once more to cut it out.
GREAT CHANCES! Robinson fizzes a dangerous low cross in from the left, and Vicario is beaten, but it's just behind Muniz in the middle and he can't make contact. Spurs surge forward on the counter, and Maddison pulls it back to Son, who lifts his first-time shot over the bar. That's the visitors' first effort of the game.
SAVE! It's end-to-end at the moment, with both sides being opened up with pacy attacks. It comes down Fulham's right once more, with Iwobi pulling it back to Willian, but Vicario holds his first-time shot down the middle.
SAVE! Son is pushed off the ball, but he still manages to get a pass into Sarr before he goes down. He pokes it onto Maddison, who in turn helps it to Johnson on the left of the box, but his shot is tame, and Leno gets down to it.
Fulham don't clear their lines properly after a Spurs corner, and it's recycled by Dragusin, who stayed forward on the left. He plays a dangerous low ball across the face of goal, but Kulusevski is caught on his heels and can't get to it.
JUST WIDE! Spurs are upping the pressure now as Udogie races past Castagne on the left to pull it back to Maddison. He takes it first time, fizzing his low shot just inches wide of Leno's near post.
Castagne is struggling to cope with the threat that Spurs are posing down their left side at the minute as Udogie plays another cross into Maddison. He tries to clip it over the top to Kulusevski, but Bassey does well to cut it out.
Iwobi has created the most changes from open play of any Fulham player (34) in the Premier League this season, including three in the first half of this game already.
Fulham just can't keep hold of the ball at the moment, but Spurs are still struggling to test Leno. Udogie can't find any space down the left this time, but when it's switched to the opposite flank, Porro has the same issue.
Willian gets the better of Porro down the left, but when he gets his head up, nobody is waiting in the box. He still swings a hopeful cross in, but it's an easy collection for Vicario.
Spurs are winning a lot of free-kicks, but they haven't been able to make anything of them. Maddison takes this one quickly from the left, but floats it straight into Leno's gloves when none of his team-mates attack it.
MUNIZ SCORES! Leno goes long, and Pereira just helps it out to Robinson on the left. Porro barely has time to close him down before the American curls a brilliant early cross into the box, and Muniz has time to get it out of his feet before drilling a low shot back across goal. After a very quick VAR check, it stands! 1-0 Fulham!
It's a wonderful low cross from Robinson on the left, and it takes three Spurs defenders out of the game on its way to Muniz.
Muniz is already looking for another goal involvement as he drives forward down the right this time. Iwobi is racing into the box with Pereira, but Johnson steps across the Brazilian before he can get too far.
Into the first of two added minutes at the end of the half, Fulham win a free-kick on the right, which Pereira swings into the box. Lukic is closest to it, but with four Spurs players around him, he can't do much with it.
HALF-TIME: FULHAM 1-0 TOTTENHAM.
Muniz's goal gives Fulham a 1-0 lead over Spurs at half-time. On balance, Fulham had the better chances in the first half, and Vicario was forced into a good save to deny Lukic early on at his near post. Muniz continued his fine run of form in front of goal just before the break, latching onto Robinson's superb cross and slotting it into the far bottom corner to break the deadlock. Spurs struggled to get going, with Leno only having one comfortable save to make so far.
Postecoglou won't be too happy with his team's performance so far - they've created an xG (expected goals) of just 0.5 in the first half from five shots and just one on target, though it took them until the 24th minute to register their first effort. He'll be looking for a big improvement. Compare that to Fulham's xG of 0.96 and their three shots on target, and the Cottagers look the more comfortable side, but Silva will know they can't get complacent.
Fulham get us back under way for the second half!
Fulham have made a bright start to the second half, and they're keeping Spurs penned back in their own half. Iwobi spreads it out to Pereira on the right, but his low cross is played too close to Vicario.
LUKIC SCORES! What a start to the second half for the Cottagers! Spurs are wide open in midfield, and Lukic has so much time to pick out a pass to Iwobi on the right. He helps it out to Castagne, who whips a dangerous cross into the box, and Lukic gets in front of his defender at the near post to get a touch which takes it past Vicario for his first Fulham goal. 2-0 Fulham!
Udogie is really slow to get out to Castagne, and with that time, he picks out a great cross to Lukic.
Again, Fulham look to their wide areas to make something happen, and this time, it's Robinson down the left. He gets a yard on Porro to swing it in, but Romero hooks it away in the middle.
Pereira is down for Fulham, and it looks like he's jarred his right knee when awkwardly going into a challenge on Bissouma. He receives treatment but is still moving gingerly when he gets back to his feet. He's going to try and carry on.
Maddison skips away from Palhinha, who lunges in but gets nowhere near the ball. Instead, he catches Maddison on the ankle with his studs, and he receives the first booking of the game.
This is the 11th game in which Spurs have failed to score in the first half of a Premier League outing this season, though they have scored 22 goals in the second 45 minutes across the previous 10 such matches.
Bissouma sells himself as he slides in but fails to block Lukic's pass. Muniz wasn't expecting it to get as far as him, so he belatedly gives chase, but he can't keep it in play against Porro.
GOOD SAVE! Iwobi and Castagne are linking up well down the right, and the defender's overlapping run is picked out once more. He drills a low shot at the near post, but Vicario gets down to smother it.
MUNIZ SCORES AGAIN! It's a mess from Spurs as the corner comes in from Pereira, and Palhinha nods it down to Bassey at the far post. He turns away from Romero and smacks his shot off the near post, and Muniz is waiting in the middle. He gets there ahead of Dragusin, who kicks the Brazilian's calf in his attempt to get the ball, but Muniz's touch is enough to take it trickling over the line. 3-0 Fulham!
It's clumsy from Bissouma, who has hold of Palhinha's arm before he clips the back of his heels. He's protesting his innocence, but it doesn't stop him from getting a yellow card.
Muniz is still struggling after getting that kick to the calf from Dragusin earlier, and he goes down again. He's going to have to go off, with Jimenez making his return from injury in his place.
NO GOAL! Fulham are denied a fourth! William lifts a lovely ball to the left of the box, and Adarabioyo nods it down for Palhinha, who is completely unmarked on the edge of the box. His drilled shot takes a deflection off Jimenez before it hits the back of the net, but since the Mexican was offside, the goal will be ruled out. Still 3-0!
Postecoglou is making a triple change in reaction to conceding their third goal of the game. Bissouma, who was booked not too long ago, is taken off for Hojbjerg.
Maddison is also taken off, with Bentancur on in his place.
And Werner, who has scored in his last two matches for Spurs, comes on in place of Sarr.
That's better from Spurs as it's spread out to Son on the left side, and he drills a dangerous ball across the face of goal. Johnson is hovering in the middle on the edge of the six-yard box, but he makes no move to attack it. That could've been a tap-in!
GREAT CHANCE! How has Werner missed that? Kulusevski nicks it off Robinson and quickly helps it onto Johnson ahead of him. The winger fizzes it into the area, and Werner sticks out a leg but can only direct it wide of the far post from about two yards out.
SAVE! Those changes from Spurs have had the desired effect, and they're suddenly trying to have an impact in this game. Werner shakes off Castagne and tries his luck from a tight angle on the left, but Leno gets down to tip it wide.
Again, Spurs look to their left to make something happen, and Werner pulls it back to Bentancur on the edge of the box. He takes the shot first time, but it's straight down the middle, and Leno holds onto it.
Fulham are making their second change now. Pereira is taken off, with Wilson brought on in his place.
Before their triple change, Spurs had created an xG of just 0.05 in the second half, but things have changed since then. It's now up to 1.62, and while Postecoglou will be encouraged by the change he's seen, it may be too little, too late.
Kulusevski makes a driving run down the right, but Fulham are still defending in numbers and dealing with any crosses into their box. Another attack goes to waste for Spurs, and Hojbjerg is urging his team-mates to calm things down.
Muniz is the youngest Fulham player to score a brace in a Premier League London derby (22y 317d), with the previous youngest to do so: Louis Saha in March 2002 against Chelsea (23y 210d).
Son catches Palhinha with a late challenge, and Spurs aren't happy that the free-kick is given against them. Johnson crosses a line with his protests, and is booked for dissent.
Johnson has just had his name taken by the referee, and he's now going off, with Richarlison given 10 minutes to try and make an impact.
Fulham's final change is a triple one. The other goalscorer, Lukic, is taken off, with Reed on in his place.
Iwobi, who has given Udogie a hard time down the right and managed four key passes in this game, also goes off. De Cordova-Reid replaces him.
And Castagne is also taken off, with Tete coming on for him.
CHANCE! Werner slides a lovely throughball into the box for Richarlison, who neatly skips away from Bassey before setting himself for a shot. Palhinha slides in at the last moment to put him off, and the Brazilian blazes his shot over just as the offside flag goes up.
Spurs are still keeping possession well when they win it back, but it's all in front of Fulham. The visitors are staying patient in their build-up, but they don't have a lot of time left to mount a late comeback.
WIDE! It's a wonderful bending run from Kulusevski from the right to get inside Robinson, and he nods the cross down into a good area. Nobody spots Richarlison as he darts onto it, but he volleys his first-time shot wide of the near post.
Spurs' final roll of the dice sees their captain, Son, replaced by Lo Celso.
Fulham are happy to let Spurs keep possession as we head into the last minute of the 90. They've got the three points wrapped up, and are sitting deep to close off the space.
GOOD SAVE! It turns out, Fulham aren't done quite yet as Willian slides a brilliant throughball into Wilson, who gets in front of Dragusin. He's one-on-one with Vicario, but the keeper rushes out to smother his shot.
We're into the second of seven added minutes, and Spurs are caught on the ball once more. Tete intercepts a pass meant for Werner and threads it forward for De Cordova-Reid in the box, but Romero blocks his shot.
Spurs have looked to their right side a lot, with 42.7 per cent of their attacks coming from this wing, and Porro pushes forward once more. He lays it off to Lo Celso on the edge of the box, but he curls his shot straight into Leno's gloves.
There's a coming together between Reed and Bentancur, and the referee has to step in to calm things down. The Fulham midfielder is booked for his part in the argument.
And Bentancur is also booked for the coming together, though the Uruguayan is still complaining when the referee walks away from him.
FULL-TIME: FULHAM 3-0 TOTTENHAM.
Muniz's brace helps Fulham to a 3-0 victory over Spurs. The Brazilian opened the scoring just before half-time when he latched onto Robinson's brilliant low cross and sent it into the far bottom corner. Spurs struggled to get going in the first half, and they were punished for an even slower start to the second as Fulham tripled their lead within the first 16 minutes. Lukic scored his first goal for the club with a close-range tap-in before Muniz got his second of the game just after the hour-mark when he bundled it over the line. They were denied a fourth moments later by the flag, as Palhinha's shot deflected in off Jimenez, who was offside. Postecoglou made changes, and they attempted to fight back, but Werner fired wide from two yards out, with Richarlison also missing a late chance to get a consolation. Fulham stay 12th but are now just two points off the top half of the table, and they'll travel to Sheffield United in their next game after the international break. Spurs miss out on the chance to move fourth and leapfrog Villa, who could reopen the gap to fifth to five points tomorrow. They host Luton Town next time out. That's all for today, goodbye!
Welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League! We're down to the drama of the final ten fixtures and this one's a match that could be pivotal in both clubs' seasons! 18th-placed Luton Town welcome 17th-placed Nottingham Forest to Kenilworth Road. We're down to fine margins. Three points would go a huge distance in helping either team's bid for survival - especially as the chatter continues to swirl regarding points deductions in the lower half of the table.
In 17th place on 24 points, Forest sit just three points away from the hosts, precariously outside of the relegation places with 10 matches left. Directly below on 21 points, Luton are fighting to avoid relegation and uproot the Tricky Trees’ plans of survival - but do so in the face of ever-mounting injury woes.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-2-1): Thomas Kaminksi; Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu, Teden Mengi, Reece Burke; Alfie Doughty, Ross Barkley, Jordan Clark, Issa Kabore; Tahith Chong, Chiedozie Ogbene; Carlton Morris.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: James Shea, Tim Krul, Luke Berry, Cauley Woodrow, Daiki Hashioka, Andros Townsend, Luke Nelson, Axel Piesold, Dominic Dos Santos Martins.
Town boss Rob Edwards makes one change to the Luton side that started Wednesday's 4-3 loss at Bournemouth. Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu comes into the team for Daiki Hashioka, who drops to the bench. Tahith Chong was forced off with a knock on Wednesday but starts, as does Ross Barkley despite taking another blow to his broken nose sustained at Crystal Palace. Edwards confirmed that Sambi Lokonga is likely to be the next player to come back from injury but, striker Elijah Adebayo has suffered a set-back in his recovery from a hamstring injury and is likely to be out of action beyond the international break.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-2-3-1): Matz Sels; Harry Toffolo, Murillo, Willy-Arnaud Boly, Neco Williams; Ibrahim Sangare, Ryan Yates; Divock Origi, Morgan Gibbs-White, Anthony Elanga; Chris Wood.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Callum Hudson-Odoi, Cheikhou Kouyate, Danilo, Felipe, Giovanni Reyna, Matt Turner, Nicolas Dominguez, Rodrigo Ribeiro.
Forest head coach Nuno Espirito Santo hinted at changes to his starting line-up following last weekend's 1-0 defeat by Brighton. He’s gone for three alterations to the side that started at the Amex. In come Willy Boly, Ibrahim Sangare and Anthony Elanga with Andrew Omobamidele, Danilo and Nicolas Dominguez on the bench. Fit-again Borussia Dortmund-loanee Giovani Reyna is also among the substitutes. As reported by the Athletic’s Daniel Taylor, Taiwo Awoniyi is not in the squad after picking up a fresh injury that sets him back for weeks. Gonzalo Montiel and Nuno Tavares remain out.
Today’s two teams arrive looking to better their recent form. As said, Forest slumped 1-0 against Brighton away for their third straight loss. Luton also lost their last Premier League match 4-3. Succumbing to quite ridiculous comeback drama at the Vitality Stadium against Bournemouth, the Hatters gave up a 3-0 half-time lead to extend their winless streak to seven (W0 D2 L5).
The officiating team selection today sees Darren England as the key man in the middle at Kenilworth Road. James Mainwaring and Richard West are his assistants, while Dean Whitestone is the fourth official and Andrew Madley is on VAR duty.
KICK-OFF! So, as the clock approaches 15:00, the players emerge from deep in this throwback stadium's bowels. They grace the turf amid a roar of support from both the home contingent, and the Forest fans tucked away in the Oak Road stand. Both sides know what's at stake in this, another critical clash that could sway who stays in the Premier League and who goes down. Forest win the toss, and Wood gets us underway.
As Luton begin with great pace and noise, it's clear how attractive the prospect of a win would be here. With the ability to leapfrog Forest, and put the midweek misery out of mind, the Hatters look ready here. Forest too, know all too well about the atmosphere in Bedfordshire, having played in the Championship.
Forest make good distance down the right, but the final effort is tame and scuffles through to Kaminski.
Going back to redemption after midweek, manager Edwards was clear on how he went about picking his side up. “There’s no other way, we’ve just got to get it out of the system. We watched it back. We can review it with the players, as we said afterwards, learn from the bits we got wrong and try and keep working on the stuff that we did well.”
Mpanzu makes a great challenge on Origi. The stand-in defender slides in well on the Belgian as he looked to have a clear shot at goal just on the edge. The block has Mpanzu on the floor. All of Luton persuasion will be hoping it's just an impact knock. Luton already have ten players out...
Mpanzu is fine and both sides continue to make themselves familiar with the ball.
Luton's build up is intriguing and Barkley manages a low shot from the edge of the box. It's back across Sels from the right-side, but the Belgian gets down well.
Barkley testing the waters here again. Forest's defence breaks out into a lush clearing for the midfielder, but his shot is straight at Sels.
Barkley fizzes one from the edge once more! Forest are giving him way too much space. It just shaves the right post. Sangare was the man to leave him free. They've got to watch the former Everton man, he's getting closer...
Forest are under pressure early here. The home crowd are no-doubt helping to feed the formative confidence. Edwards claimed that his side "need them more than ever" in Friday's press conference. They're certainly going to play a big part in proceedings today.
Morris and Boly clash. Clark chases, but Murillo shields the ball out of play. Clark shoves the Brazilian and then Morris and Boly get involved. Well dealt with by the referee as tempers calm down.
Forest counter well and Gibbs-White slots in Origi nicely. Kaminski comes out on the right side. Origi dinks him, but Kabore easily clears as it trundles towards the net. Close, and just as this commentator was going to say they have yet to get going...
Free-kick for Forest on the right after Chong fouls Williams. Gibbs-White provides a perfect delivery for his runners. Boly rises high, but his header strays left of the mark. He made that look very easy!
Morris isn't happy. There's been a few fouls on him already here. Could it be that he's being targeted? It makes sense, as he has scored in each of his last three Premier League home games for Luton. He’s been involved in four (three goals, one assist) in his last four at Kenilworth Road, one more than in his first 10 at home in the competition (one goal, two assists).
A mazey run from Clark sees Sangare track back. The Luton midfielder goes down in the box, but there's nothing in the shout. The Ivorian recovered well there.
Forest have worked a corner on the left. Gibbs-White stands over it. It doesn't get past Barkley at the front-post. It certainly wasn't one of his signature deliveries.
October was the last time these two faced off. Luton were staring defeat in the face at the City Ground before a 10-minute turnaround salvaged a draw for the Hatters. Chris Wood’s second half double was matched with late Luton goals from Chiedozie Ogbene and Elijah Adebayo, with the latter finding the net in stoppage time.
Luton are trying to find their dangerous wingers. It's a big part of Edwards' set-up here, yet a ball floats way over the left post.
Luton are unbeaten in their last five league games against Nottingham Forest (W2 D3), having lost five of six against them before this (W1).
Forest have won just one of their last 18 Premier League games against promoted sides (D11 L6), beating Sheffield United 2-1 earlier this season. Away from home, they’ve drawn eight of their last nine such games, losing the other at Fulham last term. That said, this Forest team can transition in the blink of an eye.
Foul by Chong on Williams, as the right-back jumps for the high ball. Forest move it across the pitch and break away down the left. Gibbs-White finds himself through...
Kabore brings down the Forest danger man. Right on the edge of the D, Gibbs-White knocks it away from the Burkinabe defender. Yellow card.
Gibbs-White lifts his central-left free-kick into the family stand...
Luton survive the free-kick, but Burke is forced into heroics as Origi is unmarked on the right side of the 18-yard box! The former Liverpool fan favourite slinks into space as it's played square. He has all the time in the world and fires past Kaminski. However, Burke is there on the line to pick it out of the bottom left corner! Excellent defending!
GOOOAAALLLL FOR FOREST! Just as he did in the reverse fixture at the City Ground, Wood scores for Forest! Gibbs-White puts it on a silver platter from the right! Kaminski had no chance, as a deft right-footed touch was all it needed from a few yards out.
That assist was brilliant from Gibbs-White. Talk about chemistry! He just knew where his team-mate was going to be!
That opener was Woods' 150th goal in English league football, while Forest are the fifth team he’s scored over ten goals with in the top four tiers (Burnley 49, Leeds 41, Leicester 14, Millwall 11).
Forest have really grown into this one, yet Luton look to reignite their early spark. Chong strikes at goal from the central-left channel. It takes a nick and skims wide right for a Luton corner.
Doughty whips in Luton's first corner of the game. Alas, it's headed clear comfortably.
GOAL FOR LUTON TOWN!! MENGI SMASHES IN! It looks like another set-piece goal for the Hatters... but wait! Handball in the build-up by Mengi has it chalked off!
That handball is so close... From Doughty's corner on the right, the replays show that the newly called-up England U21 international has had it bounce off his thigh onto his hand! Mengi would've loved to celebrate a first call-up with a goal, no doubt.
The official has signalled that there will be three minutes of additional time.
With possession in Luton's favour 55 - 45 per cent, the hosts keep pushing! Forest are rooted to the edge of their box, yet Ogbene has eventually wasted the pressure. A heavy touch evades the Irishman and it goes out for a goal-kick.
HALF-TIME: LUTON TOWN 0-1 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
Forest enter the break with the lead here in Bedfordshire. In this crucial clash, Wood found a familiar groove and added to his two goals from the reverse fixture. This breakthrough came on 34 minutes, and arrived after Luton enjoyed much of the early exchanges - with Barkley notably firing three efforts in quick succession just after 11 minutes had gone. Wood's finish signalled his ninth goal of the season, but on a wider note - an impressive 150th goal in English league football. Gibbs-White has to take the credit for the hard work - his ball across from the right was delicate and deft, and synonymous with the ever-improving star. That was his tenth assist this term. Luton tried to retaliate, yet were left frustrated after Mengi's goal was disallowed from a Doughty corner for handball. The imposing defender saw the ball ricochet off his thigh and onto his hand before firing home from close range.
With that being said, in a game of fine margins and high stakes - Luton will want to make things tricky for the Trees at Kenilworth Road in the second period. The Hatters will have to ignore the fact that they've failed to score a first-half goal in 19 of their 29 games, and look to build on their bleak xG of 0.12. Forest on the other hand, sit favourably with their xG of 1.01. Luton can revel in the fact they've scored in 13 of their 14 Premier League home games this season, failing only in a 1-0 loss against Tottenham in October. Can Nuno keep Edwards men at bay? An enthralling second half awaits...
Edwards has gone for a change at the break. Woodrow emerges for Doughty. Vital goal-scoring takes the place of a provider - let's see how this goes!
KICK-OFF SECOND HALF: We're back under way here at Kenilworth Road.
Gibbs-White flies through! He tries to dink it over Kaminski but the Belgian blocks it with his arm. Burke tracks back and collides with Gibbs-White. The Englishman whinces after the fall, but is up after help from Kaminski.
Luton fans will be crossing everything as Morris staggers away from a Murillo stamp. Walk it off, Carlton - there's barely anyone left to replace you!
Gibbs-White finds a bit of space on the edge of the penalty area. However, his right-footed shot drags wide left. The lead has given the travelling side liberty in front of goal.
Luton have a corner. Mpanzu works nicely with Ogbene on the right. The low ball pings away from Morris and now Mengi wanders up. It goes away from him and Clark slams over from the ball that was dropping from height.
MENGI THE SAVIOUR! Excellent interplay from Forest sees Wood find Elanga in behind - he slides it past Kaminski BUT... Mengi tracks back excellently to get it off the line!
Chong makes a great run down the left. He sits down his tracking marker, but can't wrap his left foot round the ball and his cross goes out for a goal-kick. Promising, yet frustrating - especially when Doughty has just come off.
Mpanzu is down here, he's been flung into the advertising boards by Murillo! The fans aren't happy on that side. It's a shoulder-to-shoulder gone wrong. Mpanzu stumbles onwards as his side have the free-kick. Yet again, Edwards must be thinking 'run it off, Pelly!'
Chong's free-kick comes to nothing. Morris can't get a connection on the header. It goes straight up before Forest clear their lines. Mpanzu is back down. He looked to take the impact with the board to his chest after going over on his ankle. It looks like impact to the knee has done it for the loyal Hatter. Townsend is called to warm up by Edwards.
Luton want Mpanzu to stay on if he can. Magic spray? He looks like he's ok now and on he comes. AGAIN!
Well, it was too good to be true. Mpanzu finally succumbs to his knock and Townsend arrives in his place. He tried his best to push through but it wasn't enough.
MURILLO FROM INSIDE HIS OWN HALF?! Kaminski has to tip it over from the Brazilian's expert ping! Forest have a corner out of nothing. It comes to nothing but there's another kick to come as Woodrow heads behind.
The left-sided corner is cleared by Barkley as Luton look to build outwards now. However, Forest are making that difficult. There's another corner here for the visitors.
Gibbs-White takes and it's copy and paste. Barkley heads clear. Gibbs-White then comes back but can only fire wide-left. Speculative effort.
Three points for Forest and Nuno would be huge. Between August 2018 and April 2021, Nuno only lost three consecutive Premier League games on one occasion (109 games in total). Since then, he’s done so four times (26 games), including a current run with Nottingham Forest, but has never lost four in a row in the competition.
Luton enjoy a rare foray forward. Ball is eventually worked out to Townsend. His cross is on course for Woodrow at the back-left post - yet Forest head away.
Forest are trying to manage the tempo here. That's several warnings that referee Darren England has had to give out for time-consuming throw-ins. Luton thrive in a high, frenetic pace. Nuno's side are frustrating the hosts.
The Forest box is so congested. Luton work it in and out around the right side. With no viable crossing option, Townsend goes for goal. It's on target but Sels claims the curling left-footed with ease.
Williams surges on down the right for Forest as they've ridden the pressure well. Kabore tracks and slides. It's off for yet another corner for the away side.
Sangare leaps high, yet his header is whispy and floats tamely wide. Luton look to throw things forward.
Barkley slides in on Origi in the battle of old Merseyside players. At first glance, the tackle from the side looks alright - yet the referee has made himself unpopular and pulled it back. Barkley's bereft. This commentator would side with the Evertonian.
After being tackled, Origi comes off for Hudson-Odoi.
Wood's taken a knock, yet you feel he'd be off anyway. Felipe comes on as Forest potentially look to move to a back three.
Superb defending from Boly! Morris is found by Barkley, and the Hatters break away. However, Morris is halted by an excellently timed Boly tackle. Up the other end, Elanga fires at goal but Mengi deflects it behind for a corner on the right. Kaminski claims with ease.
As we approach the final ten minutes, it's worth looking at the intensity around this game. BBC Three Counties' Geoff Doyle previewed the clash well, "What it comes down to is decision-making, game management and footballing intelligence. It's not just about the basics like technique, talent and touch, the very best players have both skillsets. That's what Luton are up against - teams that can spend 10, 20, 30-million pounds to get those types of players. The Hatters might be able to do that in the future but, guess what, that would involve staying up. Football can be cruel, hence, Forest on Saturday is massive".
Into the final ten we go, and Forest are looking to add more strength in defence from the bench it seems. Dominguez one of two players warming up.
The man signed from Bologna takes Gibbs-White's place.
Luton are really struggling to break out here. Three times they try and clear, but Forest are unrelenting in reinforcing this lead.
Luton gradually work it out and move up the pitch. Ogbene looks to cook Toffolo for pace on the right. A tactical shirt pull sees him go into the book.
Clark comes off for Berry. The substitute arrives for his 150th appearance in a Luton shirt.
Ogbene fires at goal fom the edge of the box as Sels punches a left-sided corner out. It's blocked amid handball shouts. After the next corner, Morris and Yates are down after a clash of heads.
Dominguez fires at goal as Forest find reprieve from the waves of Luton pressure. It's blocked but the offside flag is up anyway. The hosts are looking to bring Hashioka into the fray.
Morris links up with Kabore. Kabore crosses and Toffolo blocks on the right for a Luton corner...
It was an excellently worked corner from the hosts. Burke rose like a salmon!
GOOOAALLLLL LUTON TOWN!! THIS TIME IT'S FOR REAL! LUKE BERRY FOR 1-1! The substitute has scored on his 150th Town appearance. Barkley floats the corner over and Burke heads it down at the back post and Berry sweeps the ball home! It's a first Premier League goal for a man who has played less than an hour of league football this season!
The noise levels are fluctuating with every run forward! We have seven minutes of added time to go...
After Felipe was warned for his part in an off-ball wrestling match with Morris, Sels gets booked for dissent.
We're going direct here... Culture is out the window! Expect route one descriptions.
Bizarre moment here as two experienced pros collide. Townsend and Barkley run into each other, and it leads to a late Forest corner on the right as Town throw bodies in to block.
YATES! Wow he caught that too well, if anything. As the ball drops, the midfielder fizzes it just wide of the right-post. That was a real let off for the Hatters.
We're having added time in added time! Barkley battles well and wins a free-kick on the right. He lofts it to the back post, Morris is there but it's high and straight to Sels! That must be the last chapter of the game...
FULL-TIME: LUTON TOWN 1-1 NOTTINGHAM FOREST
Well, in a game that had such high stakes - Luton battled back to secure a point against Nottingham Forest. At times, it really was a game that held the visceral drama that one may find in the Championship. Yet, with both teams vying not to return to England's second tier, the home crowd were treated to a high intensity match that was stoked by Wood's 34th minute goal. Gibbs-White found the Kiwi excellently for his ninth goal this term, and 150th in the English football league system. Just after this, Mengi thought that he'd smashed his side level. However, a handball in the build up cost him. Celebrations could finally resume late in the second half after the hosts fought tooth and nail. Substitute Berry notched on 89' for his first Premier League goal, latching on to a Burke header down from a Barkley corner. It set up a tense finale, with Luton eventually pegging Forest back despite the visitors accumulating a higher xG - 1.71 compared to the Hatters' 0.6. Now though, going into the international break, Luton remain in the bottom three with Forest still perched narrowly above them. Thanks for joining us for this enjoyable battle at the bottom of the table, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between West Ham and Aston Villa at the London Stadium!
Ahead of today's game - the final Premier League fixture before next week's internationals - West Ham demolished Freiburg in the Europa League. Keeping their dream of back-to-back continental titles alive, the London club ultimately cruised to a 5-1 aggregate success and booked a meeting with Bundesliga leaders Bayer Leverkusen in the quarter-finals. Last time out in the English top flight, the Hammers fought back from two goals down to rescue a point against relegation-threatened Burnley, and they sit seventh in the standings.
Like their hosts, Aston Villa now return to domestic duty on the back of an emphatic European victory. On Thursday, Unai Emery's men saw off Ajax in the Europa Conference League, and their 4-0 aggregate win set up a clash with Lille in next month's quarter-finals. The Villans suffered a painful loss by the same scoreline in their most recent Premier League match, versus top-four rivals Tottenham Hotspur. Following Spurs' subsequent defeat to Fulham, though, Villa can strengthen their grip on fourth place - victory today would increase their cushion to five points.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Kurt Zouma, Emerson Palmieri; Edson Alvarez, Tomas Soucek; Jarrod Bowen, Lucas Paqueta, Mohammed Kudus; Michail Antonio.
SUBS: Lukasz Fabianski, Angelo Ogbonna, Aaron Cresswell, George Earthy, Danny Ings, James Ward-Prowse, Kalvin Phillips, Nayef Aguerd, Ben Johnson.
ASTON VILLA (4-4-2): Emiliano Martinez; Ezri Konsa, Clement Lenglet, Pau Torres, Alex Moreno; Leon Bailey, Douglas Luiz, Youri Tielemans, Morgan Rogers; Jhon Duran, Ollie Watkins.
SUBS: Robin Olsen, Matty Cash, Moussa Diaby, Nicolo Zaniolo, Calum Chambers, Kaine Kessler, Lucas Digne, Tim Iroegbunam, Diego Carlos.
Despite the quick turnaround, David Moyes makes only two changes to the West Ham XI that crushed Freiburg: Areola returns in goal, while Emerson has been passed fit and replaces midweek goalscorer Cresswell at left-back. Maxwel Cornet is the hosts' sole absentee, due to a thigh injury.
Though Aston Villa's top scorer Watkins lasted only 33 minutes against Ajax before succumbing to a knee injury, he is fit to start today, alongside Colombian striker Duran. However, Villa captain John McGinn begins his three-match suspension today. Konsa is back from a European ban and starts in defence, but Tyrone Mings, Emi Buendia, Boubacar Kamara and Jacob Ramsey all remain unavailable.
The players are out on the pitch, and kick-off in this claret-and-blue contest is now just moments away!
Aston Villa kick off, and we are under way at the London Stadium!
Following their 4-1 win at Villa Park in October, Aston Villa are looking to complete a Premier League double over West Ham for just the second time; however, the Hammers are unbeaten in their last eight home games against today's visitors, since a 2-1 loss in April 2011.
After Bowen is caught offside when through on goal, Aston Villa struggle to work their way past West Ham's closing down, as the home side try to apply early pressure.
Rogers and Watkins combine just outside the box, but West Ham captain Zouma stands firm to see off the threat of Duran, who proved his potency again on Thursday, when scoring a powerful strike against Ajax.
Martinez makes a rare error, carelessly gifting the ball to Soucek on the edge of Villa's area, but Tielemans rescues his goalkeeper just in time with a well-judged challenge.
For the first time, West Ham are having to sit back a little more, as Villa dictate play with some precise passing. They've yet to make much progress into the final third, though.
A corner whipped in from the right by Bowen finds Paqueta on the edge of Villa's six-yard box, but the Brazilian's glancing header is steered comfortably over the crossbar.
SAVE! Bailey beats Emerson easily, then cuts a smart ball inside for Watkins, who appears on the right side of the area. The Villa striker shoots low and hard from a very tight angle, but Areola is equal to it, making a sharp stop with his feet!
It's a confident start from Aston Villa, who are bossing the ball now, as West Ham struggle to lay a glove on their opponents. The home side have become more and more passive, having only 29 per cent of possession.
Every claret-and-blue-clad West Ham player is back inside their own half, as they maintain a cautious defensive shape, hoping to draw Villa on and strike at speed on the counter. Will that prove effective today?
CLOSE! Chances for both sides! As West Ham defenders back off, space opens up for Rogers, who tests Areola with a shot that the goalkeeper saves well. Then, seconds later, Paqueta drives in a low effort at the other end, and a heavy deflection off Soucek sends it spinning just wide of the left-hand post!
As is customary for the Birmingham club under Unai Emery, Aston Villa are building gradually from the back, with goalkeeper Martinez heavily involved in the play. West Ham are pressing a little higher now.
NO PENALTY! Emerson is sent back-tracking by Bailey again, and the latter's clipped ball into the box seems to strike his opponent's arm. The referee signals that no penalty will be awarded, though, and the VAR also declines to intervene.
Earning his team a valuable free-kick, near the corner flag, Paqueta goes down under an eager challenge from Rogers. That relieves some pressure for the home side.
SUPER STOP! After a superb ball is cut back by Bowen from the left byline, it trickles across the area, where Coufal finally arrives and unleashes a thunderbolt! The full-back's powerful drive is repelled by Martinez, who leaps across to make a fine save! West Ham are now imposing themselves on this game.
The home fans are buoyed, as their team push forward in numbers for the first time. Villa are on the back foot now.
WEST HAM LEAD! Meeting a brilliant whipped cross from the right by Coufal, Antonio bravely dives to head home the Irons' opener: 1-0! He finds the bottom-left corner, leaving Martinez with no chance, and the hosts' growing pressure pays off!
From the right touchline, Coufal sends over an inviting delivery, which is met by the head of goalscorer Antonio.
Having done well to open the scoring, Antonio is now clutching his shoulder and looks in some pain. His grimace suggests that he'll struggle to continue for much longer, but perhaps the injury can be assessed further at half-time.
Villa can't re-find their rhythm, as West Ham sense the chance to increase their lead before half-time. This game has turned on its head over the past 10 minutes - under greater pressure, the away side have started to show cracks.
Paqueta is down on the turf, nursing what seems to be a knock to the calf. Like Antonio before him, the Brazilian playmaker is thankfully able to recover quickly enough and returns to the fray.
West Ham have now scored 11 goals across their last three-and-a-half matches at the London Stadium, where their only defeat in 14 games was a humbling 6-0 defeat to Arsenal. After a rocky spell, they're now showing signs that they can keep inching up the Premier League table.
Racing away down the left, after Lenglet loses the ball carelessly, Kudus reaches the area and tries his luck from a tight angle. However, his firmly struck shot zips several feet wide of the near post - it was asking a lot to score from there.
After another inswinging corner by Bowen, initially headed away by Watkins, Kudus turns the ball into the net. However, the whistle has already been blown for a foul on Martinez. Villa escape again.
Rather desperately, Douglas Luiz lines one up from over 20 yards out, only to crash his shot straight into Soucek. Villa are proving short of ideas inside West Ham's half, and they seem to be missing McGinn's drive.
Three minutes of stoppage time are indicated by the fourth official, as Antonio bundles over Lenglet near the left byline. That's a free-kick to Aston Villa.
Bailey drives past Kudus and Emerson and reaches the edge of West Ham's area, but the fleet-footed winger's pass inside is then cut out. The hosts are defending their lead quite comfortably at the moment.
With a rare chance to shoot, Watkins flashes his shot across goal, sending the ball trundling well wide of the right-hand post. Areola was not too concerned.
HALF-TIME: WEST HAM 1-0 ASTON VILLA
After a sluggish start, West Ham finally started to shake off their slumbers approaching the midpoint of a close-fought first half, and Antonio's headed goal sees them lead Aston Villa 1-0 at the break. Villa began more brightly of two teams that were in European action just three days ago, but their lack of focus in midfield - and several misplaced passes at the back - invited the Irons to move out of a low defensive block and apply more attacking pressure. Therefore, the hosts' goal was no surprise when it came, and their fourth-placed visitors have failed to provide much of a response since falling behind.
Villa are accustomed to leading at half-time - only Manchester City have done so more often in the Premier League this season - but they've only won once when trailing at the interval, ultimately losing on five other occasions. Under Moyes, West Ham are capable of sitting deep and frustrating opponents, so they'll surely be confident of taking maximum points now, and closing the gap to sixth-placed Manchester United.
Unai Emery has reacted to his team's subdued showing by making a double change at half-time. First, the ineffective Duran is replaced by France international Diaby.
Cash is also introduced, as Lenglet makes way. Konsa should move inside to centre-back.
West Ham kick off, and we are back under way at the London Stadium!
Coufal's latest cross from the right flank strikes Rogers and spins behind for a corner-kick. Villa's young winger is left winded momentarily, but the game will resume with another Bowen corner.
GOAL CHECK! West Ham score again. Not for the first time, Bowen's set-piece delivery causes havoc in Villa's box, and his inswinging corner-kick is bundled past Martinez by Antonio from close range! However, the VAR has cut the hosts' joy short, as it seems that it may have been Antonio's arm that guided the ball home!
NO GOAL! West Ham's hopes of going 2-0 up are dashed! Antonio's finish was with his arm, so it's chalked off! Villa breathe again!
Trying to make the most of their let-off, Aston Villa are pressing forward now, seeking an equaliser. Such an incident could even lift them out of mediocrity, as the Villans have lacked any spark today.
Tielemans brings down Kudus in midfield, killing the away side's building momentum. West Ham take the chance to edge a few yards further up the pitch.
This time, Konsa is on hand to head away Bowen's latest inswinging corner, rising highest at the near post to clear the immediate danger. West Ham have been causing plenty of problems with set-pieces, so it looks like Villa have altered their defensive strategy.
Aston Villa are yet to lose back-to-back Premier League matches this season, but they are just over half an hour away from suffering such a fate. Meanwhile, West Ham are on course to extend their unbeaten run at home to the Villans to 10 top-flight games.
Antonio just fails to beat Konsa to the ball out on the left touchline, when he would have been in behind Villa's high defensive line. West Ham always pose a threat on the break, so this final half-hour is fascinatingly poised.
Emerson makes a good block to divert Bailey's shot behind for a corner. The Jamaican's subsequent set-piece is elaborately worked, but a move involving several team-mates ultimately comes to nothing - that was a waste.
With Villa still short of inspiration, Unai Emery opts for another double change: first, Moreno makes way for Digne at left-back.
The more direct Zaniolo is also introduced, as Rogers departs.
When the ball falls to Bailey on the right side of the box, he takes one touch to set himself but then leans back and skews his shot well over the crossbar. Villa have managed only two shots on target so far.
Moyes now makes a move that seems designed to protect his team's slender lead: Antonio is replaced by Johnson.
Areola palms away Digne's dangerous cross from the left, as Villa continue to build pressure. The visitors are offering more of a threat on the left flank since the French full-back's arrival.
SAVE! Aston Villa take another short corner, which is eventually worked out to Tielemans, around 25 yards from goal. The Belgian's trademark long-range strike is punched away by Areola! It was just too centrally placed to cause the goalkeeper major problems.
Kudus cleverly drifts past Tielemans and then draws a foul from his opponent, who is then booked by the referee.
SAVE! From a 20-yard free-kick, Paqueta beats Villa's defensive wall with a curling shot - but not Martinez! The Brazilian's effort is not quite towards the bottom corner, so his South American counterpart is able to keep it out fairly comfortably.
At the end of another period of Villa pressure, Alvarez beats Cash in an aerial duel but concedes another corner. West Ham are struggling to get out of their own half at the moment.
SHARP STOP! Areola is called upon again, as he first cuts out a dangerous low cross from the right, then keeps out Konsa's shot! The Villa defender drives a powerful effort on target from close range, but it's straight at the goalkeeper, who stands firm!
After Cash sprints into the box and clips over an inviting cross from the right, Johnson does well to scramble the ball away from danger, as West Ham hang on. How long can they hold out?
VILLA PULL LEVEL! Two substitutes combine! Diaby dances away from Alvarez on the right, then pulls back a low pass for Zaniolo, who times his surge perfectly. The Italy international thumps in an unstoppable finish from 10 yards out - and this time Areola can't save West Ham! It's 1-1: what a climax we have in prospect at the London Stadium!
Driving to the right byline at top speed, Diaby beats his man and then picks out Zaniolo's late burst into the box - that's his sixth Premier League assist of the season.
Kudus just runs out of steam, when it seems that he can stretch Villa's exposed defence on the counter. Still, it's some positive intent from West Ham, following a passive spell that has cost them the lead.
Picking up his 10th booking of the Premier League season, Alvarez is penalised for becoming entangled with Zaniolo. He'll have to serve a two-match ban.
Goalscorer Zaniolo is also shown a yellow card for his part in the confrontation with Alvarez.
Paqueta is now taken off, as Ward-Prowse jogs on.
Moyes also makes a straight swap at left-back, as Cresswell comes on for Emerson.
Another flashpoint arises, as the game becomes more testy in its final stages. Kudus tussles with Douglas Luiz, and is perhaps lucky just to be shown a yellow card.
Douglas Luiz aggressively responds to being elbowed by Kudus and is also booked by the referee.
The yellow cards are coming thick and fast now, as Mavropanos goes into the book for delaying the restart. West Ham are apparently hoping to see this game out for a point.
Aston Villa remain camped inside their hosts' half, and they seem likeliest to snatch a late winner. Unai Emery's substitutions have helped turn the tide, but can the Champions League chasers complete their comeback?
There are to be at least seven additional minutes for stoppages - largely due to a flurry of bookings over the past few minutes - and that leaves time for either side to turn one point into three.
BRILLIANT BLOCK! A superb run up the right by Kudus opens up space, allowing Ward-Prowse to strike with power from near the penalty spot - but Cash dives in to make a goal-saving intervention! Surely that would have nestled in the net! Great defending!
Slowly but surely, West Ham are edging their way back into this game, as the clock ticks down. They've managed to move a few more yards upfield, pushing Villa back for the first time in a while.
HAVE WEST HAM WON IT? With typical accuracy, Ward-Prowse delivers a dangerous free-kick into the box, before a desperate scramble ends with Soucek bundling the ball over the goal-line! He got the final touch, after Mavropanos tried to turn it home from a couple of yards out! That would be 2-1 to the Hammers, but will it stand? The VAR has got a lot to assess here, amid a chaotic scene! What a climax!
PITCHSIDE REVIEW! After a long review by the VAR, now the referee sprints over to the pitchside monitor for a look at Soucek's finish himself. It seems he may have handled the ball in the process of prodding it in via Bowen's body!
GOAL RULED OUT! West Ham's winner is chalked off! There was a handball offence as Soucek turned in an attempted shot by Mavropanos, so it remains 1-1 at the London Stadium! The home fans are in uproar!
After such a dramatic moment, the energy seems to have been sucked out of this game, as both sides are on course to share the spoils. West Ham were so close to winning it late on, but the final whistle will come any moment now.
FULL-TIME: WEST HAM 1-1 ASTON VILLA
West Ham have to settle for a point at home to Aston Villa, as the home side are twice denied by the VAR during an eventful second half that ends 1-1 at London Stadium. Between both efforts being chalked off, Villa scored an equaliser through substitute Zaniolo, following Antonio's first-half header. Either side enjoyed periods of dominance, in a rather uneven encounter that came shortly after European triumphs for the two clubs - Villa bossed the ball, but their hosts were sharper from set-pieces. As a result of this draw, the visitors increase their advantage over Tottenham to three points in the Premier League table, while West Ham are now within three of Manchester United. The Irons visit Newcastle United after the international break; Villa will host Wolves. That's all from today's live coverage, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Bournemouth and Everton at the Vitality Stadium.
Bournemouth were going through a tough run of form at the end of February and had won just one of their last seven Premier League outings after their 1-0 loss to Manchester City. However, they have collected seven points from their previous three top-flight outings to move up to 13th position. Andoni Iraola would’ve targeted the three fixtures against Burnley, Sheffield United and Luton Town as a chance to string some positive results together, and the Spaniard would’ve been delighted with their victory over the Clarets before a hard-fought draw against the Blades. Bournemouth then produced the comeback of the season against the Hatters, coming from 3-0 down to win 4-3 in their last outing, becoming the third team in Premier League history to win a match after trailing by three goals at half-time.
Everton are embroiled in a relegation battle and are winless in their last 11 Premier League matches. The Toffees went into the international break after a 2-0 loss to Manchester United at Old Trafford, gifting the hosts two first-half penalties whilst failing to score themselves despite creating an xG (expected goals) of 1.61 from their 23 shots. It has certainly been a season to forget for Sean Dyche's men, who have already been deducted six points for breaking profit and sustainability rules (PSR), with the total initially standing at 10 before a successful appeal. However, Everton will soon discover if they will have another points deduction for a second PSR breach, as the hearing took place earlier this week. The visitors are currently in 16th position in the table, four points above Nottingham Forest, who are just inside the relegation zone after being given a four-point deduction for a PSR breach earlier this month.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Adam Smith, Chris Mepham, Illia Zabarnyi, Milos Kerkez; Tyler Adams, Lewis Cook; Antoine Semenyo, Justin Kluivert, Marcus Tavernier; Dominic Solanke.
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Lloyd Kelly, Romain Faivre, Dango Ouattara, Alex Scott, James Hill, Enes Unal, Philip Billing, Max Aarons, Mark Travers.
EVERTON (4-5-1): Jordan Pickford; Seamus Coleman, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite, Ben Godfrey; Jack Harrison, Amadou Onana, Abdoulaye Doucoure, James Garner, Dwight McNeil; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
EVERTON SUBS: Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, Joao Virginia, Beto, Ashley Young, Andre Gomes, Idrissa Gueye, Youssef Chermiti, Lewis Warrington.
Bournemouth make four alterations to the side that beat Luton 4-3 in a Premier League classic in their last outing. Adams returns from injury to make his first top-flight start for the Cherries, seven months after signing from Leeds United. He comes into the midfield and replaces Ryan Christie. However, it has not been all positive news for Iraola, who is without Luis Sinisterra after the Colombian sustained a hamstring strain during the international break. Tavernier appears on the wing, with Kluivert picked ahead of Scott. Finally, Kerkez is preferred to Ouattara at left-back.
Everton make two changes to the team that lost to United at Old Trafford. Vitaliy Mykolenko is out of the squad through illness and is replaced at full-back by Coleman, who captains the side. Calvert-Lewin starts up front, with Beto dropping to the bench.
Bournemouth are unbeaten in all six of their Premier League home games against Everton (winning four and drawing two), winning the last two while scoring three goals each time. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Bournemouth get this Premier League clash under way. Solanke with the first kick. The teams swapped sides before the start.
SAVE AND OVER! The first opportunity goes to Bournemouth. Cook drives forward with possession and lays a pass down the right to Semenyo, who arrives with the ball on the edge of the box. He switches it onto his left foot and curls a low effort towards the bottom-left corner, but Pickford gets down to push it away. Cook then blasts the rebound well over.
Smith is making his 200th Premier Legaue appearance for Bournemouth and makes a nice pass over to to Semenyo on the right. He tries to go past Godfrey, but the defender does well to stay with him and pokes the ball out for a corner.
SAVE! Cook sends a low, outswinging cross towards the near post, with Kluivert darting away from his marker to get onto the end of the cross. The winger then flicks a first-time effort on target, but Pickford makes himself big to block it.
CHANCE! What a counter from Bournemouth. Pickford's direct free-kick from inside Everton's half is cleared away by the Cherries, with Tavernier driving a pass down the right to Kluivert. He waits for support and looks to cut it across to Solanke in the middle of the box, but it is cleared away.
Kluivert and Tavernier are over a free-kick from a distance just to the left outside the box. Kluivert takes responsibility and goes for a powerful strike with his right foot, but the wall gets in the way.
OVER! Chance for Calvert-Lewin! Onana loops a pass into the box to Doucoure, who pokes the ball to Calvert-Lewin in the middle. He swivels onto his right foot to get a shot away, but his effort deflects over the bar and out for a corner.
Everton are putting plenty of crosses into the box, but Bournemouth are dealing with them brilliantly. Calvert-Lewin keeps drifting to wide positions, but the striker must stay in the middle as he is a physical presence. Doucoure and Onana also provide a threat but have not been found by McNeil.
McNeil has a free-kick on the right corner flag and curls an inviting cross into the middle. Neto comes out with a punch and doesn’t get there, but Zabarnyi heads it behind. Branthwaite gets into a tangle and wants a penalty. However, nothing is given.
Bournemouth have had the better of the opening exchanges, with Everton only showing signs of promise in fleeting moments. Pickford has gone long with a lot of his passes with mixed success.
Tavernier drives a wonderful pass down the right to Kluivert, who is being given plenty of space to roam on the wing. He waits for support to arrive and sets it back to Semenyo. The Ghana international looks to play a one-two in an attempt to move into the box, but the pass is loose, and the chance is gone.
Semenyo has scored four goals in his last five Premier League appearances, as many as his first 30 in the competition beforehand. Six of his last seven league goals for Bournemouth have either equalised (two) or put the Cherries one goal ahead (four) in a match. He has been the player to watch so far and is making the most of the space Godfrey is leaving behind.
Cook's inswinging corner towards the front post is poor, but Doucoure scuffs the clearance and pokes it behind. His following corner finds Semenyo, who directs his header from close range over the bar.
Bournemouth have kept possession well in the last couple of minutes and are doing well to deal with Everton's aggressive press, led by McNeil and Doucoure. Mepham then gifts it to Coleman, who turns past two Cherries players under pressure before offloading the ball.
Semenyo and Godfrey get into a battle in Everton's half, with the Cherries forward getting away from the defender, who goes down and wins a light free-kick. The home fans are not happy with the referee after that decision. Semenyo would have had the chance to drive forward.
Onana gains possession in Everton's half and drives towards the halfway line with possession. Solanke tries to help the defensive unit with some selfless running to try and win the ball, but he drags him back and is shown a needless yellow card.
Onana landed awkwardly after Solanke dragged him to the floor and needs medical treatment.
Onana looks like he is in some pain and is clutching his left shoulder, but he is back on his feet and will be able to continue.
SAVE! What a stop from Neto! Pickford launches the ball forward to put Bournemouth under pressure. Tarkowski gets it stuck under his foot inside the box but flicks a pass back to Calvert-Lewin, who sends a first-time, right-footed strike towards the bottom-right corner. However, Neto reacts quickly and pushes it behind.
WIDE! Poor attempt from McNeil. Neto's goal-kick goes straight to Onana, who starts an Everton attack. The Toffees combine quickly, with Doucoure rolling a pass inside to McNeil. He arrives on the edge of the box but drags a shot wide of the right post.
Everton have won their last two Premier League games against Bournemouth, though both victories have been at Goodison Park. They’ve kept a clean sheet in both wins, having recorded just one shutout in their first 11 league meetings with the Cherries. They have created an xG of 0.39 with their three shots so far, compared to Bournemouth's xG of 0.37.
Adams twists in possession and is tripped by Doucoure on the left just inside Everton's half. Cook whips an inswinging cross towards the back post, but it is just too far ahead of Semenyo. There was too much pace on the ball.
Everton are sticking with their tactics of going long at every opportunity. Pickford is finding Calvert-Lewin almost every time, and the striker wins it in the air, but there has not been enough supporting runs around him.
Doucoure thinks he should be given a free-kick just inside Everton's half, but his claims are ignored by the referee. Onana then slides through Tavernier in frustration and is shown a yellow card.
PENALTY SHOUT! Semenyo retains possession brilliantly on the byline, running back to the edge of the box with the before sliding clever pass through to Adams. He is dragged to the floor by Branthwaite and wants a penalty, but nothing is given. That was risky from Branthwaite.
Everton are giving Bournemouth plenty of free-kicks around their box. Cook goes short this time to Kluivert, who floats a left-footed cross towards Solanke, but his backheel deflects behind off of Coleman.
There will be two minutes of additional time.
HALF-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 0-0 EVERTON
Bournemouth had the better chances in the first half against Everton, but the score is goalless at the Vitality Stadium. Semenyo has scored four goals in his last five outings for the Cherries and went close early on, with his curling strike from the edge of the box getting pushed away by Pickford before Cook smashed the rebound over the bar. Calvert-Lewin then saw a shot defect over the bar before being denied his first Premier League goal in 22 matches by Neto. Tarkowski flicked a pass into his path, but his right-footed strike towards the bottom-right corner was pushed away by the Brazilian. McNeil then dragged a shot from distance well wide of the post before Solanke's backheel deflected behind.
Bournemouth edged the first half and created an xG of 0.49 from their six shots, hitting the target twice. Cook and Adams have played well together in the midfield, with the pair looking to come forward with possession at every opportunity, having 14 final third entries combined. Semenyo has also been electric on the right and is making the most of the space that Godfrey is leaving behind. As for Everton, they have created an xG of 0.39 with their three efforts, hitting the target once. Calvert-Lewin is doing his best in the attack and has won six of his 11 duels, with Pickford going long to the forward at every opportunity, but he needs more support up front.
Everton get the ball rolling again. No changes at half-time.
Everton have failed to score a first-half goal in 20 of their 29 games, only Sheffield United (22) have failed to score more often in the Premier League this season. The Toffees must improve if they want to score in the second half.
McNeil steals possession in Bournemouth's half and tricks his way past a defender before Mepham makes a strong slide tackle to win it back after a loose touch from the winger. McNeil looks like he is about to complain about the tackle before changing his mind.
SAVE! Strong stop from Pickford. Bournemouth gain possession after Godfrey gets caught by Semenyo, who nudges him in the back to win the ball. Cook has a shot blocked on the edge of the box before he rolls it to Tavernier, who drills a low strike towards the bottom-right corner. There is plenty of pace on the striker, but Pickford gets down to push it away.
Everton are on the longest ongoing winless run in the Premier League among current sides in the competition (11 games – drawing five and losing six). Indeed, failure to win at Bournemouth would see the Toffees match their record run without a victory in the Premier League of 12 games from August to October 1994. They have only had once clear chance to score in this contest, with Calvert-Lewin forcing Neto into a strong stop in the first half. Apart from that, there has been very little to get excited about for the visitors.
Solanke does brilliantly to control a ball over the top and flick it past Tarkowski to get down the right side of the box. He has Tavernier in the middle but goes alone and is tackled by Coleman, who makes a good recovery tackle.
Adams gives possession straight to Everton after a poor pass, allowing the visitors to speed away on the counter. Calvert-Lewin dribbles forward and looks for support, but only McNeil is up with him. The Cherries defenders race back to stop him from progressing.
PENALTY SHOUT! Calvert-Lewin controls the ball inside Bournemouth's box and flicks it past Adams, who trips the striker. The Englishman goes down, but doesn’t really appeal the decision from the referee and the play is allowed to continue.
Kluivert races down the right to get to the byline and chips a cross towards the back post. Semenyo is free and drives a volley towards the goal, but Branthwaite makes a brave block.
CHANCE! McNeil plays a one-two with Harrison from a corner, with the former of the two breaking free down the right side of the box. He rolls past a defender and crashes the inside of the post with his strike. The ball then hits Mepham in the middle before Bournemouth clear it behind.
Garner and McNeil combine brilliantly with some one-touch football on the edge of the box before rolling it through to Calvert-Lewin, but the striker cannot get it under control before the flag goes up.
WIDE! Another chance comes and goes for Bournemouth! Kluivert pushes the ball past Branthwaite and lofts a cross into Solanke, who flicks a header back to Tavernier. He is free but drags his volley across the goal and wide of the right post. It was a rushed shot.
Bournemouth make their first change. Kelly has missed most of the season through injury and has made just 15 appearances. He is on at left-back for Kerkez.
GOALLLLL! SOLANKE SCORES! 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH! The hosts have the lead! Semenyo drives forward on the counter and lays a pass down the left to Tavernier, who pokes a pass into Kelly. The substitute then curls a cross into Solanke, who powers his header into the net.
What an impact from Kelly. The substitute makes a surging run down the left and gets an assist with his first couple of touches, whipping a cross straight onto Solanke's head. He makes no mistake from close range and crashes it past Pickford.
Solanke has scored 16 Premier League goals this season, with only Josh King (16 in 2016-17) ever netting the same for Bournemouth in a campaign. A huge 10 of those goals have given the Cherries the lead in a match – the most of a player for any side in the competition in 2023-24, and an all-time Bournemouth record in a season in the division.
Onana turns in possession in Bournemouth's half and has plenty of space ahead of him. However, he doesn’t think before chipping the ball forward, playing it straight out for a goal-kick.
Branthwaite is down after landing awkwardly and needs medical treatment. He is pointing at his knee and looks gutted on the floor.
Branthwaite is back on his feet and will be able to continue. Huge boost for Everton.
Everton make two changes to try and turn the momentum in their favour. Harrison is off after having 31 touches and one shot on the wing, with Young taking his place on the right.
There is also a straight swap in the midfield. Doucoure is replaced after completing just 68 per cent of his passes, with Gomes taking his place.
Kluivert has been an important part of Bournemouth's attack and has added pace to their counters, but is being given a rest. Billing is on to give the Cherries a physical presence.
Tavernier shakes his head on his way off the pitch. Ouattara comes on.
Solanke tries to get away from Tarkowski but is wrestled to the floor by the defender, who is shown a yellow card.
Smith curls a pass down the right to Semenyo, who looks to race onto the long ball. However, Pickford spots the danger and rushes out of the box, taking it away from the forward before clearing it out for a throw-in.
Dyche is bringing on another striker to try and put Bournemouth under pressure. Beto is on for Onana, who is on a yellow card.
Everton have scored just one goal in their last five Premier League away games, despite having 65 shots (14 on target), an xG of 4.8, and seven big chances in this run. In their last away game, they had 23 shots against Man Utd without scoring, their most without a goal in an away league match since August 2010 at Aston Villa (also 23).
Everton win a corner after Zabarnyi heads a cross over the bar. The Toffees take it quickly, but McNeil's cross is cleared up the pitch. Everton retain possession and keep the pressure on, but Beto's weak header from close range is collected by Neto.
WIDE! Billing is in space on the left and whips a delightful cross into a dangerous area. Pickford gets a weak hand on the ball, with it defecting off Solanke and behind for a goal-kick.
Solanke is given a warm reception from the home fans on his way off the pitch after scoring the goal that put them ahead. January addition Unal replaces him up front.
GOAALLLLL! BETO SCORES! 1-1! An equaliser out of nowhere for Everton! McNeil has possession on the left and whips a cross into the middle of the box. It looks easy for Neto to claim, but he drops the ball straight to Beto, who has an easy finish from close range into an open net.
Bournemouth have reacted well since conceding and have had a couple of corners in quick succession. However, they have come to nothing.
There will be six minutes of additional time.
OWN GOAL FROM COLEMAN! 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH! What a mess from the Everton captain! Smith has the ball on the right, and he whips a searching cross into the middle of the box. It goes past Pickford and hits Coleman, who puts it into his own net. Neto will be relieved in the Cherries net after that mistake!
What a horrible moment for Coleman. The Everton captain scores what could be a huge own goal in terms of the Premier League relegation battle in just his third start of the season. Bournemouth have been the better side and have now likely found a deserved winner!
Everton are committing men forward and are loading the box, but the pressure on Bournemouth's goal ends after a foul on Adams.
The six minutes of additional time have already been played. Some Everton fans are leaving, with the hosts demanding the full-time whistle from the referee.
FULL-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 2-1 EVERTON
Coleman scored a 91st-minute own goal to gift Bournemouth a 2-1 win over Everton at the Vitality Stadium. Semenyo went close early on for the hosts, but his strike from the edge of the box was pushed away by Pickford before Cook crashed over the rebound. Calvert-Lewin was then denied his first goal in 22 outings by Neto, who parried his low strike wide of the post. Bournemouth created an xG of 1.07 in the second half and broke the deadlock through Soanke, who headed in his 16th Premier League goal of the season from close range after latching onto Kelly's cross. Dyche's men struggled after the restart but were handed a leveller by Neto. The goalkeeper fumbled a cross from McNeil, giving Beto the easiest of finishes from close range. However, Bournemouth won it late on through an own goal. Smith's cross from the right was inviting, with Coleman putting it into his net. Everton are winless in their previous 12 league outings and are just three points above the relegation zone. They travel to Newcastle United next. Bournemouth have won three of their last four matches and host Crystal Palace in their next outing. That's all for now, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Aston Villa and Wolves at Villa Park.
Villa are battling for a place in the Champions League next season and will move back into fourth position with a victory over Wolves after Tottenham overtook them on goal difference with a win against Luton Town earlier today. The Lions bounced back from their 2-1 loss to Manchester United with three successive top-flight wins. However, they have collected just one point from their last two outings. The hosts lost 4-0 to rivals Spurs before a 1-1 draw with West Ham in their previous outing, with Nicolo Zaniolo scoring a 79th-minute equaliser. Villa will want to return to winning ways, but they have not been victorious in their last six matches against Wolves (drawing three and losing three) since a 1-0 away win in December 2020 under Dean Smith.
Wolves are in the mix to quality for a place in European football next season and are in ninth position, three points behind West Ham in seventh. Gary O’Neil’s men have been in scintillating form since Christmas Eve and have collected 22 points (winning seven, drawing one and losing three), with only Manchester City (29), Liverpool (25) and Arsenal (24) collecting more in that time. The Old Gold have won four of their last six matches in the top flight, beating an in-form Fulham 2-1 in their previous outing in the league, but will be looking to forget their most recent match in the FA Cup just before the international break. They looked set for the semi-finals and a place at Wembley after leading 2-1 against Coventry City heading into stoppage time. However, Ellis Simms struck an equaliser in the 97th minute before Haji Wright scored the winner in the 100th minute to win it for the Sky Blues at Molineux.
ASTON VILLA (4-4-2): Emiliano Martinez; Ezri Konsa, Diego Carlos, Pau Torres, Alex Moreno; Leon Bailey, Youri Tielemans, Douglas Luiz, Morgan Rogers; Moussa Diaby, Ollie Watkins.
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Lucas Digne, Calum Chambers, Clement Lenglet, Nicolo Zaniolo, Jhon Duran, Robin Olsen, Kaine Kesler-Hayden, Tim Iroegbunam, Omari Kellyman.
WOLVES (3-4-2-1): Jose Sa; Santiago Bueno, Maximilian Kilman, Toti Gomes; Nelson Semedo, Joao Gomes, Tommy Doyle, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Pablo Sarabia, Mario Lemina, Leon Chiwome.
WOLVES SUBS: Matt Doherty, Boubacar Traore, Noha Lemina, Hugo Bueno, Dan Bentley, Fletcher Holman, Ty Barnett, Tawanda Chirewa, Nathan Fraser.
Villa make two changes to the side that drew with West Ham in their last outing. Carlos starts instead of Lenglet at centre-back, with Diaby playing up front ahead of Duran, who drops to the bench.
Wolves make one alteration to the team that lost 3-2 to Coventry in the FA Cup. Chiwome makes his Premier League debut and replaces Fraser up front. Pedro Neto, Hee-Chan Hwang and Matheus Cunha are all missing through injury.
After losing their first Premier League away game against Villa in December 2003, Wolves have alternated between a draw (four) and a win (three) in their last seven such visits to Villa Park, drawing 1-1 in January last season. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Wolves get this Premier League clash under way. All of the early focus will be on their 18-year-old striker Chiwome.
Wolves have had most of the possession in the early stages. Watkins and Diaby have tried to snatch the ball away a couple of times in the opposition’s half, but O'Neil's men have kept it well.
The referee stops the play with Sarabia going down in Wolves' half after a strong tackle. However, he is quickly back to his feet. The visitors will be glad to see him recover quickly, especially with the injury problems they have in their attack.
WIDE! An early chance for Wolves! A corner from the right is headed away by Watkins as far as Doyle, who collects possession on the edge of the box and puts the ball onto his right foot. He looks to whip a fast strike into the bottom-left corner, but it flashes wide of the post.
Luiz and Bailey are over a free-kick on the right for Villa, with Konsa having a conversation with the pair before getting into the box. However, Bailey's inswinging cross is headed clear.
OFFSIDE! Luiz puts the ball in the net, but the goal won’t count! Rogers has possession on the left and flicks a clever pass inside to Diaby, who slides a throughball into Watkins. The forward is one-on-one with Sa, but his chip is saved by the head of the goalkeeper. Luiz smashes the rebound into the net, with the flag then going up against Watkins, who makes no complaints.
Wolves have won three and lost just one of their last five Premier League games against sides starting the day in the top five positions (drawing one), as many wins as in their previous 31 such games (drawing six and losing 22). The Old Gold have started strongly, having 66.7 per cent of the possession in the early stages. Doyle is looking to get on the ball at every opportunity and has completed 100 per cent of his 17 passes.
Villa go long to Watkins, who looks to challenge for the ball just outside Wolves' box. Sa takes control of the situation and rushes off his line to head it away. Very brave from the goalkeeper, who is making his 100th Premier League appearance.
SAVE! Ait-Nouri must score! Bueno has possession on the right, and he curls a cross into the box that is flicked to Ait-Nouri at the back post. He has time and space to shoot but strikes his effort straight at Martinez.
Ait-Nouri has been involved in two goals in his last three Premier League appearances for Wolves (one goal and one assist), as many as in his previous 55 appearances in the competition; he’s only been involved in more in a single campaign in the competition in 2021-22 (three). He should have scored moments ago and even looked across to see if he was offside.
Semedo plays a clever one-two with Sarabia on the right, rolling past a defender before seeing his cross cleared away by Torres.
Sarabia stops Rogers from surging forward with possession in Wolves' half and is shown a yellow card.
Doyle's deep free-kick from the right just inside Villa's half goes to Lemina on the left, but he cannot keep his balance, allowing Konsa to get across and clear the ball out for a throw-in.
SAVE! Wolves work the ball out from the corner, with Doyle collecting possession just outside the box before rolling it across to Sarabia. He curls a first-time, left-footed strike on target, but Martinez reads his intentions and makes a simple save.
Bailey has the ball on the right and switches a pass brilliantly over to the left. Moreno looks to challenge Semedo, but the defender puts in a good tackle and wins a throw-in for his side. Villa must do something to turn the momentum in their favour, as the home fans have had almost nothing to shout about.
Rogers gains possession on the left and rolls a pass into Moreno, who sends a cross straight out for a goal-kick. The away fans enjoyed that, but Villa are starting to grow into the contest after a period of complete domination from Wolves.
WIDE! What a miss from Watkins after a brilliant move! Diaby collects a loose ball in Wolves' half and pokes a pass back to Tielemans. He wants it back immediately, but Tielemans threads a perfect throughball into Watkins. He is one-on-one with Sa down the left side of the box but shoots wide. His strike crashed the side of the net, causing some of the home fans to celebrate what they thought was an opening goal.
Tielemans clips the heels of Ait-Nouri and is shown a yellow card. The Belgium international will have to be careful now after a needless tackle.
Semedo tries to break down the left, but Rogers sticks to his man and forces the ball out for a Villa throw-in. He does it right in front of Emery, who is delighted with his defensive work.
SAVE! Another good chance for Villa! Bailey has possession on the right, switching the ball onto his left foot before curling an inswinging cross into the box. Torres flicks a header on target but sends his effort straight at Sa.
Doyle collects the ball on the right and slides a pass down the right to Sarabia, who is completely free on the right. His low cross is cleared away before the flag goes up for offside. However, Emery will be concerned he was not marked, as the Spaniard was only marginally offside and should have done better.
GOALLLL! WHAT A HIT FROM DIABY! 1-0 VILLA! The hosts have the lead! Luiz is over a free-kick, and he lifts his pass down the left to Bailey, who directs it straight to Diaby on the edge of the box. He is completely free, and he fires his first-time strike past Sa. Wolves went to sleep and were punished.
Villa have lost three of their last four Premier League games at Villa Park (winning one), as many as in Unai Emery’s first 23 such games in charge of the Villans (winning 18 and drawing two). Indeed, so far in 2024 only Sheffield United (one) have collected fewer points at home in the competition than their three. They started poorly but have had three good chances to score and now have the lead after a great strike from Diaby.
Wolves manager O'Neil will be furious that his side have let their control slip. The Old Gold have had seven shots and created an xG of 0.83, but their misses have proven to be costly. Villa Park has gone from silent to loud, with the hosts feeling like they could score a second before half-time.
Villa have kept possession well for the last couple of minutes. Martinez has been given too much time to pick the right option in possession, with Chiwome pressing the host's defence by himself. It looks like Wolves have lost all their belief after conceding the opening goal and are vulnerable.
Doyle collects possession on the halfway line and looks to start an attack. He switches the ball out to Semedo, but he takes a loose touch, sending it straight out for a goal-kick.
There will be two minutes of additional time. O'Neil needs to have a half-time talk with his Wolves side. As for Villa, they are bouncing.
CHANCE! Konsa strolls out of the defence and is not put under any pressure by the Wolves defence. He arrives on the edge of the box and looks to shoot with his left foot but sends it high and wide of the target.
HALF-TIME: ASTON VILLA 1-0 WOLVES
Diaby scored the only goal in the first half to give Villa a 1-0 lead over Wolves at Villa Park. The Old Gold started strongly and were punished for missing their chances. Doyle flashed a shot from the edge of the box just wide of the left post before Ait-Nouri had a huge opportunity to break the deadlock. Bueno's cross from the right dropped straight to his feet, but the Algeria international struck his effort straight at Martinez from close range. The Lions slowly built their way into the half and ended strongly. Tielemans slid a perfect throughball into the path of Watkins, but the forward slammed the side of the net. Torres then had a header saved before the hosts took the lead. Luiz chipped a free-kick down the left to Bailey, who cut the ball back to Diaby on the edge of the box. The Frenchman rushed onto it and blasted his strike into the net.
Villa have lost three of their last four Premier League matches at Villa Park and were far from their best in the first half. The hosts only created an xG of 0.31 from their four attempts, with Diaby thumping in the opener with a first-time shot from outside the box. Villa struggled to keep possession for long stretches before the break and were lucky not to go behind when Ait-Nouri failed to score from close range. Wolves registered an xG of 0.83 from their seven shots. Young striker Chiwome has struggled to get involved on his debut and has had just eight touches, but Doyle has been brilliant. The midfielder controlled the tempo for much of the half and completed 90.5 per cent of his passes.
A moment of concern for Villa, with striker Watkins coming off for Duran. It would be very surprising if he came off without being injured. Nevertheless, a huge chance for Duran to prove himself.
Villa get the ball rolling again. Some of the Lions' 1994 EFL Cup winning side were on the pitch to celebrate the 30th anniversary of them beating Manchester United in the final. The home fans will be hoping they will get to see a win on their return to Villa Park.
WIDE! Luiz and Bailey make a bit of a mess of a free-kick, with the former of the two getting a slight touch on the ball as they both run away from it. Bailey collects it and sends a cross towards Carlos, but the defender heads it wide before the flag goes up for offside.
OVER! Tielemans does brilliantly to win possession on his own box before unlocking Bailey down the right with a lifted pass forward. He drives forward with the ball, cutting inside before lashing his shot well over from just outside the box.
Gomes makes a wonderful run across the edge of Villa's box before being pushed to the floor. Sarabia collects it and sends a shot straight at Martinez, with the referee blowing for a free-kick.
There are plenty of Wolves players over the free-kick just to the right outside Villa's box. Doyle is to the left, but Sarabia takes it, whipping his shot over the wall and well over the bar.
Villa have won 16 of their previous 17 Premier League home games under Unai Emery when ahead at half-time, only failing to do so against Arsenal in February 2023 (losing 4-2). Wolves have started strongly, with the hosts trying to figure out how to play with Watkins up front.
The referee stops the match so that players observing Ramadan can take on some food and water.
Carlos goes long to try and start a Villa attack, with Duran getting behind the Wolves defence. However, Kilman watches it all the way and makes a good interception under pressure.
Moreno gets caught in possession just outside the Villa box by Sarabia, who lifts a cross towards Lemina. He is put under pressure by Konsa, with his weak header going straight to Martinez.
Sarabia has the chance to swing a corner into the box from the left, but the pressure on Villa's box immediately ends when Toti fouls Martinez. A strange foul from the defender, as the ball was nowhere near them.
Bailey has the ball on the left, moving inside with the ball and beating a couple of defenders with some quick feet. He could shoot from range but looks to slip a pass through to Duran. However, the ball goes straight to Sa. Duran is still waiting for his first touch after coming on at half-time.
CHANCE! Lemina latches onto the ball on the left and pokes a header into Chiwome. The 18-year-old does brilliantly to turn past Carlos to get down the left side of the box, but the Brazilian recovers with a clever slide tackle to stop him from getting a shot away.
Zaniolo scored an important equaliser against West Ham and is given the chance to make an impression on the bench, replacing Rogers, who has had a quiet second half.
Emery makes a straight swap at left-back, with Digne coming on for Moreno.
Hugo Bueno is on for Ait-Nouri. He missed a huge chance to give Wolves the lead in the first half.
GOALLLL! 2-0 VILLA! Was is a shot or cross from Konsa? Zaniolo comes inside from the left before sending a pass across to Diaby, who waits for support on the edge of the box. Konsa overlaps him, looping a cross-shot over Sa, against the post and into the net.
Diaby adds a goal to his assist! He could look to have a shot from the edge of the box, but assesses the options around him and slides a pass through to Konsa. It is certainly a cross from Konsa, but he will be delighted to score!
CHANCE! Zaniolo played a role in Villa's second goal and almost gets a goal to his name off the bench. He arrives on the edge of the box and drives a low shot on target, but Sa gets down to push it into the air before collecting it on the second attempt.
Wolves have won four of their last six Premier League games (losing two). On the road, they’ve won three of their last five (drawing one and losing one), as many as in their previous 20. They should have scored the first goal in the first half, but missed the chances and have been punished.
Chirewa is on for Wolves for just his third Premier League appearance, replacing Doyle, who had 72 touches in the midfield before coming off.
Villa have a free-kick on the left in a crossing position. Luiz's ball into the box is flicked towards the back post by Torres' heal, but Sa comes off his line to claim it.
Digne floats the ball down the left to Duran, who drives into the box before watching his deflected strike go wide of the right post. He then apologises to Diaby, who made a supporting run but wasn’t found.
There is a break in the match, with the assistant referee needing some assistance with technology. It’s taking some time.
The match is back under way, with the assistant referee getting a new battery pack.
Villa have a couple of corners in quick succession after the restart. Luiz's first cross is headed behind by Gomes before Santiago Bueno directs Carlos' header out.
Chirewa bundles into the back of Konsa before stopping the restart. He is then shown a yellow card.
Across spells with Arsenal and Aston Villa, Emery has failed to win any of his six Premier League encounters with Wolves (drawing four and losing two), which is the joint most he’s faced a side in the competition without ever winning (also six v Liverpool). As long as Villa avoid a late an unlikely comeback from Wolves, they will move back into the top four.
Duran is shown his fifth yellow card of the season for his part in the incident with Kilman.
Chiwome's Premier League debut is over, with the 18-year-old coming off for Fraser. It shows the visitors really lack strength off the bench due to their injury issues.
Gomes is also given a rest and is replaced by Traore in the midfield.
Doherty comes on for Semedo on the right. The Portugal international was bright for the Old Gold, showing quality both offensively and defensively.
Kilman and Duran get into a scuffle, with the Wolves man going into the book as a result.
Wolves have had the possession for the last two minutes, but have been playing the ball around the halfway line. They are trying to force an opening. However, Villa are making it very difficult.
CHANCE! Wolves go close to getting one back! Santiago Bueno comes down the left and whips a wonderful cross towards Doherty, but he heads over from close range.
Diaby is on his way off after getting a goal and an assist to his name. Iroegbunam is on for his sixth Premier League appearance.
After Konsa's goal and some technical problems in the second half, there will be nine minutes of additional time.
Toti trips outside the box whilst chasing after Bailey and drags him down. The referee then shows him a yellow card.
Luiz has a free-kick just to the right in a shooting position but decides to lift a cross into the box. Wolves head it clear as far as Zaniolo, who has his shot blocked by an incoming defender.
There is a sign of frustration from Fraser, who hacks through Konsa trying to win possession inside Villa's box. The visitors should have more to show for their efforts in the first half but haven’t done anywhere near enough since the restart.
Digne is not happy that Wolves are given a corner and is shown a yellow card for dissent.
A day to remember for Kesler-Hayden, who makes his Premier League debut in the final few minutes. Bailey helped create Villa's first goal and is given a rest.
WIDE! Wolves go close from a corner! Lemina wrestles away his marker and gets on the end of Sarabia's cross, but powers his header wide of the right post.
CLOSE! Doherty collects the ball on the right and rolls a pass down the right to Fraser. The young forward goes for the near post with his strike and crashes the side of the net. He almost surprised Martinez, who captains Villa today and will keep a clean sheet.
FULL-TIME: ASTON VILLA 2-0 WOLVES
Diaby registered a goal and an assist to help Villa beat Wolves 2-0 at Villa Park. The win for the Lions means they are back into the top four, leapfrogging Tottenham. However, it was far from routine for the hosts, who only created an xG of 0.84 compared to Wolves' 1.35. The Old Gold had plenty of chances to score, with Ait-Nouri hitting his effort straight at Martinez when the score was goalless. Villa started slowly but netted the opener through Diaby, who fired his first-time, left-footed strike from the edge past Sa. He then assisted Konsa after the break, with the defender looping a cross-shot over the goalkeeper and into the net. His effort was worth an xG of just 0.033, but he looked delighted to score his first goal since 2021. The only worry for Villa will be the possible injury to Watkins, who went off at half-time. Emery's men travel to Manchester City for their next match, with injury-hit Wolves going to Burnley. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello everyone and welcome to live text commentary of the Premier League match between Brentford and Manchester United.
It is 15th against sixth at the Gtech Community Stadium. Brentford are without a win in six matches, losing five of those, and will be eager to increase their four-point gap from the relegation zone. Meanwhile, United are looking move within six points off fifth-place Tottenham once more.
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Mark Flekken; Zanka, Kristoffer Ajer, Nathan Collins; Mads Roerslev, Yehor Yarmoliuk, Mathias Jensen, Vitaly Janelt, Keane Lewis-Potter; Ivan Toney, Yoane Wissa.
SUBS: Thomas Strakosha, Kim Ji-Soo, Shandon Baptiste, Ryan Trevitt, Bryan Mbeumo, Mikkel Damsgaard, Frank Onyeka, Saman Ghoddos, Neal Maupay.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Raphael Varane, Victor Lindelof, Diogo Dalot; Scott McTominay, Kobbie Mainoo; Alejandro Garnacho, Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford; Rasmus Hojlund.
SUBS: Tom Heaton, Willy Kambwala, Harry Maguire, Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen, Mason Mount, Casemiro, Sofyan Amrabat, Antony.
Thomas Frank makes two changes from Brentford's defeat at Burnley last time out. The suspended Sergio Reguilon misses the chance to face his former club and is replaced by Lewis-Potter, while Yarmoliuk comes in for Onyeka. Recently back from injury, Mbeumo will hope for another opportunity from the bench, though a lengthy list of absentees includes the likes of Ben Mee, Rico Henry, Aaron Hickey, Christian Norgaard, Josh Dasilva, Ethan Pinnock and Kevin Schade.
Meanwhile, Erik ten Hag sticks with the same 11 that began United's FA Cup quarter-final victory over Liverpool, with Mainoo recovering from illness to retain his place in the starting line-up. There are welcome returns from injury for Martinez, Maguire and Casemiro, while Mount could make his first Premier League appearance since November.
United have won four of their five Premier League meetings with Brentford. Nevertheless, they will be wary having suffered a humbling 4-0 defeat here last season.
The teams are coming out and we are almost ready to go.
The referee blows his whistle and United get the match under way.
After dealing with a Brentford cross from the left, United counter with Rashford leading the charge. As the hosts recover defensive numbers, the England winger tees up Fernandes, who drills his long-range effort wide of the target.
With 82, Fernandes has created more chances than any other player in the Premier League this season. His average chances created per 90 minutes of 2.8 is only bettered for United by Ryan Giggs.
Brentford look to ask questions of the United defence as they force a corner. The delivery from the right is met by Toney, but he cannot steer his header towards the target.
Toney is fresh from marking his first England start with a goal in the midweek draw with Belgium. He will now look to continue his impressive record on this ground, where he has been directly involved in 22 goals in his last 27 Premier League starts.
Following a neat build-up from Brentford, Roerslev delivers an inviting cross from the right flank. However, Varane is there to head clear for United.
At the other end, Brentford's defensive concentration levels are tested as United threaten. Fernandes tees up Dalot, whose shot is deflected behind via Collins.
The visitors maintain the pressure as Dalot clips a ball in towards Hojlund, who looks to hold it up and bring his team-mates into play. However, Brentford manage to clear their lines.
Good defending! Wissa shows great desire to beat Varane to a ball in the United box. He fizzes it across the area, but Lindelof is there to intervene before Toney can tap in.
It is worth noting United have lost on four of their last five Premier League visits, winning just one of their last eight. Can Brentford take advantage of that today?
Zanka is the furthest man forward for Brentford as he meets a cross from the left flank. However, the defender is unable to keep his header down.
OFF THE POST! Wissa neatly helps the ball through for Toney, who holds his run brilliantly to latch onto it. The England striker beats Onana, but sees his shot bounce back off the upright.
We are still awaiting the breakthrough after the midway point in the first half. Although, Brentford have registered six shots to United's two, neither side have managed to hit the target thus far.
Brentford push for the opener with Toney threading a ball towards the onrushing Yarmoliuk. However, Dalot times his sliding challenge to perfection to deny him a sight on goal.
As we hit the half-hour mark, Jensen sends a long throw into the box. It is flicked on towards the six-yard box, but Onana collects.
OFF THE BAR! Brentford take a corner short and subsequently send a deep cross towards the far post. Mee leaves it for Zanka, whose header shaves the top of the woodwork.
OVER! The hosts launch a counter with a long ball finding Toney. The skipper gets to the area and cuts inside, but cannot keep his left-footed shot down.
Brentford push again and Yarmoliuk takes aim after the ball falls for him on the edge of the box. However, the midfielder drags his shot wide of the target.
CHANCE! Janelt splits the United defence with a superb throughball for Roerslev to run onto. The latter squares it for Wissa, who attempts a spectacular acrobatic shot, but cannot direct it towards goal.
Wan-Bissaka catches Roerslev with a late sliding challenge and is shown the first yellow card of the game.
At the other end, Rashford opts to try his luck from distance. Flekken gets down well to his left to hold onto the England winger's deflected strike.
SAVE! Still, Brentford carry the greater threat. Following a corner, Lewis-Potter meets a cross from the left, but Onana does well to gather his header.
Frustrated at the referee's decision not to award him a free-kick, Wissa then catches Fernandes late and goes into the book.
HALF-TIME: BRENTFORD 0-0 MANCHESTER UNITED
Although Brentford have been on top for most of the first half, we remain goalless at the Gtech Community Stadium. The Bees have carried the greater attacking threat and went closest to opening the scoring in the 24th minute, when Ivan Toney was denied by the post. At the other end, Manchester United's sole attempt on target was Marcus Rashford's ambitious long-range strike that Mark Flekken easily gathered.
United have recorded the most single-goal victories in the Premier League this season with 12. They would certainly take one of those at this moment in time.
United make a defensive change at the break with Maguire coming on to replace Varane.
Brentford get the ball rolling again as the second half commences.
NO PENALTY! Brentford want one after Janelt goes down in the box under Garnacho's challenge. However, the referee is not interested and waves away the appeals.
United attack at the other end and Rashford lays the ball back to Fernandes, who fizzes it towards goal from a tight angle. However, Flekken is alert and gathers.
Not far away! Fernandes finds compatriot Dalot, who takes aim from outside the box. His curling effort is not far away from nestling in Flekken's top-right corner.
GOOD SAVE! Moments after Wissa drags a shot wide, United threaten down the other end and Fernandes threads the ball through for Hojlund, who is brilliantly denied by Flekken.
DOUBLE-SAVE! Onana comes to United's rescue, not once but twice. First, he gets down to keep out Yarmoliuk's low drive, before quickly getting to his feet to deny Lewis-Potter's close-range follow-up.
OFF THE POST! The woodwork denies Brentford! United are unable to clear a cross and the ball drops to Wissa, whose sweetly struck volley grazes Onana's right upright.
United make a change as Garnacho makes way to be replaced by Antony.
We remain goalless at the hour mark. Brentford look for the opener and Lewis-Potter reaches a deep cross at the far post, but cannot steer his header towards goal.
Brentford have scored in 26 of their last 27 Premier League games on home soil. Can they continue that streak here?
CLOSE! Toney latches onto Jensen's diagonal ball and his difficult volley is not too far over in all fairness. That would have been some goal!
There is a concern for United with Lindelof down and in need of attention. The Sweden defender has made some important interventions today, and the last thing the Red Devils will want is another injury.
Lindelof is unable to continue and makes way to be replaced by the returning Martinez.
Over! Janelt's deep corner is headed back into the centre, where Lewis-Potter is unable to hook the ball underneath the crossbar.
Brentford make a double-change. The first sees Wissa make way to be replaced by Mbeumo.
The other sees Damsgaard introduced in place of Yarmoliuk.
OFFSIDE, NO GOAL! Brentford briefly think they have taken the lead as Toney volleys home from close range. However, the linesman correctly rules the Bees skipper had strayed a fraction too soon when the cross he latched onto was delivered.
A quarter of an hour remains at the Gtech Community Stadium. Can either side find the breakthrough, or are we set for a stalemate?
Lewis-Potter, who has had several attempts today, tries his luck again from distance. Cutting inside from the left, he unleashes a powerful drive that is straight at Onana.
OFF THE BAR! The woodwork denies Brentford once more! Toney helps Flekken's long free-kick into the path of Mbeumo, whose fierce volley crashes against the crossbar with Onana beaten.
United make two changes. The first sees youth replaced by experience as Mainoo makes way for Casemiro.
Rashford also makes way for the visitors as Mount comes on for his first Premier League appearance since November.
Just over! Toney does well to lose Martinez and meet Mbeumo's corner at the near post, but he cannot quite keep his volley down.
Zanka goes into the book for a rash challenge near the halfway line.
Toney has the opportunity to drive into the United area, but seems to hesitate at the vital moment and the visitors are able to clear the danger.
Brentford make another double-change. Maupay is introduced in place of Roerslev.
Ghoddos also comes on for the dying minutes with Lewis-Potter the player withdrawn.
There is a break in play following a clash of heads between Maupay and Dalot. The medical teams are on to tend to the two players, who both have cuts that need cleaning up.
We are into the first of nine additional minutes at the end of this game. Are we going to see a winning goal?
United push for a dramatic opener and send the ball into the Brentford box. However, they just make one pass too many and the Bees clear.
MOUNT!!! 1-0 UNITED! It's the late, late show again from the visitors! What a time to score your first goal for the club! Following a couple of scrappy challenges, the ball drops kindly for Casemiro, who slides through Mount on the edge of the box. The former Chelsea midfielder takes a touch, before sweeping past Flekken.
Casemiro calmly slid the ball into the path of Mount, who may well have just won this game for United.
AJER!!! 1-1! BRENTFORD ARE LEVEL IN THE DYING SECONDS! With one of the final attacks in this game, the Bees launch the ball into the box. Toney controls well and drills it across the area, where the unmarked Ajer is on hand to slot home.
Toney did brilliantly to control the high ball and subsequently put it on a plate for Ajer to equalise.
United go in search of an even more dramatic goal. However, their rally is ended when Martinez is penalised for a foul in the box.
McTominay is involved in an altercation with Maupay and goes into the book.
Maupay is also shown a yellow card for his part in the scuffle with McTominay.
FULL-TIME: BRENTFORD 1-1 MANCHESTER UNITED
The spoils are shared following a dramatic conclusion at the Gtech Community Stadium, where Brentford and Manchester United played out a 1-1 draw. A generally low-key contest burst into life in stoppage time. United, who had an xG of just 0.5 compared to their opponents' 2.6, thought they had snatched victory in the sixth minute when Mason Mount tucked away his first goal for the Red Devils. However, the Bees snatched a point three minutes later when Kristoffer Ajer turned home Ivan Toney's square ball. That averted a sixth defeat in seven games for Thomas Frank's side, who host Brighton and Hove Albion on Wednesday. As for Erik ten Hag's United, who are eight points adrift of fifth-place Tottenham, they travel to Chelsea the following day. Thanks for joining us. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Chelsea and Burnley at Stamford Bridge!
Chelsea still have an outside chance of booking a place in Europe next season, and a win here could move them into the top half of the table if results around them also go their way. The Blues are unbeaten in their four outings in all competitions since losing the EFL Cup final to Liverpool (W3 D1) and booked another trip to Wembley last time out as they beat Leicester City 4-2 to reach the FA Cup semi-final. Their home form is good too, having lost just one of their last 14 games at Stamford Bridge in all competitions (W10 D3).
Burnley got their first win since before Christmas before the international break, beating 10-man Brentford 2-1 to end an 11-match winless run in all competitions (D3 L8). The Clarets are still five points below Luton Town in 17th place, but another win here would certainly give them a boost in the relegation fight. However, Burnley are one of three teams yet to win successive Premier League games this season (along with Crystal Palace and Sheffield United), and they haven't done so since April 2022, when they managed three in a row.
CHELSEA STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Dorde Petrovic; Malo Gusto, Axel Disasi, Beniot Badiashile, Marc Cucurella; Moises Caicedo, Enzo Fernandez; Cole Palmer, Conor Gallagher, Mykhailo Mudryk; Nicolas Jackson.
CHELSEA SUBS: Thiago Silva, Alfie Gilchrist, Raheem Sterling, Marcus Bettinelli, Josh Acheampong, Deivid Washington, Noni Madueke, Cesare Casadei, Jimi Tauriainen.
BURNLEY STARTING XI (4-4-2): Arijanet Muric; Lorenz Assignon, Dara O'Shea, Maximi Esteve, Vitinho; Jacob Bruun Larsen, Josh Cullen, Sander Berge, Wilson Odobert; Zeki Amdouni, Lyle Foster.
BURNLEY SUBS: Manuel Benson, James Trafford, Charlie Taylor, Johann Gudmundsson, Hjalmar Ekdal, Jay Rodriguez, Josh Brownhill, Jack Cork, Mike Tresor.
Mauricio Pochettino makes three changes to the side that beat Leicester in the FA Cup before the international break. Petrovic is back in goal, with Badiashile and Fernandez also coming in. Gusto has recovered from illness to retain his place, but Sterling drops to the bench. There are more injury troubles for the Blues as well, as Robert Sanchez, Trevoh Chalobah and Ben Chilwell have all picked up problems which keep them out today.
Vincent Kompany makes just two changes from the Clarets' win over Brentford two weeks ago. Amdouni and Foster are brought in to play together up front, while Odobert and Vitinho both drop back into deeper roles. Taylor starts on the bench, but in-form David Datro Fofana isn't available today as he's ineligible to face his parent club.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Bruun Larsen gets the game under way for Burnley!
CHANCE! Chelsea are looking to make a quick start to this game, and Gallagher spreads it out to Palmer on the left. He has options in the middle, but chooses to go it alone instead, firing his shot into the side netting.
It's a positive run down the left by Odobert as he weaves between Chelsea players before pulling it back from the byline. Disasi scuffs it away, but the Blues only get to the halfway line before losing possession.
Chelsea are a bit sluggish in defence, and Gallagher trips Cullen to give away a free-kick through the middle. Bruun Larsen takes it, but his shot is straight at the wall, and it deflects out for a corner.
Berge wants it more than Mudryk, and though Chelsea want a free-kick, the midfielder won it cleanly. Burnley have another chance to push forward, but Vitinho's throughball is too heavy for Odobert.
WIDE! Seconds after Bruun Larsen bundled a shot wide, it's switched back out to the Dane on the right of the box. The angle is against him though, and he fizzes his low effort just wide of the far post.
GREAT SAVE! Chelsea finally manage to string together enough passes to get to the edge of the box, and Gallagher squares it across to Fernandez. His shot takes an awkward deflection off Esteve, but Muric adjusts quickly to tip it onto the bar.
WIDE! Amdouni is caught on the ball by Caicedo, and the midfielder rolls it into Palmer's feet. He isn't short on confidence as he takes on another pacy shot from range, but he fires this one wide of the near post.
CHANCE! Palmer is causing all sorts of problems in the opening exchanges here, as he plays a one-two with Gallagher to open up space on the right of the box. He doesn't hit the shot cleanly though, hitting it wide of the near post once more.
GOOD SAVE! Just like Palmer, Odobert has been bright so far, and he cuts inside from the left. As Gusto closes him down, the winger uses him as a shield to curl a shot towards the far post, but Petrovic gets a strong hand to it.
Mudryk loses Amdouni with a drop of the shoulder, forcing Assignon to cover. He tugs the Ukrainian back by his shoulder and earns the first booking of the game.
BLOCK! It's a great throughball down the right by Caicedo, and Gusto surges down the wing to meet it. He pulls it back to Palmer, who hits his shot first time, but O'Shea makes sure he's in the way of it.
GREAT SAVE! Chelsea work it wonderfully down their right side again, and this time, Palmer tries to turn provider. He threads it through to Jackson, who hits his low shot across goal towards the far post, but Muric stays big, making a big block with his foot.
DISASI SCORES! The corner was taken short to Mudryk, and he whips a dangerous cross in from the left. Berge gets the deftest of touches at the near post, but can only help it onto Disasi, who bundles it over the line from close range. There is a VAR check though, and this might not count...
The initial VAR check was to see if Mudryk was offside, but once that's cleared, they look to see if the final touch by Disasi was off his arm. He ducked his head to try and head it, but it does look like the ball went in off his elbow.
NO GOAL! After a very long look at the goal from all angles, it appears that Disasi didn't get his head to the ball, and as it came off his line, the goal will be ruled out. Still 0-0!
Chelsea push forward in numbers once more, and the space just opens up for Gallagher through the middle. A deflection off O'Shea takes it neatly into Muric's gloves, and Palmer is furious, as he was completely unmarked to his right.
SAVE! Chelsea don't deal with Assignon's long throw into the box, and it bounces out to Cullen on the edge of the D. He quickly adjusts himself to shoot, drilling a low effort through the crowd, but Petrovic gets down to hold onto it.
Burnley have really struggled to deal with the threat that Chelsea are posing down their right. Gusto drives to the byline before pulling it back to Jackson, who can't sort his feet out quickly enough to have a shot.
Chelsea have scored at least once in all 17 of their previous Premier League games against Burnley, the most they've ever faced a side while scoring 100 per cent of the time in the competition.
Cucurella is looking for a forward pass, but there's no movement ahead of him. Assignon quickly closes him down, and Chelsea are forced all the way back to the goalkeeper, much to the fans' frustration.
SAVE! It's a hopeful clearance upfield, but Jackson latches onto it with a bursting run down the right. He cuts inside to lose Vitinho before laying it off to Mudryk, but he tries to guide it into the net, leaving Muric with a comfortable save.
Cucurella steps across Assignon to block his run, and though there isn't a lot of contact, the Spaniard knew what he was doing. He gives away a free-kick, and gets a booking.
Petrovic makes an easy save from Bruun Larsen's free-kick and sends it long upfield. Jackson races out to the left to meet it, with Muric also rushing out of his box. The forward just gets there first, but the goalkeeper recovers well to poke it away for a corner.
CHANCE! Palmer's throughball is just too heavy for Caicedo, but it runs out to Gusto on the right. He fizzes a low cross into the middle, and Cucurella throws himself forward to meet it with his head. It's straight at Muric though.
PENALTY TO CHELSEA! Mudryk is racing onto a throughball into the box, and Assignon gets back into position. The ball gets away from the Ukrainian, and the defender puts his arm on Mudryk's shoulder to nudge him down. The referee points to the spot!
ASSIGNON IS OFF! The Frenchman was booked early on in this game, and that challenge for the penalty is deemed to be his second bookable offence. After pointing to the spot, the referee goes to his pocket to pull out a second yellow card for Assignon, who is sent off, much to Burnley's disbelief. Burnley are down to 10!
VAR has a long look at the penalty incident, but they don't see anything wrong with the referee's onfield decision. The penalty stands, but Assignon is still refusing to leave the pitch.
KOMPANY IS SENT OFF! The Burnley manager is not happy with the penalty and red card decisions, and he is making that point first to the fourth official and then to the referee. He crosses a line with his protests, and he is also shown a red card, much to the home fans' amusement.
PALMER SCORES! He had to wait a long time to take it, but that didn't faze him in the least! It's as cool as you like from Palmer, who steps up to the spot and dinks a lovely Panenka penalty straight down the middle while Muric dives to his left. 1-0 Chelsea!
Burnley are forced into a change now, and they're going to sacrifice one of their forwards for another defender. Amdouni is taken off, with Taylor coming on to slot in at right-back.
Gallagher has already got away with a couple of fouls in this game, and this time, he gets a booking. He stretches for the ball, but catches Taylor instead, and the referee goes to his pocket.
The board has now gone up to show that we're in seven minutes of stoppage time at the end of the half. Burnley have a free-kick that Bruun Larsen curls into the far post, but Esteve nods it across goal and wide.
The yellow card is out again, this time for Cullen, who goes through the back of Caicedo, catching him with the follow-through.
Burnley are sitting deeper than they were earlier in the game, allowing Chelsea to keep possession in front of them. The Blues are staying patient though, trying to draw them out.
GOOD SAVE! Gusto has shown a real threat down the right all game so far, and he advances forward from right-back once more. He takes on a shot himself this time, but Muric makes himself big to smother it.
HALF-TIME: CHELSEA 1-0 BURNLEY.
Palmer's penalty separates the sides at the break, with Chelsea beating 10-man Burnley 1-0. The Blues were dominant in the first half, and they thought they'd taken the lead through Disasi 20 minutes in, but the goal was disallowed as it went in off his elbow. Muric made some great saves to deny Fernandez and Jackson before things went downhill for Burnley. Assignon brought down Mudryk in the box, and the referee pointed to the spot and gave the Frenchman his second yellow of the game. Kompany was also sent off for dissent before Palmer scored a wonderful Panenka penalty to put his side in front.
Despite a slightly slow start, Pochettino will be pleased with what he's seen from his side. They created an xG (expected goals) of 2.33 from their 16 shots, seven of which were on target, and they look likely to add more to their tally after the break. Burnley had a couple of bright moments but only managed an xG of 0.48 from their 10 shots. Petrovic made a couple of comfortable saves, but this could be a long second half for the 10-man Clarets.
There's another change for Burnley at the break, as Bruun Larsen is taken off for Brownhill.
Chelsea get us back under way for the second half!
CULLEN EQUALISES! What a start to the second half for Burnley! That will be exactly what Kompany was looking for as Vitinho works it inside from the right, squaring a pacy cross to Brownhill. The substitute stretches to cushion it down for Cullen, who hits it first time with the outside of his right boot, firing it past Petrovic and into the back of the net. 1-1!
It looked like it was going to get away from Brownhill, but he did well to adjust himself so that he could bring it down, bouncing it to Cullen's feet.
That goal has silenced the home crowd, and Chelsea are working to try and change that. They look to Gusto on the right once more, but he can't get away from Taylor this time.
Palmer is the fifth player to reach 20 goal involvements in his first Premier League season with Chelsea after Jimmy-Floyd Hasselbaink (32 in 2000-01), Eden Hazard (20 in 2012-13), Diego Costa (23 in 2014-15) and Cesc Fabregas (21 in 2014-15).
Chelsea are back to dominating possession here, but it's all in front of a compact Burnley side. The Blues are staying patient, but there's no space to work in at the moment.
There's been just one shot in the second half so far, which obviously became Burnley's equaliser. Cullen scored from an xG of just 0.03, and Chelsea haven't managed a reply just yet.
Fernandez's throughball takes a big deflection and Burnley are static until Mudryk touches it. O'Shea slides in to stop him from having a shot before Chelsea recycle it out to Gusto. His first touch is poor though, and Taylor sees it back to Muric.
GREAT SAVE! Burnley could've been in front! Cullen peels out to the left this time and looks to turn provider as he whips a dangerous cross to the edge of the six-yard box. Foster gets goalside of Badiashile to thump a header on goal, but Petrovic gets behind it.
BLOCK! Gallagher weaves past two Burnley defenders before touching it back to Mudryk, who loses O'Shea with a clever dummy. He takes the shot on after, but Esteve throws himself in front of it to make a vital block.
Chelsea are making their first change of the game now. Gallagher hands Fernandez the captain's armband as he makes his way off. Madueke comes on for him.
GREAT SAVE! Chelsea have found their first-half rhythm again now, and Mudryk makes another brilliant run down the left. He pulls it back from the byline to Jackson, but Muric makes himself big to block the first-time shot.
After struggling against Gusto down the left in the first half, Vitinho is now have a hard time keeping up with Mudryk after switching to the opposite flank. The Ukrainian gets away again, but the shot at the end of the run is poor.
Chelsea have had 79.2 per cent of the possession in the second half so far, and they're still keeping Burnley penned back deep. The Clarets are still standing firm though, even as the pressure increases.
SAVE! Chelsea just about clear their lines after a Burnley free-kick, and Mudryk surges forward on the counter. He lays it off to Madueke on the edge of the D, but his low shot is straight at Muric.
Burnley are making a double change this time. Foster, who could easily have put Burnley ahead in this game with his header, goes off for Rodriguez.
And Odobert, who has been a lot quieter in the second half after a bright first 45 minutes, goes off for Gudmundsson.
WHAT A CHANCE! Fernandez lifts a long pass over the top to Madueke, and he can only touch it into Gusto's path. He drills an inviting ball across the face of goal, and Jackson directs his first-time shot back across goal and wide.
Second change for Chelsea now, and it's Sterling that's coming on in place of Caicedo.
SAVE! Muric is keeping his side in the game here as he stops another Chelsea attack. Cucurella pulls it back to Palmer on the edge of the D, but his pacy shot is held by the goalkeeper at the near bottom corner.
Craig Bellamy is screaming instructions on the sidelines as he tries to organise his team. Chelsea are finding more space in behind, and the Burnley coach is trying to close them before they're punished.
PALMER SCORES AGAIN! Fernandez slides it forward for Sterling, and he plays a lovely backheel straight into Palmer's feet. The youngster gets between the two Burnley centre-backs and fires his second goal of the game into the bottom-right corner to put Chelsea back in front. 2-1 to the hosts!
It's a wonderful piece of skill by Sterling, who didn't have many options with his back to goal but executed the backheel flick perfectly.
Burnley win another free-kick on the left, and Cullen floats a great cross into the far post. Rodriguez goes to attack it, but Madueke just manages to shepherd it out for a corner.
O'SHEA EQUALISES! Burnley are level again! The Clarets are refusing to go down without a fight, and it's a lovely whipped corner into the box by Cullen. O'Shea runs to the near post and has a free header as he thumps it across goal. Petrovic gets two hands to it, but can't stop it from hitting the back of the net. 2-2!
Cullen's brilliant delivery from the free-kick won them the corner, and from that set-piece, he picks out O'Shea for the equaliser.
WIDE! Sterling switches it out to Madueke on the right of the box, and he drops a shoulder to lose Esteve. He drags at his shot though, and it rolls just wide of Muric's near post.
WHAT A MISS! Cullen is reluctant to close Palmer down, and he's able to pick out another wonderful cross. Sterling peels away from his defender to get a free header, and when it looks easier to score, he sends his header wide of the far post.
Gusto pulls up with a hamstring problem, and it looks like his name is going to be added to Chelsea's long injury list. He's taken off, with Gilchrist coming on to replace him.
OFF THE BAR! Chelsea are all over the place during another Burnley corner, and Rodriguez rises high above everybody to power a header at goal. Petrovic is beaten, but it smacks the bar, and the substitute can only volley his follow-up effort well wide.
It's end-to-end at the minute as both sides push for a winner late on. Palmer, unsurprisingly, is at the centre of it all for Chelsea again, but when he slides it forward for Madueke, Muric reacts quickest to cut out the pass.
We're into the first of five additional minutes here, and Muric is trying to take his time over a clearance. He knows he can't take too long, and when he does throw it upfield, Rodriguez wins a free-kick.
Esteve dawdles over a free-kick, and he's booked for time-wasting.
Cullen can only delay the Chelsea attack when it gets caught under his feet, but the Blues win it back before spreading it to Madueke on the right. Taylor stands his ground to give away a corner, but Burnley just about clear their lines.
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 2-2 BURNLEY.
10-man Burnley come from behind twice to earn a point in a 2-2 draw with Chelsea. The Blues dominated the first half, and Disasi had a goal ruled out by VAR for handball before Palmer gave them the lead. Mudryk was brought down in the box by Assignon, and the referee pointed to the spot before sending the Frenchman off for his second booking, which was quickly followed by a red card for Kompany for dissent. Palmer scored a wonderful Panenka from the spot to put them in front, but Burnley pulled level just two minutes after the break through Cullen's long-range strike. Muric made vital saves to keep his side in it before Palmer eventually got his second of the game with a drilled finish, but just three minutes later, O'Shea thumped in an equaliser. Sterling missed a sitter, while Rodriguez struck the bar as both teams searched for a winner, but there was nothing to separate the sides. Chelsea went off to boos from the home fans and now turn their attention to Manchester United on Thursday as they stay in 11th. Burnley are still 19th but are now four points from safety. They host Wolves on Tuesday. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Liverpool and Brighton at Anfield.
This could be a pivotal weekend in the title race, with leaders Arsenal set to take on third-placed Manchester City later on Sunday. Ahead of that game, though, Liverpool will bid to keep their own title charge on course with victory at a ground where they are so strong, winning 11 of their 14 games at Anfield in this season's Premier League and yet to taste defeat on home soil, the best record in the division. Prior to the international break, however, Liverpool suffered late heartbreak away at rivals Manchester United in the FA Cup as Amad Diallo's extra-time winner condemned the Reds to a 4-3 defeat.
Brighton's European charge has been dented somewhat by recent struggles in the league, winning just three of their last nine Premier League outings to leave them in ninth heading into this one, six points behind sixth-placed United. However, a shock win here would see the Seagulls leapfrog West Ham into seventh, and that should provide the motivation needed to bounce back from crashing out of the Europa League after defeat over two legs against Roma before the international pause.
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Caoimhin Kelleher; Conor Bradley, Virgil van Dijk, Jarell Quansah, Joe Gomez; Dominik Szoboszlai, Wataru Endo, Alexis Mac Allister; Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez, Luis Diaz.
SUBS: Cody Gakpo, Ryan Gravenberch, Harvey Elliott, Adrian, James McConnell, Bobby Clark, Jayden Danns, Ibrahima Konate, Konstantinos Tsimikas.
BRIGHTON (3-4-3): Bart Verbruggen; Joel Veltman, Lewis Dunk, Jan-Paul van Hecke; Tariq Lamptey, Pascal Gross, Carlos Baleba, Pervis Estupinan; Simon Adingra, Danny Welbeck, Jakub Moder.
SUBS: Igor Julio, Adam Webster, Adam Lallana, Valentin Barco, Jason Steele, Evan Ferguson, Ansu Fati, Facundo Buonanotte, Samy Chouchane.
Jurgen Klopp makes one change from the cup defeat to United. It's an enforced one as Andrew Robertson misses out after picking up an ankle knock while on international duty with Scotland. Bradley comes in as Gomez slides across to left-back, while Curtis Jones is absent from the squad.
Roberto De Zerbi goes with three alterations from the second leg with Roma as Moder, Veltman and Baleba come in. Lallana drops to the bench, while Billy Gilmour and Julio Enciso are missing from the squad. Welbeck gets the nod up front for his 100th Premier League appearance for the Seagulls.
The two teams make their way onto the pitch ahead of a big game for their respective Premier League ambitions. Who will collect the three points? We will find out shortly!
The visitors kick us off and we are under way at Anfield!
GOOOAAALLL!!! WHAT A START FOR BRIGHTON!!! On his 100th Premier League appearance for the Seagulls, Welbeck has blasted De Zerbi's men in front at Anfield! Liverpool give possession away and Brighton pounce. Adingra brings it forward before the ball is worked into the box, where it sits up nicely for Welbeck to smash goalwards. His powerful effort gives Kelleher absolutely no chance, and Brighton lead 1-0!
Welbeck has marked his milestone game with a goal, becoming just the fourth English player to reach 100 Premier League appearances for Brighton after Dunk, Solly March and Adam Webster.
This is a day that could have major ramifications in the Premier League's title race, and the first goal of it certainly hasn't gone the way you'd have expected. It's crucial Liverpool find a response, though they have plenty of time to find one.
The hosts are getting the ball into dangerous areas but are yet to really threaten. Brighton have largely sat back since going ahead, a dangerous ploy against a side of Liverpool's caliber.
WIDE! As he has done so often for Liverpool, Salah looks to cut onto his left foot and bend a finish into the top corner. This time, however, his effort just doesn't quite curl enough, and the ball flies past the left post.
Welbeck's goal was the earliest a visiting side has gone 1-0 up at Anfield in the Premier League since Tottenham did so in October 2019 (Harry Kane after 47 seconds).
Mac Allister's eyes light up as the balls falls kindly for him to hit and try and score against his old club. However, his former team-mates breathe a sigh of relief as the midfielder's shot flies a couple of yards over the target.
Mac Allister receives the first booking of the game for sending Adingra tumbling to the turf on a Brighton counter. There didn't seem to be too much contact, and the referee certainly hesitated before eventually deciding to blow up and card Mac Allister.
Liverpool are dominating the ball, but Brighton are continuing to look threatening on the counter. The hosts will have to be wary of that, as going 2-0 down would be a huge problem.
CHANCE! Mac Allister picks out a brilliant lofted ball to pick out Salah in the box. Nunez is waiting in the middle, but Salah decides to go for goal himself, and his first-time left-footed volley flies over the crossbar. That was a big opportunity for a player of Salah's quality.
Gross catches his former team-mate Mac Allister with a late challenge in midfield, receiving a yellow card for his troubles. The Argentina international has been left in a heap and looks in a bit of pain.
Much to the majority of Anfield's relief, Mac Allister is up and okay to continue. He has impressed so far in Liverpool's engine room.
After a frenzied opening, the game has just hit its first lull with the tempo slowing. Klopp will be wanting his team to ramp it up again as they look to put the visitors' lead under threat.
Having won each of their first six Premier League games against Brighton, Liverpool have now won just one of their last seven against them (four draws, two defeats).
GOOOAAALLL!!! DIAZ LEVELS FOR LIVERPOOL!!! A corner comes in from the right, and Brighton fail to fully deal with it with a poor clearing header. Salah nods the ball back into the danger area, where Veltman inadvertently nudges it into the path of Diaz. The Colombia international takes it first time, poking into the back of the net at full stretch to make it 1-1! Game on!
The crowd is really up for it now, and it's imperative Brighton don't concede again quickly or this game could get away from them. The Seagulls need half-time, though there's still a good 16 or so minutes until they will receive the sweet relief of the referee's whistle.
Brighton's response to seeing their lead eradicated has been impressive. They threaten down the left again, and the clever move ends with Welbeck blasting into the side-netting. They have certainly given the hosts some real warning signs at the back.
Persistent work from Bradley sees him win the ball back and stride into the Brighton box. He then lays the ball back for Diaz, but the winger can't find the back of the net for a second time as his tame shot is saved comfortably by Verbruggen.
Welbeck manages to get to a ball over the top and cut it back for Moder, but the recipient's shot is deflected over the crossbar and out for a corner, which then comes to nothing.
CLOSE AGAIN! A bizarre moment nearly puts Liverpool ahead as Nunez, on the floor after just seeing a header blocked, manages to swing a leg and flick the loose ball goalwards. It's nearly brilliant, but Nunez's inventive effort takes a nick off the inside of Verbruggen's left leg and deflects wide of the target.
Liverpool have won 23 points from losing positions this season, the highest in the Premier League. That resilience could stand them in good stead again here as they look to add three points to that tally.
As we close in on the break, the frantic pace at Anfield is showing no sign of slowing down. It's been a brilliant first half, and there could yet be more drama before the half-time whistle.
Of Diaz's 15 Premier League goals, 12 have come at Anfield. He has scored in four of his last five home matches in the competition.
We are into four minutes of additional time at the end of this lively first half.
Brighton are unbeaten in their last three away league games against Liverpool (one win, two draws), having only avoided defeat in two of their previous 11 visits to Anfield.
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 1-1 BRIGHTON
The whistle blows to bring an intriguing first half to an end with the scoreline 1-1 at Anfield between Liverpool and Brighton. It was the visitors who took a shock lead within 87 seconds, as former United man Welbeck blasted a powerful finish past the helpless Kelleher to put the Seagulls ahead. Klopp's men responded, though, and after Salah twice went close, he played a key role in Liverpool's equaliser. The Egypt international nodded a loose Brighton clearance into the box, and after Veltman's skewed clearance fell to Diaz, the winger poked into the back of the net to ensure the Reds are on level terms at the interval.
It was a first half that Liverpool certainly had the better of, accumulating 1.24 xG (expected goals) to Brighton's 0.17, but the Seagulls got into some really threatening positions too, and looked potent on the counter. You'd expect the hosts to be the side pressing after the break, but don't rule out De Zerbi's men snatching the three points themselves.
The hosts get the ball rolling again for the second half.
Welbeck receives a yellow card for asking the referee to book Mac Allister following a foul on Baleba.
Van Dijk goes in the book now for hauling Baleba to the turf as Brighton looked to counter.
Brighton have focused one one wing in particular, with 62 per cent of their attacks in the opening 45 minutes coming down the left-hand side, while Adingra recorded the most dribbles of any player in the first half (four). Quansah and Bradley have certainly faced some problems.
CHANCE! Gomez whips a delightful cross into the box for Mac Allister. The midfielder, not known for his heading abilities, tries to nod into the bottom-right corner, but the ball skims off his head somewhat and bounces a couple of yards wide of the target.
Liverpool fans want a penalty as Salah goes down in the box under a challenge from Dunk, but the referee waves away the protests.
Baleba tries his luck with an ambitious effort from range, and it proves to be a very poor decision as he smashes high into the stands, never close to troubling Kelleher.
Gomez receives a blatant yellow card for wiping out Lamptey, who was looking to set his team away on a counter.
Half an hour left to play at Anfield, and as it stands, the hosts are dropping valuable points in the title race. There's no doubt they've been the better team, but they haven't yet converted that dominance into a second and potentially winning goal.
The Seagulls are camped in their own box at the moment, daring their hosts to break them down. They've defended pretty resolutely here, but there's plenty of work still to be done if they are to come away with a shock result.
Nunez cuts onto his right foot and smashes goalwards, but it's straight at Verbruggen, who manages to beat away as Liverpool continue to threaten.
GOOOAAALLL!!! WHAT A GOAL!!! It's a brilliant move that allows Salah to stroke home and make it 2-1! Szoboszlai fizzes a pass from out wide into Mac Allister, who takes a touch before quickly laying into the path of Salah. The winger brings the ball under his spell, before coolly placing a superb left-footed finish past Verbruggen and into the bottom-left corner to put Liverpool into the lead at Anfield!
Mac Allister has impressed here, and he superbly controlled Szoboszlai's pass before teeing up Salah to finish.
Salah has been directly involved in 15 Premier League goals against Brighton (nine goals, six assists), his most against a single opponent. He absolutely loves playing the Seagulls.
The first change of the contest comes from De Zerbi, who brings on Buonanotte for Lamptey.
GOOOAAALLL!!! Or is it??? Diaz thinks he has put Liverpool 3-1 up as he gets onto the end of Salah's perfectly weighted throughball, before his shot goes straight through Verbruggen. He wheels off to celebrate, but the flag goes up for offside to curtail the jubilant scenes. There will be a VAR check, however...
As we await the outcome of the VAR check to see whether Liverpool are 3-1 up, Van Hecke is booked for a foul in the build-up to Diaz's finish.
NO GOAL!!! It remains 2-1 as the linesman's decision to award offside is confirmed to be correct, with Diaz's 'goal' ruled out. There really wasn't much in it, though!
Liverpool charge forward on the counter, with Diaz laying it to his left for Salah. The Egypt international gets into the box, but his effort doesn't seriously trouble Verbruggen, who gets down low to make the save.
Mac Allister has now registered five Premier League assists for Liverpool (24 appearances) - as many as he had in his Brighton career in the competition (98 appearances).
Most of Brighton's threat in this game has been on the counter-attack. Now they have to be the side pressing, it'll be interesting to see if they can conjure up the same problems for Liverpool.
SAVE! Dunk gets up brilliantly to meet Gross' free-kick delivery into the box, and his header looks to be sneaking into the bottom corner, until Kelleher gets down to his left to tip past the post.
It's not been Nunez's most active game, and he is replaced by Elliott for these closing exchanges.
Adingra has caused Liverpool real problems here but now makes way for Ferguson, who will hope to give Brighton a bit more physical presence up top.
Lallana enters the fray against his former side for Moder.
Five minutes left at Anfield, and the visitors aren't exactly hammering the door down in their pursuit of an equaliser. In fact, it's the hosts who look the more likely to grab the fourth goal of this game and secure the three points.
CHANCE! Lallana nearly finds a leveller against his old club after he is picked out in the box, though his low shot dribbles a couple of yards wide of the left post. That would've been some story if he was the man to break Liverpool hearts!
Endo is yellow-carded for cynically pulling the marauding Van Hecke to the turf.
Having scored his side's leveller earlier on, Diaz is replaced by Gakpo.
WHAT A SAVE!!! Verbruggen makes an extraordinary stop to keep his side in the game! After a neat Liverpool move down the right, Salah pounces upon a loose ball in the Brighton box. He fires towards the bottom corner with the help of a deflection, but somehow, Verbruggen gets down to his right to get a strong hand to the attempt and ensure his team still has a chance of a result.
We are well into six minutes of additional time at the end of this game. It's nervy at Anfield now!
Barco joins the action for the closing stages, on in place of Estupinan.
As Klopp looks to see the game out, he brings on Gravenberch for Szoboszlai.
Salah tries to kill the game off by catching Verbruggen out at his near post, but the winger drags his effort wide right of the target.
Gakpo now sees yellow for pulling back Veltman.
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 2-1 BRIGHTON
The full-time whistle brings sighs of relief around Anfield as Liverpool run out 2-1 winners over Brighton to move top of the Premier League, at least until City take on Arsenal later on Sunday. The Reds found themselves behind after just 87 seconds, Welbeck firing past Kelleher and in to stun Anfield. The hosts would respond, though, levelling through Diaz, before a clever move unlocked the Brighton door again in the second half for Salah to finish. There were a few nervy moments late on for the home crowd, but their team held on to secure another huge three points that move them top and with a three-point lead, at least temporarily. For the Seagulls, they remain ninth having seen their European hopes take another blow. They will look to get back on track when they travel to Brentford on Wednesday, while Liverpool host struggling Sheffield United the following day. That is all we have for you from Anfield, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Manchester City and Arsenal at the Etihad Stadium.
This tends to be the period of the season where City really kick into gear and cement their title-winning credentials, especially last season where they rattled off nine straight league victories following the March international break to secure a fifth title in six campaigns. That run included a home triumph over Arsenal to help pip the Gunners to the trophy, and they will hope for the same result here to set up yet another strong finish to the season and a trophy-laden conclusion to it.
The Gunners, meanwhile, will be hoping to put the demons of last season to bed by kicking on and claiming a first league title since the 2003-04 'Invincibles' campaign. They did beat City at the Emirates Stadium earlier this season, so they know they have the tools needed to come out on top against Pep Guardiola and Co, but beating them on their home turf is an even more challenging task. If they do pull it off, this really could be Arsenal's year.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-1-4-1): Stefan Ortega; Manuel Akanji, Ruben Dias, Nathan Ake, Josko Gvardiol; Rodri; Bernardo Silva, Kevin De Bruyne, Mateo Kovacic, Phil Foden; Erling Haaland.
SUBS: Julian Alvarez, Scott Carson, Matheus Nunes, Rico Lewis, Oscar Bobb, John Stones, Jack Grealish, Jeremy Doku, Sergio Gomez.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Jakub Kiwior; Martin Odegaard, Jorginho, Declan Rice; Bukayo Saka, Kai Havertz, Gabriel Jesus.
SUBS: Fabio Vieira, Leandro Trossard, Gabriel Martinelli, Thomas Partey, Eddie Nketiah, Oleksandr Zinchenko, Emile Smith Rowe, Takehiro Tomiyasu, Aaron Ramsdale.
Guardiola makes two changes from the 2-0 FA Cup win over Newcastle United last time out with De Bruyne, who has a great record against Arsenal, coming in for Doku. Kyle Walker is a notable absentee after picking up a knock with England, with Ake in to deputise, while Stones is fit enough to make the bench. Ederson remains out, with Ortega continuing between the sticks.
Saka withdrew from England's squad for the international break but is fit enough to start for the Gunners here. Mikel Arteta goes with one alteration from the Champions League second-leg penalty shoot-out win over Porto as Trossard drops to the bench, with Jesus taking his place in the starting XI.
The two teams make their way onto the Etihad Stadium pitch ahead of this massive game in the Premier League title race. Who will take the three points to land a huge blow on their rival? We will find out shortly!
The visitors kick us off and we are under way at the Etihad Stadium!
Jesus is starting his first Premier League match for Arsenal since January 30 (against Nottingham Forest), a match in which the Brazilian both scored and provided an assist - his last goal contributions in the competition. Against his former side City, he will hope to impress and get on the scoresheet again here.
De Bruyne whips a free-kick into the box, but the well-placed White is able to nod an important header behind to prevent the cross reaching the lurking Haaland. The subsequent corner is then cleared by Jesus.
Jesus does brilliantly to bring a White cross down before firing goalwards, though his low volley only goes into the side-netting. Ortega looked to have it covered anyway.
Ten minutes on the clock at the Etihad Stadium, and there's not been anything to write home about bar Jesus' tame volley. The game is yet to really get going, with the likes of De Bruyne and Saka not getting on the ball as much as their respective managers would have liked.
City have won 12 of their last 13 Premier League games against Arsenal, though the exception was a 1-0 loss at the Emirates in the reverse fixture this season. Could the tide be turning in this fixture for the Gunners?
Havertz (two) and Haaland (three) have had the fewest touches among the 22 starters. That's a damning indictment of how little both sides have threatened so far, with their respective frontmen barely having a kick.
A corner reaches Ake just a couple of yards out from goal. However, the delivery seems to catch him off-guard, and the centre-back can't get a clean effort away, allowing Raya to jump on the loose ball.
Those expecting a high-octane game will have been disappointed so far, with both teams looking a little cagey. That's perhaps to be expected with the gravity of the contest, but it's made for a tough watch for the neutral.
Following their 1-0 win at the Emirates Stadium in October, Arsenal are looking to complete their first Premier League double over City since the 2007-08 campaign. Meanwhile, they last did the league double over the reigning champions in 2001-02 against Manchester United.
The hosts have had 73.1 per cent of the possession so far but have conjured up just one attempt, the same as the visitors. They are the team doing the pressing, but Arsenal are defending resolutely.
A rare foray forward for the Gunners ends with Havertz and Ortega colliding while chasing onto a Jesus throughball. The City goalkeeper wins the race and gathers the ball, with Havertz catching him on the follow-through, and the hosts will have a free-kick.
City have another defensive injury concern as Ake is forced to limp off. Lewis is on in his place, fresh from international duty with England.
Rodri (14) has completed twice as many passes in the final third as Arsenal have as a team so far (seven).
CHANCE! The biggest opportunity of the game so far falls to Jesus. White's deep cross comes to Kiwior, who coolly nudges it back to Jesus. The former City man cannot finish against his former club, however, dragging wide of the right post with his left foot. That will provide some encouragement for the visitors, though.
De Bruyne has scored more goals against Arsenal in all competitions (eight) than he has against any other opponent for City. He also has five assists against the Gunners, only being involved in more goals for the Citizens overall against Southampton (15 – five goals, 10 assists). However, he is yet to really make his mark in this one.
City needlessly give the ball away in a dangerous area, but the visitors cannot make them pay as Jesus takes far too long to pull the trigger, jinking one too many times and allowing the hosts the chance to get players back and block his eventual drive.
Gvardiol stands up a cross into the middle, but Saliba and Kiwior do enough to put off Haaland and ensure the striker can only head well wide of the target. The Arsenal defence have done a pretty good job of keeping the prolific Norway international quiet to this point.
Rodri tries to flick Akanji's cross goalwards, but Gabriel is tight to the City midfielder and the Spain international can only head wide of the left post. The hosts are starting to threaten a bit more, though.
City are unbeaten in their last 38 home games in all competitions (33 wins, five draws) since a 2-1 loss against Brentford in November 2022. It's their second longest run without defeat at home in their history, after a run of 42 between December 1919 and November 1921.
Foden looks to blast towards goal from range, but it's prevented from ever getting close to troubling Raya as Kiwior gets in the way of it.
We are into two minutes of additional time at the end of this first half.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 0-0 ARSENAL
The half-time whistle blows with the scoreline 0-0 at the Etihad Stadium between title rivals City and Arsenal. The best chances have fallen to the Gunners, with Jesus twice going close but ultimately shooting wide, while Ake had an opportunity at the other end from a corner but couldn't get his body sorted in time to get a proper effort away at goal. Therefore, we head into the interval goalless.
There were high hopes heading into this one with two of world football's best sides going head to head. However, it's yet to really catch light, with the sides combining for 1.03 xG (expected goals) off just two shots on target. It surely has to liven up in the second half, and with such high stakes on the game, there's certainly motivation for each team to kick on and claim the three points.
The hosts get the ball rolling again for the second half.
CLOSE! Kovacic nearly scores an exquisite opener as he opens up his body before curling goalwards from range, though his effort just doesn't quite bend enough and ultimately flies wide of the right post.
City have gone on to win all of their last six Premier League home games that have been goalless at half-time. The last opposition side to score in the second half of such matches was Carlo Ancelotti's Everton in January 2020.
Odegaard looks to fire a low pass into the path of Havertz, but the throughball has too much weight on it and races through to the waiting hands of Ortega. Arteta will have liked the intention, though, if not the execution.
All of a sudden, the game has sparked into life. Just moments after Saka's teasing low cross is just out of the reach of Jesus, a couple of big tackles in midfield get the home crowd involved. This has been a much better start to the second half.
The Gunners seem to be pressing a lot higher in this second half. Already they have caught the hosts in possession in dangerous areas on a couple of occasions, and the away contingent are showing their appreciation.
A win here for Arsenal would take them back to the summit of the Premier League on goal difference, while three points for the hosts would move them to within a point of leaders Liverpool.
Both Premier League meetings between Arsenal and City this season have been goalless at half-time; none of the previous 22 league meetings between the two clubs had been 0-0 at the break before this.
Guardiola looks to freshen up his attack with a pair of changes. Grealish comes on for Kovacic.
Doku will try and inject some pace as he replaces Foden.
It remains to be seen what impact those two alterations from Guardiola will have on proceedings. Alvarez is another potential attacking introduction should the City boss choose to bring him on.
Arteta now looks to his bench for the first time. His maiden change sees Tomiyasu come on for Kiwior.
Partey also enters the fray in place of Jorginho.
Jesus petulantly throws the ball away as City wait to take a free-kick. It's a daft move really, and the Arsenal man picks up a booking.
Of City players, only Haaland has had multiple touches (two) in the opposition box. It hasn't been a vintage attacking display from the hosts, but there is still plenty of time for them to find a crucial winner.
Jesus receives both boos and applause from his former supporters as he trudges off for Trossard. The Belgium international has a knack of scoring big goals, and a winner here might be his most important yet.
There have still been only two shots on target in this game, one from either side. It only takes one to score a goal, though, and there is certainly the attacking firepower on display for that to happen.
City have scored in each of their last 57 home games in all competitions, their longest such scoring streak in club history. The last Premier League side to score in more consecutive home games were Manchester United (a run of 61 between September 2010 and November 2012). A City goal here to keep the streak going could end up being the winner.
Saka was a doubt for this game but was able to start. However, he now limps off, with Martinelli on in his place. The Brazil international scored the deflected winner the last time these sides met. Can he repeat those heroics here?
Raya is booked for taking too long over a goal-kick.
Odegaard is perhaps a little lucky to avoid a booking after crunching through the back of Rodri in midfield. He helps the City man back to his feet, and the game is back under way without further punishment for the Gunners captain.
Tomiyasu skews a clearance, putting out for a corner. How costly could that be? It all hinges on De Bruyne's delivery, which is usually excellent.
De Bruyne's corner is flicked on by Gvardiol towards the back post, where Haaland just cannot quite seem to get his feet sorted. The ball goes through the striker's legs and harmlessly out for a goal-kick.
Trossard receives the ball down the left from a clever Odegaard throughball and races into the City box. However, he decides to ignore passing options and instead shoot from a tight angle. He can only fire straight at Ortega, who makes the save. That was a chance for the visitors.
De Bruyne crosses into the Arsenal box, and Haaland manages to nod it back into the danger area. However, the referee blows up for an Arsenal free-kick, and Haaland requires some treatment having taken a blow to his head.
There will be five minutes of additional time for one of these sides to find a winner, one that could be truly pivotal in the title race.
Perhaps the biggest winner of this contest ending goalless would be Liverpool, with both of their title rivals dropping points. The Reds would retain top spot, and it could prove difficult to shift them in Jurgen Klopp's final season at Anfield.
Tomiyasu wins a free-kick near the touchline to relieve some of the pressure his side has been under in recent minutes. Could Arsenal go on and nick the three points themselves?
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 0-0 ARSENAL
The full-time whistle blows, with City and Arsenal forced to share the spoils after the title rivals played out a 0-0 draw at the Etihad Stadium. Jesus twice went close in the first half against his former team, while Ake also wasted a chance at the other end. Kovacic nearly scored a brilliant long-range opener after the restart, but while City pressed for a winner late on, they failed to score for the first time in 58 home games in all competitions, and the scoreline ended goalless. The result means Liverpool remain top having beaten Brighton earlier on Sunday, holding a two-point advantage at the summit over second-placed Arsenal, while City are three points behind the leaders in third. Both City and Arsenal are back in action on Wednesday, when the former will host Aston Villa while the Gunners welcome Luton Town. That is all we have for you from the Etihad Stadium, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Newcastle United and West Ham at St James' Park.
After such a successful campaign last time out in finishing in the top four, this season has been somewhat of a disappointment for Newcastle, who currently sit 10th in the Premier League and with their hopes of European qualification in serious doubt. They've lost three of their last five in all competitions, though the international break may give them renewed vigour as they bid to improve their fortunes.
West Ham, meanwhile, are four points above Newcastle in seventh, just three points behind Manchester United in sixth, and a strong end to the campaign could yet see them finish in the European places while also perhaps claiming Europa League glory. David Moyes' men are unbeaten in four in the league, and they would love to land what could be a 'hammer' blow to Newcastle's hopes of continental qualification here.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Martin Dubravka; Valentino Livramento, Jamaal Lascelles, Fabian Schar, Dan Burn; Sean Longstaff, Bruno Guimaraes, Joe Willock; Jacob Murphy, Alexander Isak, Anthony Gordon.
SUBS: Matt Ritchie, Joe White, Lewis Hall, Loris Karius, Paul Dummett, Emil Krafth, Miguel Almiron, Harvey Barnes, Elliot Anderson.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Alphonse Areola; Vladimir Coufal, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Kurt Zouma, Emerson; James Ward-Prowse, Tomas Soucek; Jarrod Bowen, Lucas Paqueta, Mohammed Kudus; Michail Antonio.
SUBS: Aaron Cresswell, Divin Mubama, George Earthy, Danny Ings, Maxwel Cornet, Kalvin Phillips, Ben Johnson, Lukasz Fabianski, Angelo Ogbonna.
Eddie Howe makes just the one change from his team's last outing, a 2-0 FA Cup defeat at Manchester City, as Livramento returns in defence for Sven Botman, who will miss the rest of the campaign after having knee surgery. Barnes is on the bench after missing two games through injury.
Moyes goes with one alteration from the 1-1 draw with Aston Villa prior to the international break, with Ward-Prowse coming into the midfield for the suspended Edson Alvarez. Kudus was absent for international duty with Ghana but is fit enough to start here.
The two teams make their way onto the St James' Park ahead of kick-off. Which of the two teams can hit the ground running after the international break with three points? We will find out shortly!
The hosts kick us off and we are under way in Newcastle!
PENALTY TO NEWCASTLE!!! What a start this could be for the hosts as Gordon, fresh off his first international break away with England, wins a spot-kick. He nips the ball away from Coufal, who lunges into a clumsy challenge and sends the winger tumbling, giving the referee no choice but to point to the spot! But wait, there is a VAR check for offside in the build-up...
The penalty will stand!!! After a couple of minutes of deliberation, Newcastle will indeed have a spot-kick, with Isak standing over the ball...
GOOOAAALLL!!! ISAK CONVERTS FROM THE SPOT!!! Cool as you like, the Swedish striker steps up, sends Areola the wrong way and places into the bottom left corner. What a start for the hosts, who lead 1-0 within six minutes!!!
Well, it's certainly not the start Moyes will have been hoping for. A defeat here would move Newcastle to within a point of his side, and the Hammers have work to do now if they want to avoid that fate.
When Newcastle score first at St James' Park, they usually go on to claim all three points, winning nine of the 12 home games in which they have netted the opener in the Premier League this season.
The ball bounces nicely for Isak to smash goalwards, but he gets well underneath his effort and it soars high over the crossbar. He looks in the mood for more goals here.
Lascelles goes down for the hosts, and this could be another huge injury blow for Howe and Newcastle, who will still be reeling from the news that centre-back Botman will miss the rest of the season. It may have been a below-par campaign for the Magpies, but it's fair to say that injuries have been a huge factor in that.
Lascelles walks gingerly to the sideline before making his way back onto the field of play. He doesn't look entirely comfortable, though, and the visitors will surely be looking to put him under pressure to see just how fit he is to continue.
Lascelles' race is run as he is forced to make way because of the injury sustained a moment ago. He limps off for Krafth.
Antonio's dipping effort just doesn't quite drop enough as the ball flies over the crossbar. That is the closest the visitors have come to levelling so far.
GOOOAAALLL!!! ANTONIO LEVELS FOR THE HAMMERS!!! It's really poor from the Newcastle defence as Krafth, fresh off coming on for Lascelles, fails to stay with the run of Antonio. It's far too easy for the visitors as Paqueta picks out the striker with a ball over the top, and Antonio keeps his composure to slot past Dubravka and into the back of the net. 1-1 at St James' Park!
Paqueta spotted Antonio's run before finding him with a throughball, setting the forward up to fire home.
Howe will be far from happy with the manner in which his team conceded the leveller. With the injuries his team have suffered at centre-back, he needs players to step up, but that just didn't happen with Krafth for the Antonio goal.
As he looks to restore his team's lead, Gordon cuts in and shoots on his right foot, though it's a comfortable save by Areola down low to his left.
Since the start of last season, only Alexis Mac Allister (seven from seven) has a better 100 per cent conversion rate from the penalty spot in the Premier League than Isak (five from five).
Antonio's equaliser marks the first time he has scored in successive Premier League games for West Ham since August.
It's been a decent response from Newcastle to their lead being eradicated. They've been getting on the front foot and looking to get themselves back into the lead.
Newcastle have lost just one of their last nine Premier League meetings with West Ham (four wins, four draws), a 4-2 home defeat in August 2021.
Paqueta looks a little worse for wear after a challenge near the touchline, though he should be okay to carry on, much to Moyes' relief.
WIDE!!! Not known for his heading abilities, Gordon ghosts into the centre of the box to get on the end of Murphy's cross. He has the space to get a header away at goal, but he can only nod wide of the right post with the goalkeeper left completely flatfooted. That really was a golden opportunity for the hosts to get their noses back in front.
Newcastle fail to deal with a free-kick delivery into their box, and the ball bounces up nicely for Bowen to hit. However, he fails to really trouble Dubravka, who gets down to make a routine stop.
Soucek receives the first booking of the game for bowling over Guimaraes in midfield.
West Ham are struggling to get up the pitch at the moment. Antonio is looking increasingly isolated as the visitors try and make it to the break with the scoreline at 1-1.
Mavropanos makes an absolutely vital interception to hook clear Murphy's cross before the lurking Isak can nod goalwards behind him. That was a potentially goal-saving intervention from the former Arsenal man.
There will be 10 minutes of additional time at the end of this first half. That's not your typical amount of first-half stoppage time, though it's perhaps understandable with the VAR delay for Newcastle's penalty and the lengthy pause for Lascelles' injury.
Willock cannot seriously trouble Areola with a shot from 25 yards out, with the West Ham goalkeeper able to make a comfortable save from the Newcastle man's tame effort.
OFF THE BAR!!! Newcastle are inches away from going 2-1 up, as Murphy rolls the ball back for Guimaraes to shoot from range. The midfielder nearly gets it spot on as the ball looks set to crash into the top right corner, but the Brazil international's shot instead cannons off the upright and deflects away from danger. So close for the hosts!
Just seconds after Guimaraes hit the bar, Kudus looks to be through on goal until Burn nudges him over. The referee rules it a fair shoulder-to-shoulder challenge, much to Moyes' disbelief.
This has turned into a bit of a basketball match in first-half added time, with both sides throwing caution to the wind in their pursuit of the third goal of the game.
GOOOAAALLL!!! KUDUS LASHES WEST HAM 2-1 AHEAD!!! The visitors take a free-kick quickly, with Paqueta playing in Bowen down the right of the Newcastle box. The England international then cuts it back for Kudus, who thunders an effort into the back of the net to put the Hammers into the lead for the first time! The goalkeeper got a hand to it, but the power took it into the back of the net.
Bowen's cutback was perfectly weighted for Kudus to drill home.
Newcastle were far from happy with the award of that goal, with Schar down and clutching his face when Kudus scored having been caught by the Ghana international while fouling him. There didn't seem to be too much contact, though, and the referee waves away the protests.
HALF-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 1-2 WEST HAM
The referee blows the whistle to end a lively first half with the scoreline 2-1 to West Ham over hosts Newcastle at St James' Park. Howe's men were ahead after just six minutes as Coufal sent Gordon tumbling in the box, before Isak coolly stepped up to send Areola the wrong way and convert his spot-kick. West Ham responded, however, levelling through Antonio's fine finish before surviving Guimaraes crashing against the woodwork for Kudus to put them ahead just moments before the interval.
Newcastle have probably shaded matters, accumulating 1.43 xG (expected goals) to the visitors' 0.9 in the first half. The Hammers have been clinical, however, and Howe has work to do at the interval if he is to spark a turnaround.
Moyes makes a change between the sticks at the interval, as Fabianski comes on for Areola, who looked to be struggling in the latter stages of the first half.
The Hammers get the ball rolling again for the second half.
GOOOAAALLL!!! BOWEN MAKES IT 3-1!!! From a Newcastle corner, the Hammers clear before Kudus brings the ball forward, then finding Bowen in acres of space. The winger bears down on goal, before firing a low finish past Dubravka and in to tighten West Ham's grip on this game!
After scoring off Bowen's assist at the end of the first half, Kudus returns the favour with a fine pass to set up West Ham's third goal.
The hosts' defending has really left a lot to be desired in this game. Sure, they have injuries, but the Magpies look to have no chance of European qualification if their backup players look quite this vulnerable defensively.
Only West Ham legend Paolo Di Canio (16 in 1999-00) has scored more goals in a single Premier League season for the Hammers than Bowen this campaign (15).
There are "oles" coming from the away end as the visitors knock the ball around, looking full of confidence and in command of this contest. This would be a huge victory for the Hammers, and right now their lead looks pretty safe.
Livramento is now down in a heap for Newcastle, who just cannot seem to stem this flow of injury problems.
Livramento is forced off with that knock, as Almiron comes on in his place.
Anderson is on as he continues his return from injury, replacing Willock in midfield.
Krafth, who only came on in the 17th minute for the injured Lascelles, goes off for Hall. There doesn't look to be an injury to the Swedish defender.
Newcastle fans receive their first bit of encouragement in a while as their team wins a corner. They cannot take advantage, though, as West Ham deal with the set-piece delivery.
The next goal in this game is absolutely crucial now. It's surely game over if West Ham get it, but a Newcastle goal and the end of this contest could yet be very nervy for the visitors.
CHANCE! A big opportunity comes and goes for the hosts as Almiron cuts the ball back for Isak in the middle of the box, only for the striker to miskick and send his shot skimming out harmlessly for a goal-kick.
WHAT WAS THAT!?!? Newcastle work a great opportunity as Almiron again cleverly pulls the ball back into the box. Longstaff is there waiting to shoot, but it's almost like he loses track of where he is in the box, and his eventual sidefooted effort is awful as it flies well wide of Fabianski's goal.
Almiron, who has been a bright spark for Newcastle since coming on, is now forced off through injury. Barnes, who is just returning after missing time through injury himself, is on to replace him. The Magpies just really cannot catch a break.
Phillips, trying to play his way back into Gareth Southgate's plans for the upcoming European Championships, will get a chance to impress here as he comes on for Antonio.
The visitors have scored three times from four shots on target, performing well above their xG of 1.12. It's been ruthless from the Hammers, especially when compared to their profligate hosts.
BIG SAVE!!! Newcastle go close to halving the deficit as Anderson fires Gordon's cross towards goal first time, only for Fabianski to get across in time to make a brilliant stop and preserve his side's two-goal advantage.
PENALTY!?!? With all hands on deck for the visitors, Fabianski makes another important save to deny Barnes. However, there's then a penalty shout for the hosts as Phillips catches Gordon while trying to hack clear with the ball popping around the West Ham box. There's a VAR check now ongoing...
PENALTY!!! Phillips' bad start to his West Ham career goes from bad to worse as the referee goes to the monitor before deeming Phillips kicked through the back of Gordon. Newcastle will have a chance to halve the deficit with another penalty, and it's Isak again who will step up...
GOOOAAALLL!!! ISAK MAKES NO MISTAKE FROM THE SPOT AGAIN!!! The striker's penalty is a carbon copy of his first, sending the goalkeeper the wrong way and lashing into the bottom left corner to reduce West Ham's lead to 3-2!
This has been a thriller of a game, and Isak's second penalty has now set us up for a grandstand finish. What a start to this weekend of Premier League action!
Gordon receives just about the most obvious yellow card ever as he hauls back Kudus, who wriggled away from the Newcastle man with quick footwork. Kudus had plenty of space to run into and options to his right, so Gordon won't be too unhappy to have picked up a booking there.
Isak has become the first Newcastle player to score two penalties in a Premier League game at St James' Park since Joey Barton against Arsenal in that famous 4-4 draw in February 2011.
GOOOAAALLL!!! BARNES MAKES IT 3-3!!! Incredible scenes at St James' Park as Newcastle, who looked dead and buried in this game, equalise from two goals down. Isak plays a delightful throughball into the path of Barnes, who races onto it before placing a calm finish between the legs of Fabianski and in to level!
Having scored twice himself, Isak now tees up Barnes to get Newcastle back on level terms.
Moyes responds to Barnes' goal by putting on Johnson for Ward-Prowse in a defensive change.
Having been in almost complete control, it's all hands to the pump now for West Ham as they try and cling on to a point. The home crowd is bang up for it, and so is their team.
CLOSE!!! Longstaff drills a cross-shot towards the back post where Barnes is sliding in, but agonisingly, the ball is just out of the former Leicester City man's reach. It's all Newcastle at the minute.
It has been well over half an hour since West Ham last attempted a shot in this game. Their attacking threat has completely dwindled, and it's currently wave after wave of Newcastle attacks.
GOOOAAALLL!!! BARNES SCORES AGAIN!!! WHAT A COMEBACK!!! This has been a truly remarkable contest at St James' Park, and we may have just seen the winner. It's a goal worthy of clinching the points in any game and especially one the calibre of this, as Barnes receives the ball from Gordon, shifts onto his right foot before arrowing a delightful finish past the diving Fabianski and in. 4-3 to Newcastle!!!
Gordon has been impressive again, and he provides the assist for what could be the winner, cutting the ball back before Barnes superbly did the rest.
Isak receives a late yellow card for dissent.
There will be eight minutes of additional time at the end of this magnificent game. It's been high drama, and there may still be more to come...
Moyes puts on Ings for Coufal as West Ham are forced to go for broke.
GORDON IS SENT OFF!!! Newcastle will be forced to defend this lead over the remainder of the game with 10 men as Gordon receives his marching orders for kicking the ball away following a foul from his team. That wasn't the smartest move from the new England international, and it could come back to bite his team!
West Ham just can't quite get the ball high enough up the pitch to trouble the hosts at the minute. They need the likes of Bowen and Kudus to step up!
CLOSE! There's an almighty scare for the hosts as a Kudus cross reaches Soucek at the back post. The midfielder tries to chest home from a tight angle, but the Czech Republic international can only divert into the side-netting.
Soucek gives away a foul as the seconds continue to tick away. Newcastle are surely just moments away from victory now.
FULL-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 4-3 WEST HAM
And breathe! An extraordinary contest at St James' Park comes to an end with the hosts taking a 4-3 victory over West Ham after a seven-goal thriller. Isak put the hosts into the lead after six minutes from the spot following a Coufal foul on Gordon in the box. West Ham responded, though, first levelling through Antonio before Kudus nudged them ahead in the 10th minute of first-half added time. Bowen looked to have put the game beyond Newcastle's reach as he netted three minutes after half-time, but the Magpies would reply in some style. First, Isak reduced the arrears from the spot after Phillips' horrible start to his West Ham career continued by bringing down Gordon for another penalty, before Barnes equalised following Isak's clever throughball. Howe's men weren't finished though, and neither was Barnes as he picked up the ball from Gordon in the 90th minute before arrowing a superb finish past Fabianski and in to secure the three points, even with Gordon picking up a second yellow in added time. The win moves Newcastle up into eighth, and crucially just a point and a place behind West Ham in seventh. The Magpies will look to ride the wave of this incredible victory when they host Everton on Tuesday, while Moyes will hope his side can respond the same day with a game against rivals Tottenham. That is all we have for you from St James' Park, so thanks for your company and goodbye!
Hello everyone, and welcome to this live text commentary of Premier League matchday 30 action! It's 18th-placed Nottingham Forest versus 14th-placed Crystal Palace. A win for either team here would be huge, as we move into the final two months of this dramatic season!
Palace are under pressure to remain clear of the Premier League relegation zone this afternoon at the City Ground as they travel to face Forest, who are under even more strain - having slipped down into the drop zone thanks to their recent points deduction.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-2-3-1): Matz Sels; Ola Aina, Murillo, Felipe, Neco Williams; Ibrahim Sangare, Ryan Yates; Callum Hudson-Odoi, Morgan Gibbs-White, Divock Origi; Chris Wood.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Andrew Omobamidele, Anthony Elanga, Danilo, Giovanni Reyna, Gonzalo Montiel, Harry Toffolo, Matt Turner, Nicolas Dominguez, Rodrigo Ribeiro.
Forest have made three changes to the side who drew with Luton before the international break. Boly comes out for Felipe and Aina steps into the defence in place of Toffolo. Elanga is replaced by Hudson-Odoi.
CRYSTAL PALACE (3-4-2-1): Dean Henderson; Chris Richards, Joachim Andersen, Joel Ward;  Tyrick Mitchell, Jefferson Lerma, Adam Wharton, Daniel Munoz; Eberechi Eze, Jordan Ayew; Jean-Philippe Mateta.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: David Ozoh, Franco Umeh-Chibueze, Hindolo Mustapha, James Tomkins, Jeffrey Schlupp, Naouirou Ahamada, Nathaniel Clyne, Remi Matthews, Will Hughes.
Oliver Glasner makes one change to the Palace side who drew 1-1 with Luton Town three weeks ago. Goalkeeper Sam Johnstone is out for the season with an elbow injury so Henderson comes in to replace him.
Today's officials in Nottingham are led by Chris Kavanagh. His assistants are Simon Bennett and Dan Robathan, whilst the fourth official is Leigh Doughty. On VAR duty, it's Tony Harrington, with Natalie Aspinall assisting.
So, for some further comment on the standings... Forest's run-in with the Premier League's profit and sustainability rules (PSR) has seen them receive a four-point deduction. Now 18th, Nuno Espirito Santo's side ultimately face a mammoth task. Palace on the other hand, have an eight-point buffer - yet still aren't free from the chains of survival doubts. In 14th, Eagles fans will be hoping Glasner's travelling side can make good on some solid friendly preparations back in the international break. They beat both Bodo/Glimt and Millwall, while keeping clean sheets.
After honouring former player Larry Lloyd's recent passing, Forest's fans are in fine fettle. The visitors have won the toss though, and Wharton and Lerma get us under way on the banks of the Trent!
Breaking out of the formative possession, Aina and Hudson-Odoi link up well down the left. It's pulled back, but no one's there! Eze then breaks for Palace, yet the counter comes to nothing.
As was briefly mentioned in the build-up, Forest's newspaper inches have been dominated by talks of the PSR breach that saw four points deducted. Manager Nuno spoke firmly about the situation this week, saying: "It's in our hands, it's up to us to reverse the situation and that is to get points on the pitch and this is what we're going to try on Saturday."
Wing play has been an intriguing ploy from Forest so far. Origi is rapid down the right and pulls it back from the byline. Again though, it finds no one and Palace clear.
The win probabilities here are suggesting a very even game is on the cards. The hosts sit at 37 per cent while Palace look to build around 32.9 per cent. A draw isn't out of the picture either, with 30.1 per cent.
After quite an energetic start, we've hit a slight lull. Saying that, Felipe fouls Eze as he tries to burst forward in the middle of the park. It's very tight here.
GOAAALLLLL! THE EAGLES TAKE FLIGHT HERE IN NOTTINGHAM! Mateta is the man to get it and it's a top finish! Lerma slips Eze in brilliantly down the central-left channel. He squares for Mateta and he finds the top left corner with great power! That's four in his last seven now and Palace lead 1-0!
That was a lovely movement evolving from the centre of the park. Lerma's pass was exquisite, while Eze's awareness to find his striker was simply trademark!
Palace do look the more energised today and it could be down to that aforementioned friendly period in the international break. Glasner spoke of the Spanish training retreat earlier in the week. "We had a very good week in Marbella with a good friendly game, 1-0 against Bodo/Glimt, so a clean sheet, which is always important," Glasner said. "Then we had a good week – we didn’t communicate it until now – with a friendly game against Millwall. It was also a clean sheet for us. So it’s going in the right direction, and I think we did the best out of it that we could."
There's been a few bitty fouls here in the first 15 minutes and now one on the left has seen Eze whip his set-piece to the back post. Sels is caught unaware and has to tip it over! It nearly finds the top right corner! Forest clear and regroup after the resulting corner kick.
Palace's midfield are looking to win the battle in the middle so far. Sangare is crowded out before the men in light blue and white dink it effortlessly around the press.
Aina works it down the left and looks for the beacon that is Wood. It's headed away but drops to Hudson-Odoi who crosses again. It evades everyone, but that's a clear axis that Palace will have to keep an eye on!
Forest have got the better of Palace of late, unbeaten in their last three Premier League meetings (W1 D2 L0). Palace are looking for their first league win in fixtures between the two clubs since November 2022.
Wow, the link-up from Forest! Very satisfying play as Origi and Gibbs-White glide up the pitch down the right. It's put behind by the visitors as the ball is squared. Palace now face a corner on the right side with Gibbs-White standing over it. It comes to nothing, yet Forest return and bright spark Hudson-Odoi earns another set-piece, this time on the left.
Forest are cranking up the pressure now. Henderson fists away the goalline-bound corner. Then, between Dominguez and Sangare, they just can't blast through the Palace line. Red confidence is growing here...
Another Forest attack is helped by Gibbs-White. It moves right through Yates and he finds Origi. The Belgian's effort is blocked well as he tries to fire back across.
Forest have a free-kick after Williams is bundled over just inside the Eagles' half. It's floated over from deep on the right, but yet again - the final ball is missing for the hosts. There are certainly encouraging signs though, it must be said.
Well, there's an offside flag up now against a darting Hudson-Odoi and Palace can finally find reprieve. Munoz has a bloody nose - perhaps an image of Palace's fight in the face of increased pressure from the frenetic hosts.
At the City Ground this season, Forest have four wins, three draws, and seven losses in 14 Premier League contests. In league matches on the road this season, Palace have three wins, four draws, and seven losses. The Eagles are looking to reverse an eight-match away winless streak (W0 D3 L5). The last time they earned a win away was November 2023 against Burnley.
Sangare blasts over from just outside the area. It's not too far astray and Forest employ typically smart passing this time with Yates and Origi. The Ivorian defensive midfielder was perhaps the wrong man in the right place as it arrows over the crossbar...
Gibbs-White is brought down by Ayew on the left side. The fouled man gets up to take the kick, yet it's an ineffective delivery. Williams then goes down on the edge of the area after a mini shoving match. Referee Kavanagh is unmoved. The opposite can be said for the fervent home support.
Since the start of last season, Forest have scored the opening goal in more Premier League games that they’ve failed to win than any other side (18 – D9 L9), doing so last time out in their 1-1 draw with Luton. Maybe going behind first may bring a refreshing change?
In another brief possession-based lull, and to build on the previous point - it's worth noting that if Forest fight back in this one it wouldn't be an uncommon theme. Palace have conceded more goals in the final five minutes of Premier League games this season than any other side (14), doing so in each of their last two matches against Tottenham and Luton. Indeed, only Hull in 2009-10 (16) and Cardiff in 2013-14 (15) have conceded more such goals in a single season in the competition.
SELS! THAT'S AN EXCELLENT BLOCK FROM EZE! The skilful midfielder is played in beautifully by Wharton, yet the big Belgian snuffs out the danger with a superb save with his left arm from close range!
While attacking flair is big on Palace's agenda it seems, Glasner must also be praised for the discipline he's instilled in the side's aptitude for getting back into position when off the ball. Sangare particularly, has struggled to deal with a sophisticated crowd scene in the middle.
Eze backs into a jumping Felipe as a ball is floated over. The Brazilian lands awkwardly and play is stopped. It goes back to Sels and we restart here.
Gibbs-White is given a taste of his own technical medicine! Mitchell is in trouble with the press, but remains calm and sticks tight to the touchline, dancing and evading the midfielder's challenge to craftily keep the ball inbounds. Eze then darts off, but his pass right is poor and Forest move it on. Approaching half-time though, Palace are offering sustained pressure.
Palace have a corner on the right headed out. Lerma arrives to it but leans back and pummels it over. Two minutes of added time have been signalled here.
Palace have another corner as Eze's move is blocked on the left. It'll likely be the final action of the half.
It's played short and Lerma wraps his foot around the ball but it's way too far. Last action of the half indeed, Kavanagh takes us into the break.
HALF-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 0-1 CRYSTAL PALACE
Well, we described this one as a mammoth task for Nuno's men, and as they trail by a goal at the break, the second half could prove even more challenging. After an energetic start to proceedings with some intriguing wing play from the hosts, those in red just couldn't find that final pass. Highlights saw Sangare blast over and Henderson punch clear, yet aside from that - Palace survived to block everything that's came their way. The Eagles have been more decisive in front of goal, and found lift off on 11 minutes with a truly superb goal. Lerma slotted in Eze, and the dynamic playmaker squared smartly for Mateta. He thundered the ball up into the top-left to take Forest fans down the decibel pecking order as South London cheers filled the air. The away side could've found a second just before the break, yet Sels was superb to deny Eze from close range, after he was found by a searching Wharton ball in behind.
So, Forest truly have work to do. Their passing and movement has been sparkling at times, yet that final ball or decisive effort has been found wanting. In terms of xG, it'll be intriguing to see the two sides work on their output. Forest need drastic improvement, with a meagre xG of 0.16. The Eagles on the other hand could stretch the lead if they sink their talons into an impressive xG of 0.85. That said, both sides have had five shots apiece. Elanga is receiving some words from Nuno as he looks to emerge. Sangare is rumoured to be the man coming off. Elanga could be the perfect compliment to Hudson-Odoi and Origi's dynamism ahead of Gibbs-White. Wood needs to be brought into the game more, it must be said, and Elanga could be the man to help that.
There's the change. Sangare didn't look comfortable for wide spells in that first period. Elanga comes in, with seven assists to his name - clearly with a license to bomb forward. It could be a matter of shifting formation for Nuno's men.
Yates gets us back under way here as Forest instantly look to get something from this game.
Forest's half-time team talk can't have been helped by news filtering in from elsewhere. Luton are currently leading Tottenham in London by a goal to nil.
Felipe goes into the book for his efforts to stop his big French adversary. It was looked at by VAR too allegedly, yet the yellow card stands.
The competitive vigour has continued in this second half. Eze is tracked by Yates, with the midfielder on him like a shadow! Then, Mateta receives the ball and rolls his marker Felipe. It's great centre-forward play.
EZE FLASHES IT ACROSS FROM THE LEFT! He's just onside and is picked out in fantastic fashion by Wharton! The England international opens his body but can't find the right side of the goal. Forest napping here and need to wake up!
Wow! Up the other end, Hudson-Odoi is fed by Gibbs-White and he cuts in from the left to fire on target! Henderson powers it away to safety, but it's already been a brilliant start to the second period here! That'll help the xG, no doubt.
Origi is played in on the right. However, he's just offside. In the meantime, Richards is down for Palace with what looks like something muscular. Hughes is warming up for the visitors.
In this quiet spell as Richards is tended to, it's worth going back to Origi's offside. The attacking players for Forest need to make the most of every pass - especially with Gibbs-White behind them. Since his Premier League debut for Forest in August 2022, only Bukayo Saka (106) and Phil Foden (85) have more chances created from open play among English players than Gibbs-White (84), with 10 of his last 11 assists in the competition coming from open play. More will likely come.
Well, there's Wood's first real moment today! He gets on the end of a floated ball from the right, yet his lofty header is tamely off target.
In the next play, Hudson-Odoi looks for Wood again but Palace get it out for a corner which is ultimately cleared.
Forest work it down the right but Andersen is in the right place to block the low ball inside. It's the last move before an imminent change.
Reyna arrives for Origi, he's been a little lacking today. Forest are coming forward...
The ball from Gibbs-White was superb and Wood was agile to beat the offside trap.
WHAT A HEADER! LIKE A SALMON, WITH HIS BACK TO GOAL! Wood's second-half is already leagues above his first, and he's brought Forest back into this one. Gibbs-White floats a delicious ball over and Wood flicks a lovely nod over Henderson into the right-side just under the bar! 1-1! GAME ON!
Wood has now scored 10 in the Premier League this season for Nottingham Forest, netting six goals in his last seven games in the competition. It's the fifth time he’s reached double figures since 2017-18, becoming the seventh player to do so after Mohamed Salah (seven), Son Heung-min (seven), Harry Kane (six), Jamie Vardy (five), Raheem Sterling (five) and Sadio Mane (five).
Schlupp comes on for his 200th Premier League appearance. Ayew comes off.
Mateta did brilliantly just now, nearly reaching Schlupp after bullying back possession on the byline. That would've been some introduction for the new man but it gets blocked well.
BIG SAVE FROM SELS! Eze is an absolute nuisance, with a hop, skip, and a jump through several outstretched Forest limbs. Gliding into the box from the left, he tries to find Schlupp and it bounces back him fortuously before shooting for the left side. Sels spreads himself excellently once again.
Schlupp is deemed a little too exuberant with his challenge. Gibbs-White stands over the free-kick on the left. Wood clearly the target...
Forest get a touch on the ball, yet it's widely believed if it was either side of Henderson, the offside flag would've intervened. Simple save nonetheless.
Forest tails are up on the left side, but yet again, as said before - Palace's great shape slows down a sharp move.
REYNA AND GIBBS-WHITE GO CLOSE! The U.S.A. international finds himself with the ball as Forest rework the play on the edge of the box. He fires straight at Henderson. The ball is recycled and Gibbs-White nearly smacks the material off the ball as he sends a shot whizzing over!
We're into dangerous territory in the final 15 minutes now, given Palace's record with conceding late goals paired with this game's Wood renaissance!
Mitchell winds up Elanga as he clears. The defender is wiped out on the left. Palace now look to introduce fresh legs. After this, Mateta gets played in but Felipe tracks back and hits him like a ton of bricks with a vintage tackle.
Wharton has been brilliant today. He's certainly one to watch, possessing superb passing range for a young man. He's adapted well to Premier League life since joining from Blackburn Rovers and looks to be coming off...
Hughes comes on for Wharton and his Derby County pedigree brings with it some slight boos from the home contingent.
Forest have moved on up and earned a free-kick on the left. Gibbs-White whips it across but Henderson deals with it well and punches clear in agile fashion.
Aina is hobbling with a knock. Before today, he's not played properly since mid-February's Africa Cup of Nations. He's done well, all things considered.
Toffolo arrives for the jaded-looking Aina as we approach the final five minutes of regular time here.
Williams fouls Eze as the skilfull midfielder glides away from the Welshman outside the 'D' of the box. He's convinced he got the ball, but Eze has done well here. It's time for a free-kick in a dangerous area and the recipient of the foul is up to take it. A short move is worked by Eze and he them earns a corner with a blocked cross on the left.
OFF THE POST! The resulting corner flies in from the left and Munoz is a menacing presence in the six-yard box. It glances off him and then slides off Williams' head and across to the right post! Hughes then smashes it over from the edge. What a let off for the hosts!
Forest have taken a breath and worked it forward. Their attacking impetus earns a corner and Gibbs-White curls it from the left. As he has done consistently, Henderson claws the cross away from trouble.
After encroaching the 90 minutes, this relegation showdown has another six minutes added on!
Gibbs-White nearly slips in Wood! Anderson cuts the central pass out expertly with sliding athleticism!
Mitchell looks for Mateta with a low ball from the left side! Schlupp feeds the young wing-back well, yet the following pass is less than kind for the striker. It's way too far ahead, and now the experience of Clyne looks to be emerging to try and make an impact here.
That botched cross for Mateta is Mitchell's last action of the game as Clyne comes in to replace him.
We're into the final minute of stoppage time here... can either side snatch it? Gibbs-White is trying to pull the strings but Palace are resolute!
Hudson-Odoi is wide on the left! Yet he agonisingly squanders the chance to cross and it flies way too high over the back post. A dismal end to a brilliant contest...
FULL-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 1-1 CRYSTAL PALACE
That's it here in Nottingham and the points are shared! What an encounter at the bottom of the table that turned out to be! Forest will be frustrated that they couldn't make good on a number of excellent passing moves, especially in the first half. However, they showed excellent fighting spirit to get back on level terms after Crystal Palace's thunderous opener on 11 minutes. It was a combination of Lerma, Eze and Mateta that had Forest seeing stars and the latter sent the ball rocketing into the top-left corner to round off a slick move and score his fourth goal in five games. After this, things could've got worse for the hosts as Sels was called into action before the break, denying Eze from close range. Luckily though, Forest and Wood finally found their feet in this one - or should I say head? Just after the hour, the New Zealand international nodded a lofting effort home over Henderson following an elite cross from Gibbs-White. The nature of this game was illustrated dramatically with more key stops from Sels, numerous punches away from Henderson, and Williams heading onto his own post late on, yet the honours somehow stayed even. Forest now look to eat into their points deduction further as they prepare for Tuesday's visit of Fulham. Palace, meanwhile, get ready for a trip to Bournemouth as they fight their own, much quieter relegation concerns. Thanks for joining us, and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League clash between Sheffield United and Fulham.
Having conceded the most goals for any team this season and languishing at the bottom of the table, Sheffield United were anyway struggling. But they come into this game probably feeling even more bruised after the events at the Vitality Stadium in their last game before the international break. After a spell of three games before that one in which they did not score at all and conceded a combined 12 goals, the Blades finally scored before seeing a two-goal advantage slip into a 2-2 draw against Bournemouth. However, the task only gets tougher against the in-form Cottagers.
Fulham’s results in their last four games define their season so far in a way. A loss to Wolves is sandwiched between wins against Manchester United, Brighton, and most recently Tottenham. However, they have great momentum right now after beating Tottenham 3-0 at Craven Cottage in their latest outing before the break. The Cottagers have European football in their sights and will see this meeting with struggling Sheffield United as a huge chance to climb up the table. They have no new injury issues and will bank on Rodrigo Muniz’s supreme form to continue.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-5-2): Ivo Grbic; Jack Robinson, Anel Ahmedhodzic, Mason Holgate; Ben Osborn, Gustavo Hamer, Oliver Arblaster, Vinicius Souza, Jayden Bogle; Ben Brereton, Oliver McBurnie.
SUBS: Wes Foderingham, Auston Trusty, Yasser Larouci, Sam Curtis, Oliver Norwood, Anis Ben Slimane, James McAtee, Andre Brooks, William Osula.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Antonee Robinson, Calvin Bassey, Tosin Adarabioyo, Timothy Castagne; Sasa Lukic, Joao Palhinha; Willian, Andreas Pereira, Alex Iwobi; Rodrigo Muniz.
SUBS: Marek Rodak, Kenny Tete, Tim Ream, Harrison Reed, Tom Cairney, Raul Jimenez, Harry Wilson, Adama Traore, Bobby Reid.
Chris Wilder makes three changes to his Sheffield United side from the 2-2 draw against Bournemouth three weeks ago. Mason Holgate and Anel Ahmedhodzic replace Auston Trusty and the injured George Baldock in defence. Also, Vinicius Souza is in for Tom Davies.
Marco Silva names an unchanged Fulham side from their 3-0 win over Tottenham just before the break. Adarabioyo and Bassey continue as centre-backs, while the in-form Muniz starts up front.
The teams are making their way out to the pitch. Fulham, who won the reverse fixture 3-1 at Craven Cottage back in October, have won just two of 14 away Premier League fixtures this season. However, they will fancy their chances of handing Sheffield United a fourth consecutive home league defeat.
KICK-OFF! Bramall Lane is ready for action, the managers have their customary (and quite respectful) embrace, and Sheffield United kick us off in the first-half.
Not much action in the first couple of minutes with both teams enjoying a bit of the ball. Remember, Sheffield United have won just one of their five Premier League games against Fulham.
Fulham doing most of the running so far. They get into the box through Lukic who looks to find Muniz, but not much trouble for Sheffield United who clear.
First free-kick to the Blades on the halfway line as Tosin fouls Brereton to the floor. The ball finds its way towards Brereton who guides it towards goal, but Leno calmly collects.
Now on the other side. Robinson's strong long-range effort is saved by Grbic.
McBurnie catches Palhinha with a late tackle and its Fulham now who have their first free-kick of this match. Pereira takes it from a somewhat dangerous position and finds Tosin, but Fulham cannot capitalise.
Fulham with a bit more threat in a last couple of minutes. Pereira again in the thick of it, this time with a lovely outside-of-the-foot ball to Willian. To no avail though.
United already looking caught out a bit and both Iwobi and Castagne looking good down the right for Fulham. Willian is taken down after a cross comes towards him, but nothing given by the referee.
Fulham are looking to complete their first league double over Sheffield United since 2017-18 in the Championship.
Another free-kick in the middle of the pitch to the Blades. Grbic comes up to take it but Fulham deal with it. No fuss.
Good goalkeeping! Grbic does well to beat Castagne off a lovely through-ball from Iwobi.
Robinson's strong arm shoots a good throw-in straight into the box, but Leno punches it away.
Fulham threatening but not making the most of it yet. Palhinha tries his luck from long range but it sails way over the bar.
Free-kick and wasted! A good chance this for Sheffield United as they win a free-kick from dangerous territory just outside the box. However, Osborn overhits it to Ahmedhodzic who cannot do much and it is out for goal-kick.
Fulham again controlling possession and some shouts from the visitors for a hand-ball in the box but no importance given to it.
Brereton is fouled again, and the referee quickly gives a free-kick in favour of the Blades. But as has been the case so far, they once again waste the opportunity.
Willian picks out Lukic who makes a very smart run, but Ahmedhodzic is quick to come across and block the threat.
A very scary looking coming together just outside the Sheffield United box between two players - unclear who was involved - but both thankfully look unscathed.
Fulham dominating possession with 76 per cent so far. They would like that but also be a bit frustrated to have not yet capitalised on it.
First shot on target for the hosts. Another very long throw-in from Robinson, Ahmedhodzic hits it goalwards but Leno very comfortably saves.
Strong again from Fulham down the left. But again, nothing comes out of it. First Pereira then Iwobi both have shots saved by Sheffield.
OFF THE POST! Impressive stop from Grbic. Muniz, Fulham's star goalscorer, finds his way to the six-yard area and takes a shot at goal, before the keeper gets a hand on it and the ball clips the post.
Willian causing problems for Sheffield United. The former Chelsea man wins a free-kick outside the box on the left. The resulting set-piece finds Iwobi whose weak effort is easily collected by Grbic.
Fulham have been quite impressive, something they have not quite enjoyed away from home a lot this season. Need more clarity and conviction in the final third though.
Late corner in the first-half to Sheffield United. Bogle wins it as his shot hits Tosin's heel on the way out. Can they make it count?
One minute of stoppage time added in the first-half.
WIDE! Better from Sheffield United though. The corner was weak but Hamer collects the ball and whips a shot wide of the far post from the edge of the box.
HALF-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 0-0 FULHAM
A first-half of few chances but not much excitement and quality. Fulham definitely looked the better team, particularly down the left, and dominated possession. The best chance of the half fell to Muniz, who found the post off a good save by Grbic. Sheffield United had their brightest moment just before half-time through Hamer, but his shot flew just wide. A more thrilling second half in store? We shall soon find out.
Fulham, to no one's surprise, leading the xG ratings from that first-half. The visitors had an xG of 0.51 in the half to the Blades' 0.19. They also had eight shots on goal (three on target) to Sheffield United's four (one on target). Fulham have stronger options off the bench as well, so they would feel confident despite not having converted so far. Stay tuned for the second half.
KICK-OFF! We are back underway at Bramall Lane as Fulham get things going in the second-half. No changes from either side just yet.
Muniz wins a corner for Fulham within mere seconds of the restart. He holds his ankle in some pain after that, but looks fine.
OFF THE POST! Muniz the man once again and his header this time finds the post. A briliant right-wing cross from Pereira finds the forward, who is not in the best of positions, but makes decent contact.
SAVE! Arblaster with a crucial save. Willian again troubles the Blades down the left, finds an unmarked Lukic in the box. The midfielder's shot is saved by a sliding Arblaster. The defender looks in a lot of pain after all that and is being treated upon.
Arblaster is up again after some treatment and looks fine to continue. Meanwhile, Fulham continue the pressure and find another corner.
A much more intense start to this half so far. Fulham already looking more confident in the final third.
Missed chance! Fulham through the left make another superb move through Robinson. His low cross finds Iwobi who should have taken a shot but wastes time deciding. Arblaster with another key save.
GOOOOOALLLL! The Blades against the run of play. Tosin fluffs it in defense with a weak attempted pass, Sheffield United pounce down the left, McBurnie charges through and slots in a lovely ball to Brereton, who makes no mistake and taps it into an empty net. Sheffield United 1-0 Fulham.
McBurnie punishes a loose pass from Tosin, runs down the left and plays a superb cross into the box.
Holgate is back in the team and is also back in the book. Gets the game's first yellow card for a late challenge on Willian.
GOOOOOALLLL! Sheffield United's joy is short-lived and Fulham finally convert. A Fulham corner is taken by Pereira down the right-wing. He easily finds an unmarked Palhinha who hits a near-post header in the far corner. 1-1
Pereira easily finds Palhinha from a corner on the right-wing. United looked asleep in defense, leaving Palhinha completely free.
Fulham add more threat after that equaliser. Traore comes in for Lukic.
With that Fulham goal, Sheffield United have conceded 43 goals at home in the league this season, now only three short of the record for a single campaign.
GOOOOOALLLL! And the Blades respond! The crowd and the manager are absolutely ecstatic. Sheffield United take a quick free-kick, completely catching Fulham off guard. Brereton down the left plays it to McBurnie who slots it home. Sheffield United 2-1 Fulham.
A quick free-kick from Sheffield United finds Brereton down the left, who returns the favour to McBurnie for the previous goal.
GOOOOOALLLL! Incredible from the hosts, they are now 3-1 up! Hamer with a great inswinging cross from the left and picks out Brereton. However, there is a VAR check ongoing after a lot of confusion as it seemed the ball came off the goalscorer's arm. After a couple of minutes of checking, the goal stands.
Sheffield United move the ball down the left and Hamer slots in a lovely inswinging cross to Brereton.
So much happening there! The goal from Brereton was deemed to be fair. He clashed with Leno after that goal and there were some heated clashes there, but all seems to be sorted now.
In the middle of all that serious chaos, Cairney comes on for Iwobi.
A chance for Palhinha goes begging as his unimpressive effort flies wide of the far post.
Fulham have wasted a golden opportunity here. They will rue all those missed chances especially in this second half. All Sheffield United at the moment as they suddenly look very threatening.
Goal for Sheffield United but it is disallowed. Fulham's defence just cannot clear their lines from a free kick, the ball then falls nicely to McBurnie just eight yards out and he takes it with open arms. A VAR check was ongoing and it was disallowed for an offside on Souza in the build-up. Still 3-1
Substitution! Tete is on for Castagne.
Change! Trusty is on for Souza.
More changes for Fulham. Reid replaces Pereira.
Jimenez comes on for Adarabioyo
Cairney charges ahead from a quickly taken free-kick by Fulham. He then finds Reid just outside the box, who slots it home.
GOOOOOALLLL! What a strike! Fulham are still in this and impact-sub Reid with a brilliant long-range strike brings Fulham back into it. Gets the ball from Cairney and finds the bottom left corner of the goal from just outside the box. Almost 4-1 to definitely 3-2 within no time, and now we could have a grandstand finale!
CHANCE! So close to a Fulham equaliser as Traore gets the ball on the right corner, cuts back inside, before smashing a curler inches past the far post.
Arblaster is subbed off and on comes Norwood.
Another among a wholesale of changes! McBurnie, the star of the day for the hosts, goes off, and on comes McAtee.
FOURTEEN minutes of added time to end an enthralling half.
Fulham now looking to make the most as Sheffield United look very nervy. They win back-to-back corners and can smell an equaliser.
GOOOOOALLLL! An absolute screamer from Muniz! Wow! After an initially unsuccessful corner, Fulham rework the ball to the right towards Traore, who chips the ball into the box where Muniz pulls off an unbelievable overhead bicycle kick past Grbic. 3-3!
Regrouping after a failed corner initially, Fulham work it to Traore who finds some space and then finds Muniz inside the heart of the box. Great impact from the substitute Traore.
Eight goals in his last eight games for Muniz. No one has scored more goals than him in the Premier League since the start of February.
Once again, Sheffield United have let a two-goal lead slip. They were 2-0 up at Bournemouth in their previous game, it ended in a draw. Deja vu.
Out of nowhere, the Blades are now hanging on. Grbic at the near post gathers Robinson's effort from the left.
YELLOW! Norwood is booked for an argument with the ref.
Another one! Bassey is booked for a heated argument with Hamer.
Hamer goes into the book too for his clash with Bassey. Tempers flaring in the dying minutes of this thriller.
Fulham win another corner. Muniz finds it with a header on the near-post, but hits it straight at Grbic.
YELLOW CARD AGAIN! Bogle this time for a bad foul on Robinson as the defender broke through the halfway line. So much tension now!
Yet another Fulham corner is dealt with neatly by the Blades. Soon after, McAtee catches Robinson to gift Fulham a late free-kick on the left edge of the box. Now Fulham with a chance to seal an incredible victory.
CHANCE! Not too far from a Fulham winner. The resulting free kick finds an unmarked Cairney on the edge of the box but his low shot is saved by Grbic who will breathe a HUGE sigh of relief.
FULL-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 3-3 FULHAM
And breathe! An incredible six-goal thriller ends in a 3-3 draw between Sheffield United and Fulham at Bramall Lane. It was a game of two highly contrasting halves. Fulham dominated so much of the possession in a goalless first-half, during which they missed a host of chances. Right from the get-go, the second-half seemed like it had all the ingredients to turn this into a thriller. The Blades took the lead out of nowhere, Fulham equalised in quick time, before United went 3-1 up. For the second time in as many games, they saw a two-goal lead slip, and it was that man Muniz again for Fulham who hit home the equaliser with a ‘goal of the season’ contender. Sheffield United earn another point but are still seven points from safety ahead of facing Liverpool next. Fulham, who face Nottingham Forest next, stay in 12th place with 39 points. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this match in the Premier League, as Tottenham host Luton Town looking to climb their way back into the top four.
Spurs return from the international break with 10 games of the season to go, and the race to secure a Champions League place hotting up as a result. Having thumped an Aston Villa side directly above them 4-0 away from home, Ange Postecoglou's side then wilted with a demoralising 3-0 defeat at Fulham in their last match. Only three points separate Villa and Spurs coming into this weekend, with the latter able to go fourth on goal difference should all results go their way.
Nottingham Forest’s points deduction for breaches of the Premier League's profit and sustainability rules has seen them drop below Luton into the final relegation place, but the Hatters are still just one point clear of the trapdoor coming into this game. Rob Edwards’ side haven’t won since the end of January and only secured a draw with Forest in their last match thanks to Luke Berry’s 89th-minute equaliser, but having been unlucky to not get anything out of their 1-0 defeat to Spurs in the reverse fixture, Luton might just have the confidence to secure a first league victory in two months here.
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Radu Dragusin, Destiny Udogie; Yves Bissouma, Pape Sarr; Dejan Kulusevski, James Maddison, Timo Werner; Son Heung-Min.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Brandon Austin, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Richarlison, Emerson Royal, Giovani Lo Celso, Brennan Johnson, Rodrigo Bentancur, Ben Davies, Micky van de Ven.
LUTON TOWN (4-3-3): Thomas Kaminski; Issa Kabore, Teden Mengi, Reece Burke, Alfie Doughty; Luke Berry, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu, Ross Barkley; Andros Townsend, Carlton Morris, Tahith Chong.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: James Shea, Tim Krul, Cauley Woodrow, Jordan Clark, Daiki Hashioka, Fred Onyedinma, Joe Johnson, Zack Nelson, Axel Piesold.
Werner starts on the left flank in Spurs’ only change from their 3-0 loss at Fulham, having scored in back-to-back matches against Crystal Palace and Aston Villa beforehand. Johnson is joined on the bench by Van de Ven, who has returned from injury and scored the only goal in Tottenham’s 1-0 win at Kenilworth Road last October.
Berry’s late equaliser last time out for Luton sees him rewarded with a start in midfield, playing on the right-hand side with Townsend ahead of him. Clark drops to the bench while Chiedozie Ogbene is absent altogether, and Morris leads the line as well as captaining the Hatters in north London.
The teams head out onto the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium pitch, and we'll be ready for kick-off in no time at all!
Spurs captain Son gets the game under way for the hosts, as a must-win match for both sides begins in north London!
GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!! Luton lead inside three minutes!!! A Spurs attack breaks down and Townsend sets off on a long run up the right flank. He cuts the ball back to Barkley, who squares for Chong, and the forward drills a low shot across the face of goal and into the bottom-right corner!! 1-0 to the Hatters in no time, and Spurs' woes at the back continue!
Barkley had the time and space to go for goal himself, but instead found Chong in an even better position to rifle the ball home for Luton.
Luton have now scored in their last 18 Premier League games, and it's the third time this season that Chong has put the Hatters 1-0 up!
WIDE!!! Son and Werner combine down the left as the latter hangs up a cross from the byline. Sarr arrives at the far post to head goalwards, but can only put his effort wide of the target!
Kulusevski and Kaminski collide as the pair chase down a throughball into the Spurs winger's feet, and it appears that the Luton goalkeeper caught some stray studs in the thigh as he collected that dangerous pass.
Luton have won just one of their 16 top-flight away games against Tottenham, beating them 3-1 in November 1985. Their last such visit was a 4-1 defeat in November 1991, with Scott Houghton and Gary Lineker each netting a brace for Spurs.
Son drifts wide to play Kulusevski in behind the Luton defence, but his cutback from the byline takes a series of deflections before being put behind for a corner by Townsend!
Since beating Brighton 4-0 in January, Luton are without a win in their last eight league matches. Away from home they’ve conceded at least four times in three of their last four games and four times overall – the last side to do so more times in a Premier League season was Manchester United with five in 2021-22.
WIDE!!! How are Spurs not level?? Attacking quickly on the break, Maddison's cross-field ball over the top is brought down at speed by Werner. He cuts inside, then back out to beat Kabore before shooting, but drills his low shot across the face of goal and agonisingly wide of the far post!
Doughty floats a long-range Luton free-kick into the box, which is half-cleared by Spurs before Burke recovers it. He plays a one-two with Townsend and fires a cutback towards Morris from the byline, but Maddison's intervention sees the ball go behind for a corner!!
Spurs are straight onto the attack after dealing with Doughty's corner and Werner is played into space down the left. He looks to cross into the middle from the edge of the box, but Kabore slides in with a perfectly-timed tackle to scythe the ball out of play!
OFF THE WOODWORK!!! The entire stadium is wondering just how Spurs didn't score there!! Luton are caught short in midfield and Son bursts clear of the defence to round Kaminski in the box. He shoots, but the ball bounces off both posts and back out again, before successive follow-up shots from Werner and Sarr are blocked on the line!!! Panic stations at the back for Luton, who somehow preserve their 1-0 lead!!
Tottenham have won nine of their last 10 Premier League games against newly promoted sides, with their only defeat coming at home against Bournemouth in April last season. At home, Spurs have scored in each of their last 40 such games since a 1-0 loss to Wolves in December 2009.
CHANCE!!! Sarr makes another darting run forwards to get on the end of Dragusin's long pass and beats Mpanzu to fire in a cross, but no-one in white can get on the end of his ball in as it flashes across the face of goal!!
Chong drops deep to assist Doughty and does his best to get away from Porro, but is eventually pulled to the floor by the Tottenham right-back and wins a free-kick on halfway.
Dragusin intercepts a Kabore pass to spring a Spurs counter-attack, finding Son who turns and runs forward over halfway. With Kabore out of position the South Korean looks for Werner to his left, but overhits his pass and sends it behind for a goal-kick!
Maddison tees Udogie up to cross from the left-hand side, but his floated ball across the face isn't turned home by any team-mates in the vicinity!
Just two of Maddison’s 11 Premier League goal involvements for Spurs this season have come at home. Against newly promoted sides, he’s been involved in 19 goals in his last 16 games in the top-flight (nine goals, 10 assists), setting up the winner in the reverse fixture at Kenilworth Road.
Barkley gets into a tangle with Kulusevski on halfway and loses out, but follows in with a late lunge on Maddison which results in a Spurs free-kick and a yellow card for the Luton midfielder.
Spurs have options queuing up on the edge of the box as Son, Maddison and Werner all refrain from shooting, but the latter's square pass for Bissouma is intercepted by Berry!
Tottenham are unbeaten in their last 10 league games against Luton, and are looking to complete their first league double over the Hatters since 1983-84.
Maddison turns Burke as he flicks on a lobbed ball, with Luton at risk of being exposed in defence. Burke drags back Maddison to concede a cheap free-kick, and is yellow-carded for a challenge which you'd bet he knew would see him go into the book.
Sarr plays in Son as the Spurs captain makes a run into the box, but he can't bring the ball under control after being crowded out, and Kaminski collects for Luton!
Son has a pop at goal with a left-footed strike from the edge of the area, but it's blocked easily enough by Chong and loops wide of the target for a corner!
Luton have won five, drawn one and lost three of the games they've been 1-0 up in at any point this season, the most recent of which saw them lose 4-3 to Bournemouth despite being 3-0 up away from home!
Chong looks to cut inside and set off on the break for Luton over halfway, but he's cut down from behind by Bissouma in a poor challenge reminiscent of the one which saw him sent off for two yellow cards at Kenilworth Road.
BLOCKED!!! Townsend plays a one-two with Berry from a Hatters' throw-in and whips a pinpoint cross towards the far post. It falls for Doughty, whose left-footed volley is on target before being blocked behind for a corner off Porro!
Berry meets Doughty's delivery from the set-piece with a powerful looping header, but can't get the direction right and sends his effort wide of the near post!
We'll play three added minutes to close out what's been a hugely frustrating first half in front of goal for the home side. Less so for the visitors!
Luton win a late free-kick which is whipped into the box at speed by Doughty, and a deflection off Romero gives the visitors a corner in the shadows of half-time.
CHANCE!!! The hosts counter looking for a late response right on half-time, as Maddison and Son combine to find Werner on the left. He cuts inside before squaring to Son, but the striker's first-time shot is cut out and cleared away by Mengi!
HALF-TIME: TOTTENHAM 0-1 LUTON TOWN.
It's the visitors who lead 1-0 at the break, with Luton silencing the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium inside the opening 150 seconds! Chong's early strike finished off a well-worked move which former Spurs winger Townsend played a key part in, and remains the difference going into half-time. You'd be forgiven for forgetting the Hatters had even scored though, given how one-sided the rest of the half was in Tottenham's favour. Werner shot wide from right in front, and a crazy sequence just minutes later saw Son hit both posts before Sarr and Werner were both denied by goal-saving blocks. Porro was called into action at the other end to prevent Doughty volleying in Luton's second, but other than that it's been one-way traffic towards Kaminski's goal. Spurs still have it all to do in the second half though, and the Hatters won't be giving up their crucial 1-0 lead without a fight.
Chong's goal remains the difference thus far, coming in the third minute with his only attempt of the first half. The Dutch forward has also completed one final-third pass and been successful in all six of his duels, turning possession over four times and winning four free-kicks in the process with the Hatters striving to keep the ball as best they can, under wave after wave of pressure from the home side.
Johnson enters the fray at half-time for Spurs, taking Kulusevski's place on the right-hand side of the hosts' attack.
Burke is withdrawn at the break by Edwards, with Hashioka replacing him in the Hatters' back four.
We're back for the second half, and Spurs have it all to do as Morris kicks off for Luton!
Porro is taken out off the ball by Mpanzu as the hosts launch an early attacking raid, and Luton's Congolese midfielder is shown a yellow card just seconds into the second half.
Tottenham have a record of three losses and two wins and draws when trailing at half-time in the Premier League this season, and need to turn that patchy form around if they're to keep pace in the fight for a top-four place!
Maddison beats two on his way into the Luton box before being dispossessed timely by Doughty, and Barkley combines with Hashioka as the visitors play their way out of defence!
SAVED!!! Doughty tees up Barkley on the edge of the area and the midfielder fires a low shot through the crowd. It's creeping in too, but Vicario gets down low to his left and tips the ball away from danger, despite seeing it very late indeed!!
GOOOOAAALLL!!! A stroke of good fortune gets Spurs level!! Johnson makes an instant impact, playing a one-two with Porro before drilling a threatening ball across the face of goal. Werner's closing in at the far post, but it's Kabore who gets the vital touch, accidentally steering the ball beyond Kaminski and into the back of the net!! 1-1 in north London, and will that spur the hosts on to go and win this game?
There's a quick check for offside from Porro's initial ball to Johnson, but the Welshman's run is given the all-clear by VAR and the goal stands!
CHANCE!!! Kabore avoids a second successive own-goal!! Lovely one-touch play between Son, Maddison and Porro sends the latter in behind the Luton defence, and his cross from the byline is thumped away from danger by Kabore facing his own net!
Maddison's attempted shot ricochets into the path of Sarr, but Kaminski dives onto the loose ball before the offside flag is raised!
SAVED!!! Porro surges onto the ball and finds Son in the box with a perfectly-placed low cross, but the Spurs captain's first-time effort is saved brilliantly by Kaminski from close range!
Johnson has shooting space on the edge of the box and tries his luck from 20 yards, but a series of deflections takes all power out of the shot and it's an easy one for Berry to eventually clear.
Tottenham have now scored 15 goals in the first 15 minutes of their second halves this season, more than any other Premier League side.
CHANCE!!! Porro and Sarr combine to play in Johnson down the right, and the substitute's latest cross causes further trouble for Luton. Werner closes in, but Kabore slides in once more to deny him!
Kaminski has stayed down in the goalmouth after colliding with his own post in keeping out a dipping cross from Porro, but gets back to his feet with Luton readying their latest substitute.
That substitute is Clark, who replaces Berry in Luton's midfield for the final half-hour of this closely-fought contest.
SAVED!!! Townsend wins and takes a Luton corner on the right-hand side, which is met and punched away by Tottenham goalkeeper Vicario. It lands at the feet of the substitute Clark, who fizzes a low half-volley towards the bottom corner and forces Vicario into a last-ditch save!!
Porro makes a smart run in behind the Hatters' defence and is found by Sarr, but his square ball towards Werner is cut out by Kabore on the edge of the box.
Two more changes coming for the hosts, with Sarr replaced in that free-ranging midfield role by Lo Celso.
Bentancur is also on for Spurs to sit alongside Bissouma, but will withdrawing Maddison for the Uruguayan pay dividends for Postecoglou?
CHANCE!!! Bentancur's first-time cross into the Luton box is really threatening, with both Son and Werner attacking it. The latter heads back across the face, but no-one can make much of it and Johnson fails to win the corner!!
OVER!!! Bentancur finds Johnson running in behind Doughty, and the Spurs winger stands up his Luton counterpart before teeing up Porro. The full-back arrives onto the ball and shoots first-time, but is leaning back as he does so and puts it over the bar!!
Clark drifts over from right to left and plays a one-two with Chong before crossing, but the offside flag is raised to penalise him just as Vicario collects the aerial ball.
Chong has pulled up with an injury and is withdrawn having put the Hatters 1-0 up just three minutes into this game, with Onyedinma on in midfield to help see out a vital point (or three) in the last quarter of an hour.
Tottenham full-back Porro has had the most shots (37) and accumulated the highest xG (2.2) of any player yet to score in the Premier League this season, and has unsuccessfully added 0.11 to that total with two wayward attempts in this game!
OFF THE LINE!!! Spurs were centimetres away from taking the lead there!!! Dragusin drives forward up the left flank and links up with Werner, who plays a one-two with Bentancur. The Uruguayan's cutback is struck goalwards by Johnson from close range, but the shot hits Kaminski's left arm and rolls along the goal-line before being hacked clear by Doughty!
OVER!!! The hosts win a free-kick on the left-hand side of the box, and Porro steps up to strike it. He's got crossing options aplenty, but chooses to shoot and curls a well-struck effort just over the top!
SAVED!!! Spurs set sail on another fast break and Lo Celso finds Werner in space to the left. He takes on Kabore and shoots from a tight angle, but the low strike is saved and held by Kaminski!
Doughty is the next Luton player to go down injured and can't carry on, just minutes after clearing a goalbound Tottenham effort off the line. Woodrow replaces him, and the introduction of a striker suggests that the Hatters are really going for the win here!!
36 per cent of Luton’s points in the Premier League this season have come from goals in the final 10 minutes (eight of 22), more than any other side. Indeed, only Liverpool (17) and Arsenal (14) have more goals in that period in 2023-24 than the Hatters' 12. Could it be another one of those days?
Speaking of bringing on strikers, Richarlison emerges from the Spurs bench too, replacing Bissouma as both sides prepare for an all-out attacking battle in the final five minutes!
GOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL!!!!! Son sends Spurs in front!!! Another Luton corner leads to another counter-attack from the hosts, and Son releases Werner down the left flank. His low cross back into the middle is controlled by Johnson, who lays the ball off for the Tottenham captain to smash home a decisive, if deflected, strike!! The touch off Hashioka gave Kaminski no chance, and with barely four minutes left on the clock, Spurs go in front for the very first time to lead this game 2-1!!
Johnson's awareness there to tee up his captain rather than go for goal himself was so, so impressive, and the Welshman has certainly gotten over his nation's Euro 2024 qualifying disappointment with two massive contributions in this game!
Yellow Card Yves Bissouma
He's scored what could well be the winner, and now he's off to the embrace of his crowd and manager. Son is withdrawn late and Hojbjerg enters the fray for Spurs, with the only goal now being to make sure this 2-1 advantage stays the course.
Townsend snatches at a 25-yard shot against his former club which Romero gets in the way of, and Kabore's cross on the follow-up is a poor one, sailing behind and into the side netting!
Mengi bundles Lo Celso over on the halfway line and kicks the ball away to prevent a quick free-kick being taken. If the first offence wasn't card-worthy, the second certainly was, and the Luton defender goes into the book late on.
We're into NINE additional minutes at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, and with Luton now chasing the game, there's no better thing to say than hold on to your hats!
Bentancur's clever flick allows an advanced Hojbjerg to play Werner into the box, but the forward's shot from a tight angle is flashed behind for a goal-kick!
CHANCE!!! Mengi's awful clearance ricochets off Lo Celso and bounces straight into the path of Richarlison. He goes down in the box having appeared to be fouled by the defender, but Mengi - already on a yellow card - gets away with it!
Hojbjerg cynically shunts Barkley to ground as the Luton midfielder carries possession out of defence, and the Spurs substitute is shown a late yellow card for the challenge.
Lo Celso loses out to Clark in the centre circle and shoves his opposite number over as the pair contest a loose ball. The cards are starting to stack up for Tottenham, with the Argentine their latest player to go into the book.
CHANCE!!! Townsend's clever reverse pass finds Kabore on a continuing run down the right, but the full-back's cross into a crowded Spurs box can't be turned home as both Clark and Mpanzu are closed down and dispossessed!
FULL-TIME: TOTTENHAM 2-1 LUTON TOWN.
It's all over in north London, as Spurs come back from 1-0 down to defeat Luton late on, thanks to a timely strike from their captain Son! Despite Luton pressing for an early goal to match Chong's strike in the first half, it was Spurs who got themselves level just six minutes into the second period. Vicario saved Barkley's shot at one end, and within seconds, Johnson's enticing cross from the right was unfortunately turned into his own net by Kabore! Spurs continued to press for a winner through Son, Werner, Porro and Johnson, while Clark went closest for Luton at the other end. All would be denied by Kaminski and Vicario in the respective nets, until the hosts rallied with just four minutes left on the clock. Werner's cross was steered into Son's path by Johnson, and the Tottenham captain smashed home the winner to spark pandemonium in the stands! The hosts held on to secure a 2-1 victory which returns them to the winners' circle, while Luton's wait for three points in the Premier League extends beyond the two-month mark. Spurs are back in fourth – for now – while Luton's late defeat sees them drop back into the relegation zone as the final home straight of the season continues.
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of this Premier League fixture between Bournemouth and Crystal Palace.
Bournemouth will enter the game at the Vitality Stadium full of confidence as they look to extend their unbeaten run to five games. The Cherries will be confident of their Premier League status following their 2-1 win at the weekend against relegation candidates Everton. And having won the reverse fixture 2-0 at Selhurst Park, Andoni Iraola will be looking to lead his Bournemouth side to a league double over the Eagles.
Crystal Palace are in contrasting form to their hosts as they are winless in their last three games. Oliver Glasner seemingly had an immediate impact when he joined the club in late February, guiding the Eagles to a 3-0 victory over Burnley in his first match, but the Austrian has failed to win with the London club and will be hoping their fortunes change tonight with a victory over Bournemouth before they face Manchester City and Liverpool in their next two fixtures after tonight.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Dango Ouattara, Lloyd Kelly, Illia Zabarnyi, Adam Smith; Lewis Cook, Philip Billing, Ryan Christie, Alex Scott, Marcus Tavernier; Dominic Solanke
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Milos Kerkez, Romain Faivre, Tyler Adams, Justin Kluivert, James Hill, Enes Ünal, Max Aarons, Mark Travers, Antoine Semenyo
CRYSTAL PALACE (4-3-3): Dean Henderson; Tyrick Mitchell, Joachim Andersen, Joel Ward, Daniel Muñoz; Adam Wharton, Jefferson Lerma, Will Hughes; Jordan Ayew, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Eberechi Eze
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: James Tomkins, Jeffrey Schlupp, Nathaniel Clyne, Odsonne Edouard, Naouirou Ahamada, Remi Matthews, David Ozoh, Franco Umeh-Chibueze, Roshaun Mathurin
Bournemouth will again be without the services of Ryan Fredericks, Luis Sinisterra and Marcos Senesi for the contest due to injury problems, while Ryan Christie remains unavailable due to a knock. The Cherries did not pick up any fresh fitness issues against Everton. But there is change at left-back, as Lloyd Kelly provided the assist for Solanke to make the breakthrough on Saturday, has now come into the side.
As for Palace, Sam Johnstone, Cheick Doucoure, Rob Holding, Marc Guehi, Matheus Franca and Jesurun Rak-Sakyi will again be on the sidelines through injury, while the match has come too soon for Michael Olise, but the attacker is close to making his return. Joel Ward is making his 300th appearance for Crystal Palace in the Premier Leaue this evening and will provide that valuable experience beside the excellent Adam Wharton, a player that has excelled since coming into the side from Blackburn Rovers in January, and he will again feature in the middle of the park.
The teams are lined out on the pitch and the game will soon get underway. This promises to be an entertaining affair.
KICK-OFF! Crystal Palace get the game underway here at the Vitality Stadium.
An early chance to get the ball into a dangerous area with a free-kick for Crystal Palace. Eze swung the ball into the box but it was easily cleared by Bournemouth. Danger cleared.
The game has been slow to get underway, and this has not been helped by the stoppage in play for Dango to get treatment on the sideline from the Bournemouth physios.
Neither side has been able to control possession in any meaningful way so far, with the match resembling a game of hot potato in these early minutes.
The Cherries swing in the corner but after it is knocked about without any real threat in the box the ball finds its way harmlessly into the arms of Henderson.
Both sides are looking to press and win the ball back whenever they can. This is hampering the two sides building up their control of the ball and the chances they have to create opportunities. Both sides are looking to ensure their opponent has no time to think on the ball and select the correct option.
Silly foul by Smith on Eze as the Bournemouth press looked to win the ball high up the pitch with the midfielder running down a blind alley.
Fantastic play down the wing by in-form striker Solanke. You can tell he is a man confident in his ability at the moment as he used his pace to burst down the wing and skip past the Palace defence before looking to play in his team-mate but the move broke down with good defending from the visitors. Solanke looks in the mood to add to his 16 Premier League goals this season tonight.
Bournemouth are starting to dictate proceedings and are looking the more dangerous of the two sides. Limiting Palace to counter attacks. The Cherries have just failed on their final pass but they feel a chance to take the lead is coming.
Worrying for Palace as Eze is down getting treatment. Maybe it is due to the Palace fans belting out 'Eze's on fire' or the injury was just a tactical relief of pressure. But he looks fit to continue.
A fiercely contested game to this point in the middle third of the pitch but nothing in the way of chances so far. Only one attempt in the whole game to this point. A blocked down Christie shot that was then cleared from the edge of the box by Palace. Once either side finds their edge in the final third a goal will soon follow.
Hughes is key to the transitional play and keeping the momentum in the Palace team as he has made 23 passes so far, with 17 of them finding their target. More than any other player for the visitors.
Hughes once key to Palace. As his pressure won the ball on the edge of the Bournemouth penalty area. He nicked the ball away from Scott, with the ball falling the way of Eze. He moved it swiftly to Mateta. But the striker could not add the finish to open the scoring as Neto saved. Great pressing.
The match has truly come to life now. This time a missed opportunity from Biling. The midfielder flashed his effort wide across the face of goal. After collecting the ball on the halfway line he drove to the opposition box before playing a one-two with Dango. And he swiftly fired towards goal but Palace will be thankful he could not find the net with his effort.
The Palace fans have not let up in the noise they have created for their the travelling team. And at times their small pocket of support are over powering the noise of the home support.
Excellent defending from Zabarnyi. The Ukranian defender got his body across Eze on the six-yard box to deny the Eagles player a chance at goal with the ball rolling to the grateful hands of Neto. Cook will be the most thankful player though as it was he that lost the ball under pressure on the edge of the penalty area to Eze to present the chance to Palace. But they got away with that one.
Andersen going into the book for a foul midway in his half.
WHAT A SAVE! Henderson keeps the game level. Biling will be wondering how he did not give Bournemouth the lead. The midfielder rose highest to connect perfectly with the cross from Smith, but his effort was tipped over by Henderson for a croner. Bournemouth are looking likely to go ahead.
SO CLOSE! Kelly puts his header centimetres wide of the post from the corner. The left back connected with the cross from the corner but he could not control it into the net and it went just wide. Palace are living on the edge with the Cherries seemingly determined to enter the break in the lead.
Andersen with another foul. He will need to be careful. He is already in a yellow.
A clumsy foul on the edge of the penalty area by Mateta on Scott. A very dangerous position for the free-kick.
Andersen is getting a stern talking to for something he did off the ball that the referee did not like. The centre back has been given what looks like his final warning.
Biling drove the ball straight into the wall. Wasted chance just before the interval. And as the ball made its way to Christie out wide his ball back into the box was poor and straight into the arms of Henderson.
Eze thought he had given Palace the lead against the run of play. The ball was played up to Mateta. The striker held the ball up on the edge of the penalty area before playing it wide to Ayew. The ball was played across the box to Eze after poor defending failed to clear the ball. A great finish followed to give the Eagles the lead. But in the build-up Mateta was offside as he collected the ball forward. Meaning the goal was ruled out for offside and it remains level.
HALF-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 0-0 CRYSTAL PALACE
A thoroughly entertaining 0-0 to this point despite the majority of the half seeing no chances. But as we moved past the half hour mark the game came to life as first Mateta squandered a glorious chance following excellent pressing by Hughes on the edge of the area, only for the French striker to fire at Neto. Moments later, Biling flashed the ball across the Palace net. Biling once again had the opportunity to give the lead to Bournemouth as he connected superbly with a Smith cross, but the fantastic reflexes of Henderson denied him giving the Cherries the lead. From the resultant corner Kelly should have given Iraola's side the lead but he sent it narrowly wide. But against the run of play Palace thought they had gone into the half time break leading from an Eze strike but it was ruled out by an offside in the build up from Mateta. Everything is pointing to a Bournemouth win, as the south coast side have created more chances and better chances as displayed in their xG of 0.6 compared to Palace's xG of 0.1. The game has been a fascinating contest and the possession has not demonstrated the dominance of the home side as they have managed only 53 per cent of the ball compared to Palace's 47 per cent. But as the game started to come to life the half time whistle went.
Palace need to keep their defensive effort up as they have limited Bournemouth quite well apart from the two balls into the box from wide. Should they prevent the ball being swung into the box they could leave the Vitality with a result as the hosts seem unable to deal with the counter attacking ability of the Eagles, demonstrated in their offside goal. This second half should be an intriguing tactical battle, but a thoroughly enjoyable one.
Scott has been replaced by Semenyo at half time.
KICK-OFF! Bournemouth get us back underway.
Palace have come out with intent this second half, building on the ending to their first half.
The opening five minutes of the second half has been all Palace so far. Bournemouth are struggling to get out of their half. A complete contrast to the first half performance from both sides.
Bournemouth swing in a free-kick from wide. The ball in is wicked but Palace deal with the ball, before a poor touch from Semenyo relieves the pressure on the Eagles.
The early second half pressure from Crystal Palace has briefly died down as Bournemouth have started to wrestle back control of possession.
The Palace faithful are making it known this attacking style is more of the type of football they expect to see as the visitors continue to search for the opening goal of the game.
Hughes goes into the referee's notebook for a cynical foul.
Wharton has been fantastic once again for Palace. The young midfielder so far has a passing accuracy of 90.3 per cent, as 28 of his 31 passes have been successful. And he has been great defensively winning the ball back with two interceptions and one tackle.
Tavernier with a cynical foul on Ayew denying a counter attack for Palace.
 Dango has been replaced by Kerkez.
 Billing has been replaced by Kluivert as Bournemouth look to find the opener.
A long range effort from Kerkez tested Henderson due to the ball skidding along the surface. The goalkeeper parried the ball into the onrushing Solanke, but the striker could not find the finish. Henderson can count himself lucky for not dealing with the first effort correctly.
Semenyo booked for a mistimed tackle.
Palace win their first corner of the game. Conversely Bournemouth have won five corners to this point of the tie.
Hughes has been replaced by Ozoh
Ayew has been replaced by the lively Schlupp
Despite a much stronger showing in this second half from the visitors they have yet to have an attempt at the Bournemouth goal in this half.
Both sides are lacking that final third quality to get that opening goal. As demonstrated by both sides failing to make simple passes as they moved forward in quick succession.
Ward showing all the experience a player that has made 300 Premier League appearances. He stopped Kluivert from launching a counter attack with a superb tackle, which then launched a Palace attack.
GOAL! Bournemouth get their reward for their dominance as they lead 1-0. Kluivert blasted the ball home after it was excellently squared from wide by Semenyo. The winger demonstrated his pace as he ran onto a ball behind the Palace defence before playing the ball to the penalty spot to Kluivert, and the Dutchman applied the finish for the Cherries, while getting his fifth Premier League goal of the season.
Semenyo ran onto a ball over the top. The rapid winger ran past Mitchel to get on the ball before passing it to Kluivert on the penalty spot. The Dutchman took one touch before firing the ball past Neto.
Bournemouth are really increasing the pressure on Palace as they try and finish the game and put it beyond Palace's reach. They sense weakness in the Eagles now they have taken the lead. Forcing Henderson to make a save to keep the ball out of the net and keep Palace in the contest.
Wharton has been replaced by Edouard as they go in search of an equaliser.
Calls for a Penalty! The Eagles are protesting for a spot kick. As Schlupp went to strike the ball but was kicked by the Bournemouth defender. The player went down and the Eagle's players are asking the referee to point to the spot. VAR checked the incident, but it was determined the referee's on field decision was correct.
Solanke has been replaced by Unal and the English striker will not add to his tally of 16 Premier League goals.
Smith has been replaced by  Aarons.
Eze went down under another challenge in the Bournemouth box, and once again the Eagle's players were calling for a penalty. But nothing was given again.
Henderson with a fantastic save to keep the visitors in the tie. Kluivert cut inside onto his right foot near the edge of penalty area and struck towards goal. But he was not able to double his tally or the lead.
Yellow Card Lloyd Casius Kelly
Palace are throwing everything at the Bournemouth goal as the time edges closer to the final whistle.
Semenyo has been phenomenal since his introduction at half time. And his toying of the Palace defence while holding possession in the corner of the pitch demonstrated this, the winger was the game changer having earned the assist for the goal.
FULL-TIME! Bournemouth 1-0 CRYSTAL PALACE
Bournemouth ran out 1-0 winners over Crystal Palace in this Premier League tie. Kluivert’s winning strike stretches their unbeaten run to five games, while it condemned Palace to their fourth game without a win. Iraola’s side took control of proceedings midway through the first half. The Cherries should have entered the break in the lead but for a superb Henderson save from a Biling header and Kelly failing to get his header in target. While only for Mateta being in an offside position in the build up to an Eze goal on the stroke of half time Palace would have entered the interval in front against the run of play. Both sides struggled to create chances in the second half before the deadlock was broken in the 79th minute by a Kluivert strike. Semenyo proved to be the difference as he was a dangerous weapon utilised expertly in the Bournemouth attack, getting the assist for the goal. Bournemouth truly deserved their victory as they limited Palace to only three attempts all game, the lowest they have had in the Premier League all season, while they had 11 attempts. And this dominance was also felt in the xG of Bournemouth as they had an xG of 1.22 compared to the Eagle’s xG of 0.11. Palace now have a tricky fixture against Manchester City next while Bournemouth will look to continue their impressive form against Luton Town.
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this fixture in the Premier League, as Arsenal host Luton Town at the Emirates in a crucial match at both ends of the table.
Sat second in the table and just two points behind leaders Liverpool with a better goal difference, Arsenal have a golden chance to claim top spot with a win in this match. Their 0-0 draw with Manchester City, who pipped them to the title in the closing weeks of last season, saw the Gunners’ streak of eight straight victories come to an end, so Mikel Arteta will be keen for his team to return to the winners' circle as soon as possible.
Luton surrendered an early 1-0 lead to lose 2-1 late on at Arsenal’s north London rivals Tottenham last time out, making it nine games without a victory for Rob Edwards’ side. The Hatters did push Arsenal all the way in the reverse fixture though, eventually losing one of the games of the season 4-3 to a 97th-minute Declan Rice winner at Kenilworth Road, and will be hoping to go at least one better this time around as they fight for their lives in 18th place.
ARSENAL (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Martin Odegaard, Thomas Partey, Emile Smith Rowe; Reiss Nelson, Kai Havertz, Leandro Trossard.
ARSENAL SUBS: Aaron Ramsdale, Gabriel Jesus, Gabriel Martinelli, Eddie Nketiah, Jakub Kiwior, Takehiro Tomiyasu, Jorginho, Fabio Vieira, Declan Rice.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-2-1): Thomas Kaminski; Daiki Hashioka, Teden Mengi, Issa Kabore; Andros Townsend, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu, Ross Barkley, Alfie Doughty; Fred Onyedinma, Jordan Clark; Carlton Morris.
LUTON TOWN SUBS: James Shea, Tim Krul, Luke Berry, Cauley Woodrow, Tahith Chong, Joe Johnson, Christian Chigozie, Zack Nelson, Axel Piesold.
Arsenal make a whopping five changes from their stalemate at the Etihad, with Thomas Partey making his first start since August, and Reiss Nelson making his first in the Premier League since 2020! Oleksandr Zinchenko, Emile Smith Rowe and Leandro Trossard make up a new-look left side, with Kiwior, Rice, Jorginho and Jesus on the bench with Bukayo Saka absent from the squad completely.
Injury-hit Luton also make several changes from their late loss at Spurs, with Jordan Clark, Daiki Hashioka and Fred Onyedinma all coming into the starting XI. Wing-back Alfie Doughty is passed fit to start, but Tahith Chong, who scored just three minutes in at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, is only fit enough for the bench – where he’s joined by 16-year-old Hatters academy product Christian Chigozie.
The teams line up in the tunnel ready to head out onto the Emirates pitch, and we'll be underway in just a few moments' time!
Luton will kick us off through Clark, and the Hatters midfielder gets this game underway in north London!
Arsenal are straight onto the attack as Havertz looks to play Trossard in behind the defence, but his pass is overhit and rolls behind for a goal-kick.
Following their 4-3 win at Kenilworth Road in December, Arsenal are looking to complete their first league double over Luton since the 1983-84 campaign.
Partey floats a threatening ball over the top towards Havertz, but Hashioka gets goal-side of the Arsenal forward and scythes it away from danger.
Arsenal have made five starting XI changes from their 0-0 draw with Man City last time out - their most from one Premier League fixture to another since September 2021's seven against Norwich City.
Havertz's snap-shot from the edge of the box is blocked by Luton, but Arsenal recycle possession and it comes out to White. He stands up a cross from the right, which Kaminski tips over the crossbar to give the hosts a corner!
BLOCKED!!! Arsenal's corner is played short via Odegaard and Trossard towards Zinchenko, who lines up a powerful first-time shot from 20 yards which Doughty gets in the way of!!
Nelson's inside ball to White is back-heeled into the path of Odegaard in the box, but Kabore steps in with a vital interception and wins a free-kick after being fouled by the Arsenal captain!
Arsenal are unbeaten in their last 38 Premier League home games against promoted sides, winning 33 including each of the last nine. The only promoted sides to win away at the Gunners in their first ever season in the competition are Blackburn Rovers (1992-93), West Ham United (1993-94) and Hull City (2008-09).
Havertz, Trossard and Smith Rowe all link up in the Luton box, but no-one can get a clean shot away and Mengi steps in to hammer the ball clear!
CHANCE!!! Odegaard threads a superb ball forward for Havertz on the edge of the box, but he's crowded out from playing in Smith Rowe as five Luton defenders swarm around the pair!
Arsenal have won nine of their last 10 Premier League home games (L1), winning the last four in a row by an aggregate score of 14-3. They’ve also won 5-0 twice at the Emirates this season, against Sheffield United and Crystal Palace, last winning three home games by at least five goals in 2000-01.
A fantastic cross-field pass from Barkley opens up space for Doughty down the left, but his whipped cross into the area hits Clark on the back and bounces behind for an Arsenal goal-kick!
BLOCKED!!! Trossard wins possession on halfway and drives forward before turning and crossing from the left side of Luton's box. A header away falls for Smith Rowe on the half-volley, but his strike hits Mengi and Kabore before being collected by Kaminski!
Trossard beats Onyedinma around the outside and hooks a cross back into the middle, but Havertz can't quite climb high enough and Luton clear the loose ball away!
GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!! The Gunners strike first and take a deserved lead!! Smith Rowe dispossesses Mpanzu in the middle to find Odegaard and Havertz ahead of him, and the latter feeds his captain to drill a first-time finish into the bottom-left corner!!! 1-0 to the Arsenal, and it's certainly been coming in the opening 24 minutes.
The perfect weight of pass from Havertz, allowing Odegaard to run onto the ball and smash it first-time beyond Kaminski!
Arsenal have now scored 32 first-half goals in 30 games in 2023-24, more than any other team in the Premier League, with Odegaard netting his seventh goal of the season and fourth opener in the process!
CHANCE!! Townsend cuts inside and fires a threatening ball across the face of goal, which Morris is just inches away from flicking goalwards before Raya gathers it for the hosts!!
Arsenal's Havertz now has been directly involved in 12 Premier League goals this season (eight goals and four assists), his outright most in a single campaign.
Townsend floats another cross in from the right which is met by Clark at the far post, but the Hatters midfielder can't direct his headed effort on target and it flashes well wide of the upright.
18th-placed Luton have scored in each of their last 18 Premier League games, the longest ongoing scoring streak in the competition! However, they’ve gone on to win just four of these 18 matches, failing to do so in their last nine.
SAVED!!! With Hashioka down in back-play, Arsenal continue forwards as Partey and Odegaard combine to play in Smith Rowe. Kaminski makes a fantastic stop from point-blank range though, and Luton eventually scramble the ball clear!
Hashioka remains down having been caught late by Saliba, but the Arsenal defender won the ball and therefore doesn't concede the free-kick Luton are after!
With nine goals and four assists, Arsenal captain Martin Odegaard has now been involved in 13 goals across his last 12 Premier League appearances against promoted sides.
With just over five minutes to go until half-time, Arsenal have maintained a cool 62.9 per cent of the ball, firing off nine shots to Luton's one in a dominant first 45.
Barkley leads a counter-attack for Luton and plays Onyedinma in behind Gabriel, but Arsenal's Brazilian defender shields the ball well and allows Raya to come and collect it.
SAVED!!! White comes forward and stays forward too, turning his way out of two challenges before feeding Havertz to his left. He shoots low from a tight angle, but Kaminski's down at his near post to make another save!
BLOCKED!!! Arsenal's corner is played short and comes to Partey via a deflection in the box, but Doughty recovers brilliantly to knock the ball behind and deny the Ghanaian a close-range shot!
GOOOOOAAALLL!! Arsenal double their lead in fortunate circumstances!!! Trossard is played into space down the byline by Zinchenko's pass and cuts the ball back across the face of goal. Nelson's arriving, but the final touch is off Hashioka and a second own goal in as many games from Luton gives the Gunners a 2-0 advantage!
We'll play four additional minutes in the first half, with Arsenal now having a comfortable two-goal lead going into the break.
Luton have now conceded 38 away goals in the Premier League, more than any other side this season, and are one of only two sides without a clean sheet on the road this term (along with Sheffield United).
Partey cuts out a poor Luton clearance and tries to find Havertz in the box, but Kabore's timely intervention sends the ball looping up and into the gloves of Kaminski.
SAVED!!! Luton win a late free-kick on the edge of Arsenal's box after Clark is clipped late by Saliba, but Barkley's strike from 25 yards sails straight into Raya's grasp!
HALF-TIME: ARSENAL 2-0 LUTON TOWN.
The half-time whistle brings an end to a dominant opening 45 minutes from Arsenal, who looked likely to score from the very first minute. Zinchenko and Smith Rowe both had early half-chances blocked by the desperate Luton defence, but the visitors were powerless to stop Arsenal cutting through them on 24 minutes. Smith Rowe won the ball, and Havertz played in Odegaard for a sumptuous first-time finish into the bottom corner, and the Gunners haven't looked back since. Smith Rowe and Havertz both forced close-range saves from Kaminski as Arsenal turned the screw, eventually getting their second goal via Hashioka deflecting Trossard's cutback into his own net. Luton's only attempt on target at the other end saw Barkley send a free-kick straight to Raya, and the Hatters have a sizeable task to stand any chance of getting back into this game.
He steered home the opener with a sensational first-time finish, and Arsenal captain Odegaard has been at the centre of everything for the Gunners thus far. Three efforts on goal and seven touches in the box for the Norwegian, who also has also laid on two chances from 14 final-third passes and turn over possession on two occasions. Leader.
We're back for the second half at the Emirates, which Odegaard gets underway for the hosts Arsenal.
Arsenal are unbeaten in their last 38 Premier League matches when ahead at half-time, dating back to new year's day 2022 against Manchester City!
Both goalkeepers have seen plenty of the ball in the opening five minutes of the second half, though neither has had a save to make as each team tries to play their way forward from the back!
Smith Rowe turns away from his marker and looks to play Trossard into the six-yard box, but Onyedinma gets goal-side of the Belgian and wins a free-kick after turning over possession.
Tahith Chong comes on in Luton's first change of the match, slotting into the midfield role of Mpanzu for the Hatters.
Despite their 18-game scoring streak, Luton have failed to score a first-half goal in 20 of their 31 Premier League games, with only Everton (21) and Sheffield United (22) drawing more blanks in the opening 45 minutes this season.
Odegaard dispossesses Chong in midfield and strides forward looking to play in Nelson to his right, but the Luton substitute tracks back to cut the pass out on the edge of his own box!
Smith Rowe's pass through the lines opens up space for Havertz to tee up Odegaard with the return ball, but the Gunners' captain can't turn away from Hashioka and loses it before he can pull the trigger!!
A late challenge from Odegaard on Clark gifts Luton a free-kick 30 yards from goal, however Doughty's eventual cross to the back post is glanced away from danger by Gabriel!!
SAVED!!! Clark finds Onyedinma in the box, who drills a low ball across the face of goal, but Raya sees it all the way through the crowd and makes a comfortable stop!!
Luton have conceded at least twice in their last 11 away league games against Arsenal, losing the last 10 in a row and winning none of those 11. Although, this is their first visit to the Gunners since a 2-0 loss all the way back in August 1991.
Havertz looks to have been caught by Clark as he hits the deck for Arsenal, but the referee spots that there was no contact whatsoever and books the German for diving!
Partey also comes off having made his first Premier League start since August, and Declan Rice, who netted a late, late winner for the Gunners at Kenilworth Road, slots into his deep-lying midfield role.
Picking up that needless booking is Havertz's last contribution in this game, as Eddie Nketiah comes off the bench to take his place up front.
A great ball from Chong splits Arsenal's right-side defence as Doughty latches onto it. He stands up a first-time cross to the back post, but no-one in black can get on the end of it and Raya regathers possession for the hosts!
Another good, wide ball by Chong puts Onyedinma into acres of space down the right, but Gabriel gets in the way of his low cross and blocks it away from the danger area!
Onyedinma drives up the right-hand side once more and drills another cross in from the byline, but Trossard's back on defence for Arsenal and blocks the ball behind for a corner!
Nelson looks to break away on the counter as Arsenal clear the Luton corner, and the aggressor Onyedinma picks up a yellow card for the foul.
Two more changes coming for Arsenal as we approach the last 15 minutes, with Zinchenko replaced at left-back by Takehiro Tomiyasu.
Gabriel Martinelli also comes on for the Gunners out wide, replacing Nelson as his rare Premier League start comes to a close.
Booked midfielder Onyedinma is also withdrawn by Rob Edwards, with Cauley Woodrow coming on in his place for Luton in the final quarter of an hour here.
Only Mathieu Flamini (5 years, 162 days) and Sol Campbell (3 years, 296 days) have ever had longer gaps between Premier League starts for Arsenal than Nelson, who was making his first appearance in a top-flight XI for the Gunners since July 2020 against Liverpool - three years and 263 days ago.
Under pressure from Martinelli, Doughty hooks a high back-pass towards Kaminski, who just about manages to head the ball away from his box as the Brazilian closes in!
WIDE!!! Arsenal turn possession over on halfway and stream forward on the counter-attack through Nketiah. He has Trossard and Tomiyasu to his right, with the latter curling a low-right footed shot around the outside of the far post!!
Townsend is next off in Luton's latest change, with utility player Luke Berry coming on in his place.
Odegaard and White combine to put Nketiah into shooting space, but a loose touch from the substitute denies him a chance as the ball rolls behind for a goal-kick!
Arsenal have won all five of their league games against promoted sides this season, netting at least three goals each time with 23 in total! Will they keep up that impressive record with a late third against Luton here?
Smith Rowe has been one of Arsenal's best in the middle of the park, and Jorginho enters the fray late for the Gunners number 10.
BLOCKED!! Doughty bursts down the left-hand side and dinks a cross back from the byline. It's over the heads of everyone, but an arriving Hashioka meets the ball with a half-volley that Gabriel does very well to block!
SAVED!!! Kaminski's rushed clearance is cut straight out by Jorginho, who has Nketiah ahead of him. The striker cuts onto his right foot and drills a low shot towards the near post, which Kaminski gets down to and parries behind for a corner!!
Four additional minutes to play at the Emirates, as Arsenal close in on three more points and top spot in the Premier League.
Hashioka tries a lofted ball forward up the middle to Berry, but his flick-on troubles no-one and is easy for Raya to collect.
Kabore looks to get on the end of Doughty's cross into the area, but goes down following a body-check from Trossard which, to Luton's frustration, doesn't yield a penalty call from the referee!
FULL-TIME: ARSENAL 2-0 LUTON TOWN.
That’s full-time, and Arsenal see out a comfortable 2-0 victory over Luton to take them back to the summit of the Premier League! Already two goals to the good following a one-sided first half, the Gunners were happy to take things down a notch for much of the second period. They still had chances though, with Tomiyasu putting a shot wide and Nketiah's late effort producing a fingertip save from Kaminski. It was Luton who pressed harder to find the net at the other end, going close through Onyedinma and Hashioka, but were never really able to test Raya between the Arsenal sticks. As a result, the Hatters' league-leading scoring streak comes to an end and the defeat leaves them three points adrift of safety in the fight for survival, while Arsenal march on to go top of the pile, two points ahead of Liverpool with this season's three-way title fight looking set to go down to the wire.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of Brentford v Brighton & Hove Albion.
Brentford managed to rescue a last-gasp point against Manchester United at the weekend but are far from secure at 15th in the league, sitting just five points above the drop zone as it stands. They had 31 shots, a whopping 84 touches in the opposition box and an xG of 3.29 in that game but only scored the one goal – can Toney, who has scored three in his last two games against Brighton, change that? The Bees have won just one of their five Premier League games against Brighton, though it was a 2-0 win in this exact fixture last season so they’ll be looking to replicate that performance tonight.
Brighton aren’t exactly in the best form either: they’ve won just three of their last 17 away games against Brentford and one of their last 10 on the road – but a win tonight would see them back in the European places. In positive news for Brentford, their opposition tonight are winless in all six of their Premier League trips to London sides this season and have failed to score in half of those visits. The Seagulls are currently ninth, three points behind seventh-placed West Ham.
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Mark Flekken; Zanka, Kristoffer Ajer, Nathan Collins; Mads Roerslev, Mathias Jensen, Vitaly Janelt, Yehor Yarmoliuk, Keane Lewis-Potter; Ivan Toney, Yoane Wissa.
BRENTFORD SUBS: Thomas Strakosha, Neal Maupay, Sergio Reguilon, Saman Ghoddos, Frank Onyeka, Bryan Mbeumo, Mikeel Damsgaard, Shandon Baptiste, Kim Ji-Soo.
BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION (4-2-3-1): Bart Verbruggen; Joel Veltman, Jan Paul van Hecke, Lewis Dunk, Igor Julio; Pascal Gross, Carlos Baleba; Adam Lallana, Facundo Buonanotte, Simon Adingra; Joao Pedro.
BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION SUBS: Jason Steele, Tariq Lamptey, Julio Enciso, Jakub Moder, Danny Welbeck, Pervis Estupinan, Odeluga Offiah, Cameron Peupion, Mark O'Mahony.
After Saturday’s impressive performance in their 1-1 draw against Manchester United, Thomas Frank names an unchanged Brentford squad. It means Bryan Mbeumo is still waiting for his first start since December, when he sustained an ankle injury in the reverse fixture against Brighton. Sergio Reguilon is also on the bench after serving a ban.
Roberto de Zerbi makes four changes to the Brighton line-up which started their 2-1 defeat to Liverpool on Easter Sunday. Incidentally, that makes 114 line-up changes over this whole season, more than any other side. Top scorer Joao Pedro returns from injury, while Igor Julio, Facundo Buonanotte and Adam Lallana also come in. Julio Enciso is also back from an injury and makes the bench, as do Tariq Lamptey, Jakub Moder, Danny Welbeck and Pervis Estupinan.
The teams are out on the pitch and we’ll be underway shortly!
KICK-OFF: BRENTFORD V BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION. We've had a rousing rendition of Hey Jude and now Brighton get us underway.
Brighton with an early spell of possession. Buonanotte tries to break but Collins repossesses the ball quickly.
A fairly low-key start to this one. Ajer makes a sliding tackle on a Brighton advance down the left-hand side to avert any potential danger.
Joao Pedro tries to dink the ball between a couple of defenders but ends up on the turf. Brighton are probing now, their pace and fluidity causing Brentford a couple of problems so far.
Gross volleys in to Joao Pedro from the left but the Brazilian is caught awkwardly in between the Brentford defence and kicks it behind. Brentford have a goal kick.
HUGE chance for Brentford! With their first break of the game Jensen and Lewis-Potter drive forwards as the volume ratchets up. Lewis-Potter squares to Wissa but he hits the side-netting! Brighton were cut open at the back there and Brentford took full advantage.
Gross crosses to Veltman at the far post but his effort is fairly tame and it's an easy save for Flekken.
Brentford are showing their quality on the counter-attack here - Wissa, who has been a lively presence for them so far, tries to find some space for a run in Brighton's half but the Seagulls get bodies up the pitch and the danger is smothered.
Brentford have a free-kick in Brighton's half and Jensen knocks a very unadventurous pass square to Janelt, who launches a proper cross forward. It makes its way into the box eventually but there isn't really any zest in the Brentford attack so far, beyond that Wissa chance earlier.
Brentford have a free kick in their half, Flekken to take. It soars over all his teammates into the gloves of Verbruggen.
Gross makes a smart pass to Pedro near the Brentford penalty area but he can't keep it under pressure. Brighton are pushing forward again - Pedro wins it back down the right near the post and although Brentford defend it, the visitors keep coming. They've had 62 per cent of possession so far. Gross eventually decides to have a punt from range but it's way over the bar.
Adingra knocks a cross into the centre for Joao Pedro but the angle on his header is just too high and it's up and over the bar. The Brazilian has been a constant presence in the Brentford box so far on his first appearance since returning from injury.
Toney chests it down to Jensen but what looks like a potential push forward ends up back with the Brentford centre-backs.
Toney puts in a smart challenge to win a free-kick for the hosts, but somewhere in the buildup Janelt went down on the ground clutching his hamstring. Lewis-Potter is robbed down the far left sideline and not happy about it.
Brentford pushing forward now! Jensen drives down the left and ducks between the Brighton defence but Verburggen gets his fingertips to it! That's the first real action of the game for the visitors' keeper.
We're back camped in Brentford's penalty area. Adingra and Pedro are trying to make something work but the Bees defence are stubbornly clinging to them.
Toney cuts inside van Hecke but slightly loses his footing and is a bit too hasty, misfiring his shot straight at Verbruggen. Down the other end Joao Pedro sets up a brilliant chance, miles away from any defender, but doesn't get enough power on it and Flekken catches safely.
Buonanotte now has a go: he gets a clean touch on Lallana's pass from the left edge of the box but again fires it straight at Flekken. Both sides are finding a bit more space now but struggling to find that last bit of quality in the final third.
Van Hecke wins a corner for the visitors. Gross plays a short pass to Lallana, who fires into the box but there are no Brighton players in sight. Collins heads it clear but only as far as Buonanotte, who fires a cross acres wide of the far post. Not the best corner routine from Brighton.
Wissa hasn't had anything to show his efforts so far but you can't fault him for trying, trying to close down Dunk at the back, who doesn't panic, and just about keeping the ball in play but straight to Verbruggen. Now Wissa slides a cross in at a sharp angle to save the ball going behind but Toney can't get to it. Offside anyway.
Igor chucks in a cross but it deflects off Ajer for a Brighton corner. Flekken reaches out for a fingertip save under intense pressure from Pedro and has to scramble quickly to his feet with the ball still in play. The ball deflects off Collins for another Brighton corner.
Collins and Toney between them get that corner clear and back down the other end, but Brighton still have possession. Pedro gets the better of Ajer down the far sideline and drives forward but Flekken again isn't troubled by it.
Lallana drives forward and strikes a lovely ball towards goal but it's just wide of the post! Frustrating again for Brighton.
Baleba catches Jensen from behind and there's a brief pause in play for him to get off the turf. The camera pans to a pair of fans, one wearing a giant bee costume and the other a beekeeper outfit - no prizes for guessing who they support. Flekken takes a free kick in Brighton's half but Verbruggen gets to it without too much trouble.
One minute added on. Baleba takes a punt from the edge of the box and Flekken dives for it, just about getting his fingers to it. It might have been going wide anyway but he'll be disappointed to not close that down completely. The resulting Brighton corner ends with Adingra taking another speculative shot straight at the Bees keeper.
Oh, we have a VAR check - Dunk and Wissa both think they've been pushed in the box.
A pull-back in the box stops Dunk in his effort to win the header, by the looks of things. VAR check over: Dunk actually gets a telling off for shoving Wissa before that pull-back, so no penalty given. It would have been extremely harsh for the home side, that's for sure.
HALF-TIME: BRENTFORD 0-0 BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION.
Well, it hasn’t been the most dazzling half of football, that’s for sure. It’s goalless at the break, with Brighton dominating possession by 65 per cent to Brentford’s 35 per cent, but both sides have struggled for quality in front of goal. The hosts have the better xG, 0.45 compared to the Seagulls’ 0.28, and had the best chance through Wissa early on – but his counterattack could only reach the side-netting. Adingra and Pedro have threatened for Brighton, but overall this has been a fairly cagey half. The potential for late drama was quelled after Dunk was adjudged to have fouled Wissa before being fouled himself during a Brighton corner in injury time, annulling shouts for a penalty. Sigh of relief for Brentford at the whistle.
What's in store for us next? Hopefully both managers' half-time talks will make their players bring the fireworks in this next 45 minutes, and we'll see if that late penalty confusion fires up the visitors. Brighton have made 128 passes in the final third but only had three shots on target, while Brentford have only had 10 shots in the opposition box so far - they had 84 over the whole game against Manchester United at the weekend. More of THAT, please, and maybe some goals too.
KICK-OFF: BRENTFORD 0-0 BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION. Back underway at the Gtech Community Stadium.
Collins presses forward but Yarmolyuk is robbed at the back post. Wissa is then brought down in the box and there are instant shouts for a penalty! No dice. Brentford coming out strong here - but so do Brighton, as van Hecke and Igor both have a go down the other end.
Veltman fires over! A much more action-packed start to this half than the last, that's for sure.
Zanka and Pedro have a clash of heads trying to get the ball. No harm done, it appears. Toney tries to tee up Wissa in the centre but Dunk does very well to close it down; Lewis-Potter then has a go from range but Verbruggen collects easily.
Adingra makes a meal of a turn on the edge of the box and Roerslev robs him, but no Brentford player is nearby and Brighton regain possession. From the edge of the box Gross fires in a cross but it's a tame effort that Flekken easily gets his gloves to.
Buonanotte gets the game's first yellow for a sharp challenge that brings down Collins in a heap.
Igor and Adingra pass the ball between them, hovering on the far left approaching Brentford's box, as the Bees move further and further back towards their goal. Eventually Brentford clear it but - story of this game so far - Brighton snatch possession back.
Brentford are far too cautious when they do have the ball and rarely have bodies further up the pitch to receive their rare passes forward. Brighton again reclaim possession but Lallana's cross skies over the bar.
The home side have faded after that more lively start to this half, with order restored and Brighton well on top. Frank appears to be considering changes on the touchline.
Veltman takes a dreadful touch on a long pass from Baleba and allows himself to be dispossessed far too easily. To make matters worse he immediately concedes a free-kick by shoving over a Brentford shirt over.
Toney knocks it through for Wissa, who squares it back to the England international in a central position just yards from goal, but he gets in a tangle with Igor and is judged to have fouled him.
Damsgaard is indeed coming on, replacing Yarmolyuk.
Lallana is hooked for injury-hit Enciso, returning from a long spell out.
Much-missed striker Mbeumo is receiving instructions from Frank on the sideline - but no, Damsgaard looks to be the player coming on. A cross reaches Adingra on the left of Brentford's box but his long-range effort just skims the top of the bar!
Brilliant defending again from Dunk, who heads the ball clear from goal just yards out.
Brighton are having 75 per cent possession at the moment - will that substitution make a difference? No sign of Mbeumo now despite him having a chat with Frank a few minutes ago.
Brentford are pushing forward now, with Damsgaard crossing in from the right, and van Hecke just catches Janelt on the foot, bringing him down. Free-kick for Brentford in a strong position - Toney will fancy this one...
It's central and about 25 yards out, Toney gets some decent power on it but nowhere near enough precision. Over the wall and into the stands.
Damsgaard has been a positive influence for Brentford so far, now he wins them a corner. Ajer takes it but Baleba heads it back in the direction of the corner flag. Now Janelt chucks in a cross but Jensen kicks it tamely out for a goal kick.
Wissa has been industrious tonight but hasn't been able to make anything come of it. He is replaced by Mbeumo - will he provide the threat Brentford desperately need here?
More subs. Lewis-Potter comes off for Sergio Reguilon, back from a ban.
Brentford are caught out of position, Enciso cuts through and puts in a long-range effort - his first since coming on - but it drifts wide.
Subs for Brighton too: Buonanotte - on a yellow - is replaced by Welbeck.
Adingra is replaced by Lamptey.
Mbeumo - with almost his first touch of the game - tries to break the deadlock but is closed down in the box.
Janelt goes into the book.
Reguilon breaks and drives forward, Toney gets it to Damsgaard but there's no one pressing into the box. Every time Brentford win the ball there's no one making the run forward to receive it.
Now Veltman drives down the right for Brighton. Baleba and Igor take the pace out of the attack and that gives Brentford time to regroup, sinking deep once again. Igor spins a left-footed strike well clear of the goal.
Enciso gets some decent power on a shot, teed up by Gross, but it lands safely in Flekken's gloves. Mbeumo gets on a long ball from his own penalty area but under pressure from Lamptey it rolls out.
There's a short break in play while we watch one of Brighton's players put a boot back on. Jensen takes a throw-in towards the near post but it's knocked on and Brighton clear.
Brentford are trying to build towards something here - they did well to work that ball and Jensen takes another long throw-in. Dunk makes the vital stoppage again, heading the ball back to Verbruggen.
Jensen's throw-ins come to an end as he's replaced by Onyeka.
More subs: Veltman is hooked for Moder for Brighton.
Ajer makes a brilliant block to deny Welbeck! His high touch bounces off Ajer and that was a really crucial intervention - the clearest-cut chance of this half for either side.
Enciso dithers over a throw-in. Long ball from Verbruggen rolls limply away from everyone and Flekken hoofs it away. I can't really tell if either side are actually trying to win this.
Moder takes a touch at the edge of Brentford's box but it clatters off a Bees player. Toney and van Hecke then come down on top of each other in a tangle. A load of Brentford players get in the way of Welbeck, Lamptey and then Pedro in quick succession in the hosts' box and it's a Brighton corner.
Three minutes added on here - any late drama to come?
Gross' corner again comes to naught as Welbeck nods his delivery wide.
HUGE chance for Brighton again! Welbeck has really threatened late on, he's got far too much pace for the Brentford defence as he cuts through - but his strike from the outside of his boot just skims past the far post! With Flekken diving for it but it already out of reach, that really should have been the winner.
Free-kick for Brentford in Brighton's half. Flekken launches it but van Hecke cuts a touch on it before any Brentford shirt can. And that's the last action of the game!
FULL-TIME: BRENTFORD 0-0 BRIGHTON & HOVE ALBION.
Not the most spectacular of games tonight, with both sides claiming a point from a 0-0 draw. That point will be more important to Brentford, looking anxiously over their shoulder at their relegation rivals, than to Brighton, who really should have done better given their dominance. Brentford looked tired throughout, probably thanks to their exertions at the weekend, although they did well to frustrate the Seagulls’ attack. Brighton controlled much of the game, only occasionally looking vulnerable on the break, having 67 per cent possession and the stronger xG of 1.11 to the Bees’ 0.50. Injury time in both halves provided the game’s main talking points: Brighton were denied an extremely weak shout for a penalty at the end of the first, while Welbeck’s extremely near miss in the dying throes of the game added some late drama (and really should have snatched all three points). Brentford take on Aston Villa next, while Brighton face current leaders Arsenal. Thanks for reading!
Hello and welcome to the live coverage of the Premier League match between Burnley and Wolves!
Sorry Burnley fans but it is fair to say that it hasn’t been a great return to the Premier League so far. That being said they have recently started to show people that they do have the quality to compete and haven’t lost in their last three games, drawing against Chelsea and West Ham and also winning against Brentford. Premier League survival looked unlikely before those three games, but now they are only four points from safety! Are Burnley starting to dream again?
Wolves will be hoping their April has more joy in store than March. They only won once and also got knocked out of the FA Cup by Championship side Coventry. It has left them with little to fight for as the season reaches its climax but, a win is a win and Gary O’Neil will be desperate for one just to boost his squad's confidence.
BURNLEY (4-4-2): Arijanet Muric; Vitinho, Dara O’Shea, Maxime Esteve, Charlie Taylor; Jacob Bruun Larsen, Josh Cullen, Sander Berge, Wilson Odobert; David Datro Fofana, Lyle Foster.
SUBSTITUTES: Zeki Amdouni, Josh Brownhill, Jack Cork, Hannes Delcroix, Hjalmar Ekdal, Manuel Benson, Jay Rodriguez, Lawrence Vigouroux.
WOLVES (3-4-2-1) Jose Sa; Matt Doherty, Max Kilman, Toti; Nelson Semedo, Joao Gomes, Hugo Bueno, Rayan Ait-Nouri; Pablo Sarabia, Mario Lemina; Leon Chiwome.
SUBSTITUTES: Ty Barnett, Daniel Bentley, Santiago Bueno, Tawanda Chirewa, Matheus Cunha, Thomas Doyle, Nathan Fraser, Noha Lemina, Boubacar Traore.
Vincent Kompany has made two changes from that impressive draw away at Chelsea on the weekend. Fofana comes back up front after he was ineligible to play against his parent club, which is a huge boost as he is Burnley’s top goal scorer at Turf Moor. He only joined in January! Charlie Taylor replaces Lorenz Assignon who was sent off in the 2-2 draw at Stamford Bridge. Muric continues in goal and looks to have become the number one, displacing James Trafford. The rest is the same as Kompany looks to build some consistency in his squad in the hope it can guide them closer to safety.
The big news for Wolves is not in the starting line-up but on the bench as Cunha makes his return after missing seven games out. It is a big absence when he isn’t playing so O’Neil will be hoping to see an instant impact from their superstar. Up top for Wolves is 18-year-old Chiwome who made his Premier League debut on the weekend against Aston Villa, and he must have impressed as he is rewarded with another start.
Wolves have not enjoyed travelling to this part of Lancashire. They haven’t won at Turf Moor since 2010, and with Burnley in their best run of form, can Wolves overcome this difficult task? We will find out shortly as kick-off approaches.
KICK-OFF. Turf Moor lets out a roar as Burnley gets us underway, can they continue to build on this unlikely push for Premier League safety?
Muric gets an early touch as he rushes out of his goal to collect Bueno's looping cross.
Fofana and Odobert link up beautifully and the winger finds himself galloping forward but his pass is just behind Bruun Larsen and it kills the attack. Good signs for Burnley at the back and in attack so far.
Sa makes a fearless clearance there. He chucks himself at the ball as Burnley shirts rush towards him but he manages to get there and heads it clear.
Sa is scurrying off his line again to deny Burnley a corner after Odobert's deflected shot was slowly bobbling out of play before the Portuguese slapped it out for a throw-in.
Cullen has a great chance to get the ball into the box from a set piece, but it barely reaches the first man. It was a shocking free-kick.
Wolves have had some big hitters injured this season with Hwang Hee-Chan and Pedro Neto also missing. It means that this starting team has only scored 13 of the 42 league goals they have netted this season. Four of those have come defenders. Yikes!
A bit of last-ditch defending from Wolves here. Burnley found themselves in the box a couple of times but are just unable to either pull the trigger or find a teammate. In comes Toti who smashes it clear.
Wolves have their best spell of possession so far, and O'Shea gets a bit excited and drags Ait-Nouri back to relieve some pressure on the away side.
Confidence is a magical thing. You would believe that Wolves are the team in the depths of a relegation scrap in the opening 17 minutes here. Burnley are playing it around so quickly and with intent as well.
In terms of action on the pitch, there isn't too much to report on, but in the stands, a section of the crowd have had to be moved because of a leak in the roof. The fans who are moving aren't missing too much.
Ait-Nouri is let down by his touch, he just tries to push the ball into space but a heavy touch allows Vitinho to come in and clear the ball.
Doherty tries to go on his own and probably wishes he didn't. He cut in and attempted to whip it but on his weaker foot, it went wide.
Bueno has two attempts to cross the ball but on both occasions can only find claret and blue shirts. They weren't bad balls, Burnley have just been really strong defensively so far in this half.
WOW! WHAT A CHANCE! Doherty sneaks round the back post to send Sarabia's corner back across goal to Gomes but the Brazilian flicks his header wide. He has his head in his hands and you can't blame him.
Muric has really had a huge impact on Burnley's recent form. The goalkeeper has been progressive with his passing, and at times a little bit risky but so far it is working out.
Sarabia nearly found Chiwome rushing through on-goal but the Spaniard takes a loose touch and then plays a poor pass which allows Esteve to intercept. If his touch was tighter Burnley were in danger there.
Gomes has had to get some treatment. It allows Kompany and O'Neil to give some instructions to their teams. Both managers should be pretty happy with this opening 35 minutes so far.
SA SAVES! Vitinho shows some great footwork and drives into the box where the Wolves players almost look a bit scared to touch him. He then shoots but Sa gobbles up the chance, which was a pretty easy stop for him.
Esteve is rescued by the referee's whistle. Wolves looked to have pinched the ball of the defender and Esteve fell to the ground and luckily for him, the whistle blew as Wolves looked to race away.
GOAAAL! BURNLEY LEAD 1-0! It started with the goalkeeper and it ended with Bruun Larsen stoking a fantastic volley into the bottom corner. Sa could do nothing about that and Burnley deserve it!
O'Shea receives the ball of Muric and he just roams into the space and lofts a ball to the back post where Bruun Larsen is waiting to strike a fierce volley to make it 1-0.
Chiwome has a chance to instantly respond. The youngster spins and shoots and it looks goal-bound but it clips his teammate Toti and goes out for a goal kick.
Burnley are looking to get a second before the break. Foster walks into the box but can't find the space to shoot and it is cleared but Cullen is there to keep the pressure on. Wolves stay strong and keep Sa's goal protected.
Chiwome has had a difficult evening so far, but for only his second-ever game in the Premier League he has continued to be busy throughout the opening half. He has just come up against Esteve who has is having a fine game so far.
Cullen finds himself free on the edge of the box and pulls the trigger although it doesn't test Sa at all.
GOAAAL! AIT-NOURI LEVELS IT! He has been so dangerous this half, and he just arrives in the box to cushion a header past Muric. It was such an easy header for the Algerian, and he now has three goals in four games. He has been so important for Wolves recently and he continues to be so as he makes it 1-1.
Sarabia plays a delicate free-kick into a crowd of on-rushing Wolves players and Ait-Nouri directs the cross past Muric to level. After a brief VAR check the goal stands.
Ait-Nouri has been the biggest threat for Wolves so far and wins a free-kick for his side to have one last chance before the break.
HALF-TIME: BURNLEY 1-1 WOLVES
Well it has been an exciting half, and a difficult one to call as well. Burnley have been playing with a new-found confidence and took the lead with Bruun Larsen's volley. The Clarets had deserved it up until that point with Vitinho testing Sa moments before the opener, but Wolves slowly built their way back into the game. Ait-Nouri has been the away sides brightest spark and stung Burnley late on in the half. He won the free-kick and then met Sarabia's cross with a cushioned header to beat Muric and level the game.
It probably shouldn't have been a surprise that Burnley were picking the ball out of the net in the opening 45 minutes, they have conceded 29 first-half strikes in 31 games but it felt for large parts that they were in control. They haven't looked like a side struggling in the Premier League but they find themselves level but will need to continue to move the ball with the speed currently shown and just add a clinical touch in the final third if they are to continue their fine form. Wolves have ridden their luck for parts of this game, but with Cunha on the bench they have the quality that could change the fixture in their favour.
We are back underway at Turf Moor, can anyone grab a winner in the second half?
Taylor was in two minds to launch a long throw-in into the box or play it short. He opts for the latter and Burnley set up just inside Wolves' half.
The Burnley fans are furious. Gomes goes down and Burnley want to carry on but it look as if the Wolves players just stop playing and the referee blows to see if Gomes is okay. Surprisingly... he is okay!
It is going to be difficult to call this game! In the 12 games Burnley have taken the lead this season, they have drawn four, lost four and won four. At least they are somewhat consistent.
A HUGE SAVE FROM MURIC! Ait-Nouri gets himself one-on-one and the Wolves goalscorer is met by Muric who has made himself big to deny him. He should have doubled his tally and put Wolves ahead.
Semedo takes his time with the restart and is quickly shown a yellow card.
Burnley decide to take a short corner and waste the chance to get the ball in the box. Wolves look to strike a counter-attack but Burnley do get back well to thwart the break.
BRUUN LARSEN IS DENIED! Burnley work the ball well and Vitinho cuts the ball back to Bruun Larsen who hits a good strike but Sa sticks out a leg to deny him.
SA SAVES AGAIN! Sa has been called into action twice in quick succession now, and Odobert almost catches him by surprise firing the ball towards the Portuguese who just instinctively swipes the ball away.
Bruun Larsen latches onto Muric's throughball and fires a shot that is stopped by Sa. The flag goes up but Burnley just switched the style of play up hitting a ball over the top.
Esteve makes a crucial interception to deny Chiwome. The youngster was waiting behind the defender to collect the cross but Esteve slid in to get the ball away.
Vitinho does well to rescue Foster's sloppy pass to win a corner, although the corner doesn't match Vitinho's effort and Wolves clear with ease.
Muric does well again. Wolves looked to have been through but before they know it Muric has sprinted off his line to clear the pass.
Bueno comes off for Bueno. Hugo B has made way for Santiago B with the sub slotting into a central defender position.
Burnley again have a heavy amount of possession on the cusp of Wolves' box but Bruun Larsen plays a cross straight into Sa which gives Wolves a chance to compose themselves.
Burnley's goalscorer has come off for Rodriguez. Bruun Larsen has been bright and had some chances but couldn't show a similar precision to his shooting that he did with the opener.
Odobert collects the ball just outside the box and hits a dipping shot towards goal but Sa manages to claim it well.
Chiwome has been bright but his game has ended with the introduction, and return, of Cunha. He has been out for a while, but can he make an instant impact.
Sarabia tries to shimmy and shake away from Berge and shot, he did the first part but the Norwiegan did well to block the shot.
Anywhere will do for Wolve right now, Sa whacks the ball away but it comes straight back to them almost instantly. Can Burnley make this pressure can and get a vital win?
It is bad news for Burnley! With Nottingham Forest beating Fulham 3-1 in the earlier kick-off they are currently six points adrift of Forest. A winning goal will be vital and send Burnley fans wild.
The attacking intent of Wolves has slightly been affected as Sarabia makes way for the more defensive Traore.
OFF THE POST! Wolves haven't ventured into Burnley's half too much in the last five minutes but Ait-Nouri sends a lofting ball to Lemina and in almost slow motion the ball just clips the post and goes out.
Foster has had a quiet evening and is replaced by Benson, who has had bright moments throughout his Burnley career. One more here would be much appreciated by all involved with Burnley.
Rodriguez has the ball in the back of the net after directing Odobert's shot onto the post then hitting the rebound in. The only problem is the Englishman is miles offside and he knew it.
Semedo bursts into space but when he looks up he is the only one attacking and he just stops for a second then plays it back to Kilman. Wolves won't really mind that, they have been up against it in the final moments of the game.
There is four more minutes to play here. Will be get the goal that will keep their survival hopes alive?
Gomes clatters into Benson and it is an easy decision. Yellow card, there was no intent to get the ball there really.
FULL-TIME: BURNLEY 1-1 WOLVES
Well that is a gutting result for Burnley, and that shows how far they have come in recent weeks. If not for Sa they could of had a couple of goals and could have picked up an important win that would have seen them keep chase with Nottingham Forest, who sit just outside the bottom three. Instead they are now six points behind 17th and with eight games remaining, as the margin for error gets smaller and smaller. The Clarets took a deserved lead when Bruun Larsen fired O'Shea's cross into the bottom corner, but Ait-Nouri cancelled the strike out in first-half stoppage time when he nodded Sarabia's free-kick past Muric. The Algerian could have punished Burnley again in the second period, but he was met by Muric, who thwarted the Algerian's shot and Burnley took control, although Bruun Larsen and Vitinho were met by an inspired Sa. Lemina hit the post on a rare flurry forward late in the game, but it finished 1-1 which matched the xG of 0.98 to 0.98. Burnley are unbeaten in four now, but will need to turn draws into wins if they are to stay in the Premier League. Thanks for joining us, goodbye!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this match in the Premier League, as Nottingham Forest host Fulham at the City Ground.
Dropping into the relegation places after a four-point deduction by the league for financial fair play breaches, Forest clawed their way back above the trapdoor with a 1-1 draw against Crystal Palace last time out. The Reds have won just one game in 2024 though, and are only clear of 18th placed Luton on goal difference, facing a Fulham side who smashed them 5-0 in the reverse fixture.
An inconsistent second season back in the top-flight sees 12th placed Fulham sat firmly in mid-table, although they’ll be keen to climb against after impressive results in their last two games. A 3-0 win over Champions League-chasing Tottenham preceded a 3-3 draw at bottom side Sheffield United, in which the west Londoners scored twice in the last five minutes plus stoppage time to secure a point from 3-1 down.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-2-3-1): Matz Sels; Neco Williams, Andrew Omobamidele, Murillo, Ola Aina; Ryan Yates, Danilo; Anthony Elanga, Morgan Gibbs-White, Callum Hudson-Odoi; Chris Wood.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Matt Turner, Ibrahim Sangare, Cheikhou Kouyate, Harry Toffolo, Nicolas Dominguez, Moussa Niakhate, Giovanni Reyna, Divock Origi, Gonzalo Montiel.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Kenny Tete, Tosin Adarabioyo, Calvin Bassey, Antonee Robinson; Joao Palhinha, Sasa Lukic; Harry Wilson, Andreas Pereira, Alex Iwobi; Rodrigo Muniz.
FULHAM SUBS: Marek Rodak, Harrison Reed, Raul Jimenez, Tom Cairney, Adama Traore, Tim Ream, Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Willian, Timothy Castagne.
Nuno Espirito Santo makes three changes to the side held 1-1 by Palace, with Andrew Omobamidele and Danilo brought into the spine of the team as Felipe and Ibrahim Sangare drop out. Anthony Elanga also comes in for Divock Origi out wide, looking to provide top scorer Chris Wood with plenty of attacking support.
Kenny Tete and Harry Wilson both start on the right-hand side for Fulham, displacing Timothy Castagne and Willian respectively as Marco Silva makes two changes. Striker Rodrigo Muniz has eight goals in his last eight league appearances and scored a 93rd minute equaliser at Bramall Lane, while Alex Iwobi, who is flanking the Brazilian alongside Wilson, netted a brace in December’s 5-0 win over Forest.
The teams are out on the pitch at the City Ground, and we'll be ready for kick-off in just a matter of moments!
Wood kicks the game off for Forest, and we're underway in the east Midlands!
Forest have lost each of their last four home games against Fulham in the league, more than they had in their previous 23 meetings with them at the City Ground
Wood is played into space by Aina down the left, but Tete slides across with a cover tackle that sends the ball out for the game's first corner.
A poor clearance from Leno is seized by Hudson-Odoi, but the winger's cross back into the area can't find a red shirt and Bassey knocks the ball away.
SAVED!!! After cutting out a promising Forest attack at the other end, Fulham counter and the ball comes to Pereira. With passing lanes closed off, the Brazilian lets fly with a looping 20-yard effort that Sels saves!!
GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!! It's a perfect start for Forest!! Gibbs-White turns away from Palhinha to play Hudson-Odoi in behind the defence with a glorious clipped pass. The winger bursts onto the ball, steps inside Tete, and shoots, drilling a low strike beyond the reach of Leno and into the bottom corner!! There'll be no 5-0 for Fulham tonight, as instead it's the home side who lead 1-0!
It was a glorious ball forward from Gibbs-White, giving Hudson-Odoi all the time and space he needed to pick his spot!
WIDE!!! Pereira swings a lofted reverse ball into the middle as Fulham chase an immediate response. Muniz chests it on before swivelling to shoot from a tight angle, but can only find the side netting with his effort!
Muniz brings down another forward ball, this time from a Fulham throw-in, and tries to round Murillo, but the Brazilian nods it behind to gift Fulham a corner.
Hudson-Odoi has scored his fourth Premier League goal for Forest on his 22nd appearance for the club, having taken 72 outings to net the same number for former club Chelsea in the competition.
SAVED!!! Another sensational Gibbs-White touch takes him beyond Adarabioyo and into the final third. Racing through the retreating Fulham defence, he passes left to Hudson-Odoi in space, but the goalscorer takes too long to get a shot away and Leno makes the save once he does!!
Aina's long throw into the Fulham box is only half-cleared by the visitors and ricochets off Elanga into the path of Yates. He cuts the ball back from the byline, but Adarabioyo's block results in a corner to the hosts.
GOOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! Wood doubles the lead for the Tricky Trees!! After being crowded out and losing possession to multiple Fulham defenders just seconds earlier, the striker stays alive on the edge of the box and collects Murillo's pass forward. He turns away from Bassey before letting fly from 25 yards, leaving Leno rooted to the spot as his looping strike crashes into the bottom-left corner!! Two goals in little over 10 minutes, and Forest are 2-0 up amidst pandemonium at the City Ground!
A great ball through the lines from Murillo, and Wood did the rest with a long-range finish that caught Fulham napping!
Gibbs-White looks to release Elanga into space down the right, but Robinson sprints back in cover to dispossess the Swede and alleviate some of the pressure on Leno's goal.
Three goals in the last three games for Wood, taking his tally to 11 for the season as Forest's leading striker. It's his longest goalscoring streak since a run of four between September 2020 to and July 2020 amidst an injury-hit campaign at Burnley.
WIDE!!! How on earth are Forest not 3-0 up?? Elanga and Gibbs-White play a defence-splitting one-two on the edge of Fulham's box, allowing the former space to race through on goal. He's only got Leno to beat from close range, but drags his effort wide, clipping the far post with the goal at his mercy!
Nottingham Forest have alternated between losing (five) and not losing (three wins and a draw) in their nine midweek Premier League games since the start of last season. They lost their last such match 2-1 against Arsenal in January, but are already two goals to the good this time around!
Pereira cuts inside Williams on the left to hang up a cross towards the right-hand side, but an arriving Wilson can't get a good enough contact on the ball to steer it goalwards!
Wood turns and plays a good throughball in behind the defence with Elanga chasing hard, but Adarabioyo gets a vital foot in to send the ball away and over the touchline!
Fulham have won all three of their Premier League games against Nottingham Forest, but have never won four in a row against an opponent in the competition and are miles off doing so in this one!
He's understandably far from happy with what he's seen so far, but this is a radical change to say the least from Marco Silva! He makes a triple substitution barely half an hour into this game, with the first change seeing Lukic replaced in midfield by club captain Tom Cairney.
Adama Traore also comes on for Fulham in just the 33rd minute, replacing Iwobi out wide on the left.
Wilson replaced Willian in the starting XI for this match, but is hooked just 33 minutes into it as the Brazilian re-takes his place on the right-hand side!
Fulham's three substitutes are thrown straight into the action as the visitors keep the ball for their longest spell of the game so far. It eventually comes to Traore on the right, but neither Muniz, Willian nor Robinson can get on the end of it as Elanga clears!
First-half substitutions are usually reserved for injuries and woeful individual performances, so Marco Silva's decision to make three changes in one across Fulham's midfield is certainly a rarity in Premier League circles!
Fulham are enjoying much more possession as they look to get back into the game, but a 30-yard shot being blazed miles over the top by Pereira isn't doing much to help their cause!
Forest can hardly get a touch of the ball at the moment as Fulham continue to build pressure down the right, but Pereira's cross in towards Muniz in the middle is claimed, caught and held by Sels flying well off his goal-line.
Nottingham Forest have scored eight goals in the first 15 minutes of their games this season, doubling their lead since, with only Arsenal (10) and Newcastle United (nine) managing scored more in the Premier League this season!
OVER!!! Gibbs-White swings a long-range Forest free-kick into the box, which is headed back across goal by Omobamidele. Yates meets it in the middle with an off-balance half-volley, skewing his effort over the top from 10 yards out!
CHANCE!!! Pereira gets away from Omobamidele down the right and fires in a cross towards Muniz, but the striker pulls his header back across the face of goal and fails to trouble Sels!
We're into three additional minutes at the end of an all-action first half on the banks of the Trent.
GOOOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! Absolutely extraordinary - it's 3-0 to Nottingham Forest!! Danilo and Gibbs-White play a succession of one-two's through Fulham's midfield, and the Reds' number 10 collects the final pass in the box before coolly slotting beyond Leno into the far corner!! Two goals at the start of the half, and one right at the end for an absolutely rampant Forest!!
Danilo and Gibbs-White were in perfect tandem there, playing their own two-man passing game and cutting through Fulham in the process!
HALF-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 3-0 FULHAM.
What a first half at the City Ground!! Dominant hosts Nottingham Forest have scored a trio of superbly-worked goals to lead a lacklustre Fulham 3-0 at the break!! Gibbs-White's pass in behind the defence opened up space for Hudson-Odoi to slot home the opener after just nine minutes, and less than 10 later Wood had fired in their second from 25 yards. Elanga clipped the outside of the post as the visitors continued to be cut wide open, and Fulham boss Silva went left-field with a triple substitution mid-way through the half! That hardly stemmed Forest's momentum though, as Danilo and Gibbs-White glided through once more for the latter to net a deserved goal. Fulham were only 2-0 up at the break on the way to beating Forest 5-0 in the reverse fixture - could the Reds return the favour in the second half?
Gibbs-White has been at the centre of everything good about Forest's first-half performance, with five final-third entries seeing him come away with a goal, an assist and three chances created. He's played 11 passes in this area of the pitch, putting in four crosses and completing two of his three attempted dribbles. Locksmith.
We're back for the second half, which is kicked off by Muniz for a Fulham side who face a tough, tough task to get back into this game.
Bassey comes off second-best in an aerial collision with Gibbs-White and has stayed down, eventually returning to his feet but moving gingerly as he gets back into position for the visitors.
Fulham have the best of the early second-half possession and Pereira swings a deep cross into the box. Muniz can't get there, but applies enough pressure on Williams to force a corner off the Forest full-back.
GOOOOAAAALLL!! There's one back for Fulham!! Pereira's first corner is wayward, but the second attempt is put right onto the head of Adarabioyo, who meets it with a fantastic glancing header which loops beyond everyone and into the top corner!! That's exactly the start Fulham needed to make in this half, and that glorious Adarabioyo effort cuts the gap to 3-1!
A pinpoint cross from Pereira, setting Adarabioyo up for a header which left Sels with no chance!
Willian drives over halfway on the break and looks to play in Robinson down the left flank, but Williams slides across in cover to steer the ball away from danger and out over the sideline!
CHANCE!!! Gibbs-White turns over possession and plays Hudson-Odoi into space vacated by Tete. The opening goalscorer cuts inside and races into the area, but goes down under pressure from the Fulham defender and fails to win the penalty he was after!
CHANCE!!! Fulham race straight back up the other end as Traore squeezes the ball through three defenders to Cairney, who in turn finds Willian. His cutback into the middle has Muniz waiting to tap home, but Murillo makes a crucial interception to deny him on the goal-line!
Forest are unbeaten in their last three Premier League matches when ahead at half-time, last losing against Manchester United at the end of August.
Williams latches onto Elanga's throughball down the byline but appears to have been clipped by Robinson on the way through. He goes down in the box as a result, but a Forest penalty is not forthcoming from the referee!
Fulham's latest corner is played short and back to Willian for a first-time cross, but his delivery into the middle is punched well clear by Sels!
Traore takes on Aina and beats him around the outside before crossing, but again Sels is there to pluck that dangerous-looking ball out of the sky!
Danilo and Gibbs-White combine in midfield again as the latter lets fly from 25 yards, but his low drive is blocked away from danger by Bassey on the edge of his own box!
BLOCKED!!! It's Fulham's turn to cut through the Forest as Pereira glides into open space on the break. He finds Willian running at pace into the box, but the substitute's low shot on the cutback is blocked by a combination of Murillo and Danilo!
Gibbs-White beats Tete down the left-hand side before squaring to Gibbs-White in the middle, but his flicked-up half-volley is drilled into the back foot of Adarabioyo!
Forest substitute Matt Turner has drawn the referee's attention with his comments from the bench, and the USA goalkeeper earns a yellow card for dissent, despite having played no part in this match so far!
OFF THE WOODWORK!!! Gibbs-White and Williams link up down the right and the latter is urged to shoot from the edge of the box, with his left-footed effort taking a deflection before bouncing back into play off the top of the crossbar!!
Deflected crosses into the middle by Tete and Palhinha in quick succession are both dealt with by Forest, with Aina dispossessing the latter and setting off on a fantastic run out of defence!
Hudson-Odoi surges around the outside of Tete and drills a low cross into the middle, but Bassey slides across to scythe the ball away in an unorthodox style before it's eventually booted clear by Leno!
After three first-half changes in a row from Fulham, the first alteration in the second is Forest's, Hudson-Odoi, who opened the scoring just nine minutes in, is replaced out wide by Divock Origi.
SAVED!! What a stop from Sels!! Pereira and Traore both have attempted crosses into the box cleared by Forest, but it's third time lucky for the substitute, finding Adarabioyo at the far post. His downward header looks certain to find the corner, but Sels desperately dives across to parry it around the upright!
OFF THE BAR!!! Fulham go closer still!! Pereira's corner is met by Tete at the near post, and his goalbound header bounces off the underside of the bar before being scrambled clear by Yates!!
Fulham also make their final two changes of the match, with Harrison Reed on to take Palhinha's place in defensive midfield.
Bobby De Cordova-Reid netted Fulham's second late on against Sheffield United last time out, and will need to go one better in the final 19 minutes to rescue any points here as he replaces Pereira in the visitors' attack.
Fulham have won just one of their last 14 Premier League away games, with only Sheffield United winning fewer on the road this term than the Cottagers' two overall.
OVER!!! Another Fulham corner is played short between Traore, Reed and Willian, and the latter's cross finds Muniz, whose looping header sails over the bar and lands on the roof of the net!!
Williams dives across in cover to block Robinson's left-footed cross behind for a corner, but Forest are able to convincingly clear the resulting set-piece.
The catalyst behind so much of Forest's sensational first-half play, Gibbs-White comes off amidst wall-to-wall applause and is replaced for the final 13 minutes by Giovanni Reyna.
OVER!!! Aina is put into wide open pasture with a lofted pass over the top, and crosses back into the middle. Wood dummies on the edge of the box, as Yates arrives onto the ball and sends a woeful finish skywards!
Robinson's cross from the left flank is right onto the head of Muniz, but he can't direct his near-post effort on target and the ball whistles wide!!
CHANCE!!! Fulham continue to pile on the pressure with Forest unable to clear Willian's cross into their box. It's bouncing all over the place with several headers and swings of boots missed, before Muniz and De Cordova-Reid get in each other's way and the ball ricochets behind for a goal-kick!
Elanga's another who has cut Fulham to ribbons at times, and he comes off now as Nicolas Dominguez enters the fray late on.
Harry Toffolo is also on at left-back for the Reds, replacing Aina with Forest looking to shore up their two-goal advantage.
Fulham have attempted 14 shots in this match, higher than their Premier League average of 13.2 this season, yet have only Adarabioyo's goal to show for it with Forest looking set to secure the points here.
OVER!! Origi steps away from two defenders and plays a one-two with Wood before letting fly from the edge of the box, but his left-footed strike flashes just a few inches beyond the crossbar!
OVER!!! A loose Traore pass leaves space in behind for Reyna to play in Danilo, and the midfielder charges into the visitors' box before blasting a powerful strike over the top from an acute angle!!
With time running out, Fulham win a close-range free-kick from the left-hand side of Forest's box, and Willian delivers. The low ball into the near post is hooked away from the goalmouth by Omobamidele, and Dominguez arrives on the byline to scythe it clear of danger!
FIVE added minutes to play at the City Ground - will that be enough time for Fulham to rescue something at the death?
Murillo looks for Wood again with a long-range throughball into the box, but the New Zealand striker gets nowhere near it as Leno comes off his line to collect.
WIDE!!! Wood's first-time ball out to Origi on the right is inch-perfect, and the Belgian steams into the box. Engaging Leno, he bears down on goal and tries to place a shot in the bottom corner, but drags his effort just a few inches wide of the far post!!
OFF THE UPRIGHT!!! Fulham hit the woodwork again!! Traore collects Reed's pass and drills a shot goalwards from the right-hand side of the box, but it cannons back off the top of the near post and goes behind for a goal-kick!!
FULL-TIME: NOTTINGHAM FOREST 3-1 FULHAM.
It's all done and dusted at the City Ground, as Nottingham Forest's sensational first-half showing helps them to a 3-1 victory over Fulham!! Only one goal to speak of in the second period, but what a half it proved to be, with chances galore at both ends. Fulham needed a response after disarray in the opening 45 minutes, and got it just four minutes into the second half thanks to Adarabioyo's towering header. Still two goals to the good, Forest pushed to put the result beyond doubt, but couldn't add to their first-half tally as Williams struck the crossbar and Danilo and Origi fired high and wide late on. Fulham had an absolute glut of chances throughout the half, but couldn't add to their earlier goal, with Adarabioyo and Muniz both heading wide as efforts from Tete and Traore hit the woodwork. A frenetic, free-scoring, end-to-end game comes to a close, as Forest secure a huge three points to take themselves three points clear of Luton in 18th. Fulham could well have overcome their woeful first-half showing which led to three players being hooked on half an hour, but instead drop to 13th with their 14th defeat of the season.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between West Ham and Tottenham at London Stadium.
West Ham will be looking to bounce back from their disappointing 4-3 loss to Newcastle United in their previous Premier League outing, with the Hammers now winless in their last three top-flight outings. David Moyes' men were in a strong position after goals from Michail Antonio, Mohammed Kudus, and Jarrod Bowen helped them come from behind to lead 3-1. However, West Ham crumbled in the latter stages of the second half, with Newcastle scoring three times in 13 minutes to claim a precious victory. The Irons will welcome a return to the London Stadium after collecting 24 points from their 15 matches at home and will attempt to turn their form around to ensure they qualify for European football next season. West Ham are currently in seventh position, one point above Newcastle in eighth place and four behind Manchester United in sixth, with both teams having a game in hand.
Tottenham are pushing for a place in next season's Champions League and are currently in fifth position, three points behind Aston Villa, who are in fourth and have played one extra fixture. Spurs are in good form and have collected three wins from their last four. However, they had to come from behind against relegation-threatened Luton Town in their previous outing to avoid a shock defeat that would have put a massive dent in their top-four ambitions. The score was level late on after an own goal from Issa Kabore cancelled out Tahith Chong's early opener, but Tottenham prevailed thanks to Son Heung-min, who struck his 160th Spurs goal in the 86th minute to help his side to all three points. Ange Postecoglou's men will be eager to end the campaign strongly and can focus on the league as they are out of the FA Cup and are not in Europe.
WEST HAM (4-2-3-1): Lukasz Fabianski; Vladimir Coufal, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Kurt Zouma, Emerson; Tomas Soucek, James Ward-Prowse; Jarrod Bowen, Lucas Paqueta, Mohammed Kudus; Michail Antonio.
WEST HAM SUBS: Ben Johnson, Aaron Cresswell, Kalvin Phillips, Maxwel Cornet, Danny Ings, Angelo Ogbonna, George Earthy, Divin Mubama, Joseph Anang.
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Destiny Udogie; Yves Bissouma, Rodrigo Bentancur; Brennan Johnson, James Maddison, Timo Werner; Son Heung-Min.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Radu Dragusin, Richarlison, Emerson Royal, Giovani Lo Celso, Dejan Kulusevski, Pape Sarr, Ben Davies, Brandon Austin.
West Ham make one change to the side that lost 4-3 to Newcastle in their previous Premier League outing. Alphonse Areola was forced off against the Magpies with a groin problem and is not in the squad, meaning Fabianski comes in to start in goal.
Spurs make three alterations to the team that came from behind to beat Luton 2-1 in their last match. Van de Ven was an unused substitute against the Hatters but appears at centre-back instead of Dragusin. Bentancur comes into the midfield and replaces Sarr, with Johnson appearing on the wing ahead of Kulusevski.
West Ham are looking to achieve a Premier League double over Tottenham for the third time, previously doing so in 1998-99 and 2013-14. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Tottenham get this Premier League clash under way. There is some heavy rain coming down at London Stadium.
Soucek shows his intentions in the first two minutes with a heavy tackle on Bissouma. The Spurs midfielder stays on the floor for a few seconds before returning to his feet.
Coufal and Bowen combine with a clever one-two down the right, with the full-back getting close to the touchline before sliding a pass inside to Antonio, but Romero gets across to intercept it.
HUGE CHANCE! What an opportunity for West Ham. Kudus steals possession on the left and gets into a dangerous position before cutting the ball across the box to Bowen. The England international arrives in the middle, but he shoots wide.
GOALLLL! 1-0 SPURS! The visitors make the lead! Bentancur slots a pass down the left to Werner, who pushes the ball past his marker to get to the byline. He drives a low cross into Johnson, with the winger scoring from close range.
What an assist from Werner! The Germany International shows his speed to get past a West Ham defender before cutting the ball back across the box. Johnson darts inside and has the easiest of finishes.
OVER! Bowen's cross is not dealt with by the Spurs defence, with the ball dropping to Kudus in the middle of the box. He gets a shot away, but it deflects off Romero and goes over the bar.
WIDE! So close from Porro! Spurs retain possession well on the edge of West Ham's box, with the ball rolling across to the Spaniard. He has time and space to get a shot away, driving his low, right-footed effort just wide of the left post.
Spurs have avoided defeat in their last six matches when scoring the opening goal in the Premier League dating back to December 7 2023. However, Moyes will take encouragement from the fact that their previous defeat in that run came against West Ham, with the Irons winning 2-1.
SAVE! Spurs are dominating at the moment. Son receives the ball on the edge of the box and shifts it onto his right foot. The captain then attempts to curl a right-footed shot on target, with Fabianski getting down to his left to make a simple save. Son probably should’ve done better, especially with his quality.
Werner has the beating of Coufal on the left, surging past the full-back inside the box before looking to drive a low cross into the middle. The ball bobbles around before the West Ham defence hack it clear.
Udogie makes a bursting run down the left and is pushed in the back by Paqueta. The referee tries to let the play continue before blowing for a free-kick. Maddison's cross from the right is then headed clear.
GOALLLL! ZOUMA SCORES! 1-1!  West Ham are level! The Hammers haven’t threatened much in the attack, but find an equaliser through a corner. Bowen's inswinging cross from the left is met by Zouma, who flicks a header across the goal and into the corner.
Ward-Prowse usually takes the corners for West Ham, but Bowen shows his crossing ability and gets an assist to his name. His ball into the box is perfect for Zouma, who uses the pace on it to direct his effort past Vicario.
Tottenham have lost three of their last five Premier League London derby matches (winning two), as many as they had in their previous 19 (winning 10 and drawing six). In the competition’s history, Spurs have conceded 398 goals in such games, and could be the second side to ship 400 after West Ham. They have dominated the early exchanges, but missed a few chances to double their lead and were punished.
Spurs have controlled possession since conceding and are just trying to stop West Ham from building any momentum. The home fans in the London Stadium are bouncing, with Kudus getting a loud cheer every time he collects the ball.
Bowen gets the better of Bissouma, who kicks the back of his leg and gives away a free-kick just inside West Ham's half.
Paqueta tries to trick his way into Spurs' box, but runs into a crowd and is tackled. The ball rebounds out to Bowen, with the winger getting a shot away. However, his effort takes a deflection on the way through, with Vicario scrambling across to stop it from going out for a corner.
Maddison keeps dropping deep to collect possession, trying to make things happen for Spurs. He makes a run forward before sliding a pass down the right to Johnson, but his low cross is cleared away.
CHANCE! What a cross from Johnson. Porro collects possession on the touchline and pokes a pass through to Johnson, who flashes a brilliant cross into the box. Werner is at the back post, but he doesn’t make a run across. That should've been a chance for Werner to score, but he didn't anticipate it.
Werner has had five goal involvements in the Premier League this season in 10 games, as many as in his last Premier League season (2021-22) in 21 games. He has certainly made an impact for Spurs, but still lacks an instinct to score goals.
Maddison continues to drop deep, assessing his options before curling a pass over to Porro on the right. The full-back sends an inviting cross into the box, but Son is nudged out the way of the ball, allowing Fabianski to collect it.
Romero dives into Bowen outside Spurs' box and gives away a needless free-kick in a shooting position. Ward-Prowse's right-footed effort is on target, but its a good height for Vicario, who pushes it away.
Antonio uses his physical strength to push past Udogie on the right before challenging Van de Ven, who bundles him to the floor and pokes the ball out for a throw-in. Antonio thinks he should have a free-kick and is furious with the assistant referee.
Bowen takes another corner on the right, getting an assist with his previous one. His ball into the box has plenty of pace on it, but Udogie does well to head it clear.
Bowen's third corner from the right is dangerous, with the winger whipping a cross towards the back post. Vicario does brilliantly to flick it away under pressure. West Ham are ending the half strongly.
There has been a spree of West Ham corners, with Kudus winning one on the left this time. Ward-Prowse gets a chance to show his ability, but Udogie does well again to knock it away from Soucek.
Paqueta thunders into Maddison in Spurs' half, leaving the midfielder on the floor. The Brazilian tries to apologise to Maddison, who is having none of it.
The first yellow card goes to Van de Ven after the defender pushes the ball away from Antonio to stop the play from getting back under way quickly. Its a soft booking, but that’s the rules.
There will be two minutes of additional time.
Porro is over a corner on the right, with his flat, outswinging cross getting hooked away by Emerson. Some unusual but effective defending from the Italian.
There is a few Spurs corners to end the half. Maddison's outswinging cross is headed away by Zouma as far as Bentancur, who whips a right-footed strike wide of the right post.
HALF-TIME: WEST HAM 1-1 TOTTENHAM
Zouma’s header cancelled out Johnson’s opener to send West Ham and Tottenham into half-time with the score level at 1-1. Bowen had a chance to score inside five minutes, but he directed Kudus' cross wide of the left post. Instead, Spurs broke the deadlock. Werner made a fantastic run down the left and cut the ball across to Johnson, who had a simple finish from close range. Porro then struck his low shot wide of the left post before the Hammers equalised. Bowen's inswinging corner from the right found Zouma, who flicked his effort across the goal and into the net.
West Ham narrowly edged the first half, creating an xG (expected goals) of 0.61 from their five shots. Bowen and Kudus has constantly caused problems down the wings with their pace and trickery, but Paqueta has had a quiet half by his standards, completely just 80 per cent of his passes and giving away three fouls. As for Spurs, they were excellent until they conceded. Porro and Udogie have supported their attacks brilliantly, constantly causing problems with their overlapping runs. Bentancur has also been strong in the midfield and has had 66 touches, but there has been some frustration from Maddison, who has constantly dropped deep to collect possession and ended the half on the wrong side of a heavy tackle from Paqueta.
West Ham get the ball rolling again. They are unbeaten in their last six Premier League matches, winning four (drawing two) when level at the break.
Bowen tries to get past Udogie on the right, but the Spurs defender gets ahead of the winger before getting tripped. Bowen throws his hands into the air and is furious, but it was a foul.
SAVE! Good stop from Vicario to keep the score level! Ward-Prowse makes the most of a loose pass from Bentancur on the edge of Spurs' box and offloads the ball to Antonio. He gets a shot away on his left foot, but his curling effort is pushed away by Vicario.
OFFSIDE! Bowen puts another delightful corner into the box on the right, with the winger whipping a cross into a dangerous area. Mavropanos sends a downward header on target, but Vicario blocks it on the line before the flag goes up for offside against Antonio. He was blocking the goalkeeper.
WIDE! West Ham are having all the chances at the moment. Paqueta uses his trickery to roll past Bentancur on the edge of the box before curling a left-footed effort just wide of the left post. It feels like the Hammers are getting closer and closer to taking the lead.
Ward-Prowse is over a free-kick on the right, and he whips a cross into the box towards the back post. However, he puts too much pace on it, with Soucek unable to keep the attack alive.
Antonio is shown a yellow card after stepping on Bentancur. He was stretching for the ball and is unlucky, but his tackle was worth a booking.
Johnson made a huge impact with his crosses off the bench against Luton in Spurs' last match, registering as assist for Son's winning goal. His low ball into the box from the right is fantastic, but it goes past Son and Werner before bouncing away from danger.
WIDE! Nice move from Spurs. Porro, Maddison and Bentancur combine with some quick passing on the edge of the box before Ward-Prowse clears it away as far as Bissouma. He has time and space on the edge of the box, but whips his right-footed strike wide of the right post.
Bowen shows brilliant determination to get past Udogie on the right before flicking a pass inside to Paqueta, who lashes his shot from distance high and wide of the target. Bowen really sets the tempo for the Hammers.
West Ham have conceded at least once in each of their last 10 Premier League games, shipping 24 goals in total in this run. Their 55 goals conceded overall this season is just one fewer than they shipped in the whole of last term, while only in 2010-11 (1.84) have they had a higher goals conceded per game average than their 1.8 so far in 2023-24. Spurs are having a good spell of possession, but are struggling to break the Hammers' rigid defensive structure.
SAVE! Antonio simply must score! West Ham counter brilliantly, with Antonio and Van de Ven getting into a battle after Ward-Prowse sends the ball over the top. The West Ham forward muscles Van de Ven to the floor and is one-on-one with Vicario, but sends his shot straight at the goalkeeper. He won’t get a better chance than that!
Bentancur is the latest player to go into the book for a foul.
Son has been quiet on his 400th appearance for Spurs. He has only had 26 touches and one shot, with most of the attacking play coming down the wings.
OVER! A rare chance for Son! Maddison switches the ball over to Son, who shifts possession onto his right foot inside the box before crashing his shot well over the bar.
The tempo has dropped in the last couple of minutes, with the possession switching sides constantly. Sarr has been waiting to come on for some time, but the ball hasn’t gone off the pitch!
Everyone is back for West Ham, with the hosts crowding the edge of their own box to stop shots from reaching their goal. After Johnson has his effort blocked, Porro sneaks a low strike through a number of bodies, but it goes straight at Fabianski.
Bentancur is on his way off after having 92 touches, more than any other player. Sarr takes his place in the midfield.
Maddison grew into the second half but still struggled to create anything for Spurs in a central position. He is replaced by Kulusevski.
Kulusevski gets involved immediately after coming on. He plays a clever one-two with Son on the edge of the box, allowing the South Korea international to move into space before laying a pass into Johnson. However, his low cross from the right is blocked.
WHAT A CROSS! Spurs are pushing for a second goal! Johnson and Porro work together on the right before playing a pass out to Sarr, who whips a phenomenal low cross into a dangerous area. It looks like Werner will have an easy finish, but Coufal gets back to clear it away.
Johnson goes into the book after tripping Kudus just inside West Ham's half.
Tottenham are winless in their last three Premier League away games against West Ham (drawing one and losing two), their longest run without a win at the Hammers since a run of six between 1995 and 2001. They look like the team more likely to take the lead, but must put Fabianski under more pressure. Spurs have only had one shot on target in the second half and are not making the most of their dominance.
Johnson has been reliable with his crosses from the right, but lofts the ball straight into Fabianski's gloves this time. West Ham are putting plenty of players behind the ball to defend, which is making it difficult for Spurs to create opportunities.
Spurs are having all of the possession but are cannot make anything with it. Porro looks to create a chance with a cross from the right towards Sarr, but the ball is flicked away from his head by Werner, who is in an offside position.
Tottenham are making two changes to try and get a second goal. Werner has been quiet in the second half and is being replaced by Richarlison. The Brazilian will go up front, with Son moving over to the left.
Hojbjerg also replaces Bissouma in a straight swap in the midfield.
Antonio drifts out to the left and shows some pace to push the ball past Porro before driving a cross straight into Vicario's gloves. Ings is getting ready to come on for the hosts.
Paqueta curls a pass down the right to Bowen, who wins a corner off Van de Ven. Bowen's inswinging cross has plenty of pace, but it flicks off Soucek before going out for a goal-kick.
PENALTY SHOUT! Son gets a chance to run at his marker down the left before sliding a pass through to Hojbjerg, who has his cross blocked by Coufal. He wants a penalty for handball, but it clearly hit his chest.
Romero is the fourth player to go into the book for Spurs after a foul on Ward-Prowse. The hosts try to take it quickly, but the referee stops the play.
Johnson looks like he is hurt and is slowly walking off the pitch, with Lo Celso taking his place for the final few minutes.
There will be four minutes of additional time.
Ward-Prowse is over a late corner on the left for West Ham. His inswinging cross is whipped towards the back post, but Vicario gets through a crowd to punch it away.
SAVE! Chance for Spurs to win it! The visitors take their time in possession around West Ham's box before Porro decides to curl a left-footed cross into the box from the left. Lo Celso flicks it to Udogie, but he drives his low strike straight at Fabianski.
FULL-TIME: WEST HAM 1-1 TOTTENHAM
Tottenham missed the chance to move into fourth position in the Premier League after a 1-1 draw with West Ham at London Stadium. Spurs took the lead inside five minutes through Johnson, who scored his fifth goal of the season from close range after getting onto Werner's low cross. However, the visitors couldn’t add to their lead, with the Hammers levelling later in the first half. Zouma latched onto Bowen's inswinging corner from the right and directed his effort across the goal and into the net. Both teams then missed huge chances to win it. Antonio did brilliantly to get away from Van de Ven, but he struck his shot straight at Vicario. Udogie then had an opportunity for Spurs deep into stoppage time, but his low effort was stopped by Fabianski. It was a very close contest, with West Ham creating an xG of 1.16 compared to Tottenham's 0.96. Next, the Irons travel to Wolves, with Spurs hosting Nottingham Forest. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Chelsea and Manchester United at Stamford Bridge!
Occupying a modest 12th place in the Premier League table, Chelsea drew 2-2 at home to relegation-threatened Burnley last time out - though they did extend their unbeaten streak to five games as a result. Mauricio Pochettino's men are back at the Bridge today, having secured only 22 points from a possible 42 on offer in home fixtures this season. Quite remarkably, the Blues are winless in 12 top-flight meetings with Manchester United, drawing seven times and losing on five occasions.
Manchester United were 2-1 winners in December's reverse fixture at Old Trafford, when Scott McTominay scored either side of Cole Palmer's leveller. The Red Devils are now looking to complete a Premier League double over Chelsea for just the second time, previously doing so in the 2019-20 campaign. Sitting in sixth place with nine matches remaining, United trail fifth-placed Tottenham Hotspur by eight points; they escaped with a 1-1 draw against Brentford last week, having faced some 31 shots on their goal.
CHELSEA (4-2-3-1): Djordje Petrovic; Malo Gusto, Axel Disasi, Benoit Badiashile, Marc Cucurella; Moises Caicedo, Enzo Fernandez; Cole Palmer, Conor Gallagher, Mykhailo Mudryk; Nicolas Jackson.
SUBS: Marcus Bettinelli, Thiago Silva, Raheem Sterling, Noni Madueke, Trevoh Chalobah, Carney Chukwuemeka, Cesare Casadei, Alfie Gilchrist, Jimi Tauriainen.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Diogo Dalot, Raphael Varane, Harry Maguire, Aaron Wan-Bissaka; Casemiro, Kobbie Mainoo; Antony, Bruno Fernandes, Alejandro Garnacho; Rasmus Hojlund.
SUBS: Tom Heaton, Sofyan Amrabat, Mason Mount, Marcus Rashford, Christian Eriksen, Amad Diallo, Jonny Evans, Scott McTominay, Willy Kambwala.
Despite their disappointing draw with 10-man Burnley, Chelsea's starting XI is unchanged today, with Chalobah and Chukwuemeka returning to the bench. Left-back Ben Chilwell recently joined long-term absentees Wesley Fofana, Romeo Lavia, Christopher Nkunku and Reece James on the sidelines, but right-back Gusto has been passed fit to play.
There are three changes for Man United, as Erik ten Hag drops Rashford to the bench; Lindelof and McTominay also make way. Maguire joins Brazilian duo Casemiro and Antony in returning to the side. Lindelof and Lisandro Martinez both recently succumbed to the Red Devils' injury curse; Luke Shaw and Tyrell Malacia are also unavailable, but Evans is back on the bench today.
The players are out on the pitch at Stamford Bridge, and kick-off in this Premier League contest is now just moments away!
Chelsea kick off, and we are under way in London!
The opening throes are promisingly end-to-end, as Antony has a low shot blocked and then Chelsea briefly threaten United's area. Neither team are noted for their defensive solidity, so we could have some goals to entertain us today.
CHELSEA LEAD 1-0! Gallagher guides it home from near the penalty spot, and Onana just can't keep it out! Gusto's deflected cross from the right byline falls beautifully for Chelsea's captain, who side-foots it firmly into the back of the net! The hosts have taken an early lead at Stamford Bridge!
This setback is particularly bad news for Man United, who have a record of four losses from four when conceding the opener away from home in the Premier League this season.
Ten Hag looks on forlornly from the touchline, as his side try to provide a quick response to falling behind. Antony cuts inside in typical style but then shoots almost straight at Petrovic, who completes a straightforward save.
After Mudryk sees his 20-yard shot deflected behind for a corner, the visitors withstand another threat on their goal, ultimately clearing away any danger from the set-piece situation.
Antony again drives in from the right, but this time he lays it off for Hojlund just inside the area. The latter's pass to Garnacho invites a shot at goal, but the young winger's effort is charged down and Chelsea then clear their lines.
Gallagher scored after just 3:38, not only recording Chelsea's fastest goal in the Premier League this season but also their earliest against Man United since 2016. Will the skipper's strike set up a much-needed victory for the Blues today?
Palmer's corner from the left is only partially cleared, and after Gusto recycles the ball on the right, he tees up fellow full-back Cucurella. Using his weaker right foot, the Spanish star lashes his shot well over the crossbar, however.
Mainoo drops a dipping cross from the right perfectly into the path of Garnacho, who decides against taking a touch and instead volleys a first-time effort well wide of the target. The angle was too tight, really.
PENALTY FOR CHELSEA! Without much hesitation, the referee points to the spot! Antony clips Cucurella inside United's area, and a penalty is awarded to the hosts! The VAR quickly confirms it: what a chance to lead 2-0!
ICE-COLD COLE PALMER STRIKES AGAIN! Calmly sending Onana the wrong way from 12 yards, boyhood Manchester United fan strokes his spot-kick into the bottom-right corner! That's his 17th goal of a superb debut season for the Blues, who now lead 2-0! We're not even midway through the first half!
Having converted his seventh penalty in the Premier League this term, Palmer has now contributed to goals in each of his last six home games - scoring seven of his own and providing two assists. Surely he's bound for Euro 2024 with England?
Antony is aggrieved not to be awarded a corner, then unleashes a volley of abuse at the officials. He is not booked, though, before Palmer races up the other end and earns his team a free-kick around 25 yards from goal.
MISS! Arriving at the back post, having dropped out of Dalot's view, Disasi fails to take a good chance for Chelsea's third! He meets a cross from deep with a header, but it's guided just wide of the target!
Possession is equally split 50-50, and both teams have had six attempts on goal. Yet, Chelsea have converted two chances and are coasting towards the half-hour mark with a considerable advantage.
After Chelsea drive forward on the break, Jackson slips a throughball into the box, but Maguire steers Mudryk wide. From a very tight angle, the Ukraine international can only find the side-netting of Onana's goal.
Bruno Fernandes fails to find a team-mate with his corner from the right, before Dalot thumps an aimless pass straight out of play. The Chelsea fans enjoyed that, and everything is going their way at the moment.
The first yellow card of the game is flashed towards Gusto, who clearly brings down Garnacho not far outside Chelsea's area.
Though Bruno Fernandes can't quite pick out Varane from his free-kick, the ball then drops to Mainoo on the edge of Chelsea's area. He strikes it cleanly on the half-volley, but Petrovic is easily equal to it.
UNITED CLAW ONE BACK! And what a gift from Caicedo! The Chelsea midfielder presents the ball on a plate for Garnacho, who does not hesitate to streak forward towards the area and then coolly slot past Petrovic from 10 yards! The goalkeeper had no chance, and it's now just 2-1 to Chelsea! Man United are suddenly offered an unexpected route back into the game!
For a reckless tackle, Fernandez becomes the second player booked by the referee today.
Hojlund and Bruno Fernandes combine, then the latter lashes a first-time shot over the crossbar from just outside the area. The chances keep coming in this end-to-end encounter!
IT'S 2-2 AT THE BRIDGE! Manchester United have dragged themselves level! Onana starts a counter-attack that sees Bruno Fernandes drive forward from deep, then Antony and Garnacho combine to tee up Dalot's cross from the left. Bruno finally arrives at the back post to head in United's leveller! What a brilliant way to haul Chelsea back to parity!
At the end of a lovely team move, Dalot swings over a cross from the left for his compatriot Bruno Fernandes to score the fourth goal of this helter-skelter game.
SAVE! Onana has his palms stung by Mudryk, who drives at goal from 20 yards, as Chelsea seek to restore their lead! Their heads must be spinning now, having had a two-goal advantage just minutes ago!
Gallagher scuffs a low shot wide of the target by some distance, with Jackson on his heels in the area. The striker could perhaps have latched on to it, but the ball instead dribbles harmlessly wide.
Varane is clearly struggling with a muscular problem, and Evans has started warming up on the touchline, as rain drives down onto the Stamford Bridge turf. They may have fought their way back into this match, but it seems that Man United's injury curse has not yet lifted.
In the first minute of at least five added for stoppages, Gusto is caught offside, as Chelsea's full-backs continue to push forward in support of their forwards. Can the hosts nick another goal and restore their lead before the break?
Bruno Fernandes - who has now created 87 chances this season, more than any other player in the Premier League - is left limping and grimacing after a midfield challenge. He is able to continue, though, to Ten Hag's relief.
OFF THE POST! A cute reverse pass by Palmer opens up space for Gallagher to shoot from a tight angle on the right, and the Chelsea captain's powerful strike crashes back off the near post! Almost a fifth goal - what a fitting finale to this wide-open first half that would have been!
HALF-TIME: CHELSEA 2-2 MANCHESTER UNITED
A frantic first half draws to its close with the teams level, as Manchester United fight back from two goals down to make it 2-2 at the break. The Stamford Bridge faithful have been served some superb entertainment, as Chelsea become the first top-flight side to both score and concede two or more goals in six consecutive matches since the Blues did so themselves, way back in 1989. Gallagher set the tone early on, sweeping home from close range, before Palmer doubled the hosts' advantage from the spot. United were gifted a way back into the game when Caicedo teed up Garnacho, then Bruno Fernandes finished off a superb team move to draw the Red Devils level. There were several other chances besides, and we can only hope for more of the same during the second half.
Although they've shown great spirit to get back into this game, Manchester United have now faced 275 shots in all competitions in 2024 - the most of any club across Europe's top five leagues. Ten Hag's men can't afford to keep opening the door for Chelsea after the interval, or the points gap between the two teams will surely shorten.
Man United kick off, and we are back under way at Stamford bridge!
As Varane picked up another injury during the first half, he has not been able to return; Evans replaces him in central defence.
Maguire takes a shot at goal from inside the box, but his effort strays just over the crossbar, as Man United look to pick up where they left off at the end of the first half.
Now Chelsea attack, and Palmer plays a sharp one-two with Fernandez just inside the area; however, the latter's shot is blocked by substitute Evans.
Fernandez controls a pass and, from the edge of the area, thumps a shot at goal, but it's blocked by Evans and is ultimately cleared. It remains a wide-open encounter in west London.
SAVE! Chelsea continue to threaten and Jackson takes aim this time. However, Onana is equal to it.
United counter at the other end and Fernandes tries his luck, but the left-footed effort is always rising.
Chelsea are almost victims of their own downfall as Disasi's poor pass towards Caicedo is intercepted and Hojlund charges towards goal. However, the hosts manage to recover enough to put him off.
GREAT SAVE! Palmer cuts inside and takes aim from the edge of the box. However, Onana is alert and does well to tip his fierce drive over the crossbar.
There is a concern for United as Wan-Bissaka stays down following a Chelsea corner. Thankfully for the hosts, though, the full-back eventually returns to his feet.
There is activity on the United bench with Kambwala and Rashford getting stripped off ready to enter the action.
It just needed a touch! Picking up the ball on the right wing, Antony drives into the Chelsea area and pokes the ball across the six-yard box. Unfortunately for him, none of his team-mates are on the same wavelength and Chelsea survive.
Only on as a substitute for the injured Varane, Evans must now be replaced. Kambwala is sent on by a beleaguered Ten Hag.
Rashford is also introduced, with Hojlund making way.
GARNACHO!!! 3-2 UNITED! THE COMEBACK IS COMPLETE! Garnacho scores, but he owes a huge debt of gratitude to Antony. As the visitors counter, the Brazil international produces a delicious ball with the outside of his left boot, and Garnacho beats Petrovic to head home.
Antony produced one of the best assists of the season, picking out Garnacho with a sensational pass using the outside of his left foot.
With a delicious outside-of-the-foot pass that sets up United's third goal, Antony has finally assisted his first goal in the Premier League this term. That makes up for conceding the penalty. What have Chelsea got left in the tank - can they get back into this?
Pochettino reacts by sending on two substitutes: first, Mudryk is replaced by Sterling in the final third.
Chukwuemeka will bolster Chelsea's midfield, as Caicedo - who accidentally triggered Man United's fightback by teeing up Garnacho's first goal - is withdrawn.
Palmer strikes at goal from a free-kick, but his shot is comfortably dealt with by Onana. Chelsea will be looking to their top scorer to bail them out of trouble.
Chelsea make more changes, as they try to turn the tide. Gusto is replaced by Gilchrist.
Chalobah comes on for Disasi.
Casemiro's race is run, too, and McTominay will join United's midfield.
Chelsea are applying pressure, but after the home side win a corner on the left, Gilchrist heads well over the crossbar from near the penalty spot. Man United are on the back foot now.
Mainoo blocks Palmer's firm strike from 20 yards out, before McTominay takes a clattering in midfield. The free-kick goes Chelsea's way, and they will have a chance to load the ball into the box from out wide.
The home side are still on top, but their final ball lacks precision. Twice, Sterling fails to unlock the door, which United are trying to bolt shut. It's been more like a basketball game today, but now play is heading in one direction only.
Wan-Bissaka covers across from full-back, blocking out the progress of Chukwuemeka towards the area. United are showing great commitment to the cause here, but can they hold on?
Cucurella wins a corner on the left, which Palmer delivers towards the penalty spot. After some head-tennis in United's area, the ball is cleared away to relative safety. That will allow Ten Hag to make another substitution.
Arriving to a chorus of boos, Chelsea academy product Mount is introduced to Manchester United's midfield; Garnacho departs, having become the first teenager to score two or more goals in three Premier League matches during any season since Michael Owen in 1998-99.
Maguire partly clears the danger, before Mainoo dives in to block an attempted shot by Chukwuemeka, who delays just too long before taking aim at Onana's goal. It's all Chelsea - can they make this pressure pay and snatch a late point?
Madueke is now sent on, as Chelsea captain Gallagher leaves the pitch to warm applause.
Just moments after leaving the bench, Madueke arrives on the right side of the area before firing straight at Onana from 15 yards out. There will be at least eight minutes added at the end of this absorbing contest, so plenty of time for either side to score again - perhaps more than once!
Manchester United are enjoying a rare spell of possession in Chelsea territory, and the away fans can be heard celebrating the completion of each pass. This is the best way of protecting their advantage, and the Red Devils are just minutes away from sealing a remarkable victory.
United's last shot was Garnacho's goal in the 67th minute, and they are now prioritising possession. As the rain hammers down in west London, Chelsea are looking ever more frustrated.
PENALTY FOR CHELSEA! The hosts will have a last-gasp chance to level it! Dalot is too tired to keep pace with the fresh-legged Madueke, falls over and trips his opponent in the area. A lengthy review confirms the decision! What a climax to this incredible game!
IT'S 3-3 AT STAMFORD BRIDGE!!! A fitting conclusion to what has been a chaotic encounter! Palmer again sends Onana the wrong way from 12 yards, slotting his second penalty into the bottom-right corner! That brings Chelsea level on 100 minutes, after they'd thrown away a two-goal advantage!
CHELSEA STEAL ALL THREE POINTS!!! What a way to end it! Boyhood Manchester United fan Palmer completes his hat-trick! Shortly after Chukwuemeka has a shot blocked wide for a corner, the free-scoring Chelsea forward is left unmarked on the edge of the area. Found by Fernandez, he lashes it home via a big deflection off McTominay! It's now 4-3 to the Blues, who led 2-0 and then trailed 3-2!
Following a late corner, Fernandez finds Palmer, who finishes off Chelsea's superb stoppage-time comeback.
Already substituted, a relieved Caicedo is booked for over-celebrating Chelsea's late winner.
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 4-3 MANCHESTER UNITED
Yellow Card Jacob Harry Maguire
One of the most remarkable games of this - or any - Premier League season reaches an incredible crescendo, as Palmer strikes twice in second-half stoppage time to earn Chelsea a 4-3 victory at Stamford Bridge. His hat-trick goal was the latest winner ever scored in the Premier League era. The hosts had already let slip a two-goal advantage, as Manchester United made the most of their chances to lead approaching full-time, with Garnacho bagging another brace and Bruno Fernandes finishing a fine team move. Chelsea have both scored and conceded in 20 different league games this season and have done so in each of their last eight - their longest such run since 2017 - but they emerged from the chaos to take maximum points and draw closer to Man United in the standings. Now inside the top half, the buoyant Blues visit Sheffield United on Sunday, when United will face title contenders Liverpool at Old Trafford. That's all from today's live coverage, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of Newcastle United v Everton.
Newcastle are on a four-match unbeaten run and looking to build on their late season momentum, having come from 3-1 down to beat West Ham 4-3 at the weekend. The hosts are in eighth place on 43 points, trailing fifth-placed Aston Villa by 13 points for a Europa League spot. They’ve only lost three times at home this season, while their record against Everton will give them further confidence: the Magpies have won five of their last seven meetings. A win today would see them leapfrog West Ham into sixth place.
Everton are desperate to bring a halt to a grim run of results, and will likely take inspiration from the fact that their only win in eight midweek Premier League matches was a 3-0 victory over Newcastle in the reverse fixture. The Toffees sit 16th in the Premier League, just three points above the drop zone, and are winless in their last 12 Premier League games – their longest league run without a victory since 1957 – including their last seven on the road. A win today would see them complete the league double over the Magpies for the first time since 2017-18, and take them above Brentford into 15th.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Martin Dubravka; Emil Krafth, Fabian Schar, Dan Burn, Lewis Hall; Sean Longstaff, Bruno Guimaraes; Elliot Anderson, Jacob Murphy, Alexander Isak, Harvey Barnes.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Paul Dummett, Matt Ritchie, Lorius Karius, Joe Willock, Mark Gillespie, Joe White, Amadou Diallo, Alex Murphy, Ben Parkinson.
EVERTON (4-4-1-1): Jordan Pickford; Ben Godfrey, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite, Vitalii Mykolenko; Ashley Young, Idrissa Gueye, Amadou Onana, Dwight McNeil; Abdoulaye Doucoure; Beto.
EVERTON SUBS: Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Jack Harrison, Joao Virginia, Andre Gomes, Seamus Coleman, Youssef Chermiti, James Garner.
Substitute Harvey Barnes’ brace at the weekend is rewarded with a start for Newcastle tonight, while Emil Krafth, Lewis Hall and Elliot Anderson also come into the starting XI. Anthony Gordon won’t be able to face his former club as he serves a one-match ban. In another blow to the Magpies’ injury-stricken season, captain Jamaal Lascelles tore his ACL in that same match and will be out for up to nine months, while Miguel Almiron and Tino Livramento, also injured on Saturday, miss out on the squad too.
Everton boss Sean Dyche makes four changes from their midweek loss to Bournemouth, as Beto, Ashley Young, Vitalii Mykolenko – who has recovered from an illness - and Idrissa Gueye come in for Seamus Coleman, James Garner, Jack Harrison and Dominic Calvert-Lewin. Forwards Arnaut Danjuma and Lewis Dobbin are again set to miss out due to injuries.
The teams are out on the pitch and we’re about to get underway!
KICK-OFF: NEWCASTLE UNITED V EVERTON. Everton get us going - to an immediate chorus of boos from St James' Park.
Everton already under pressure! Newcastle with an early press up the pitch, but Barnes - replacing the suspended Gordon - can't quite get a touch on it. Isak then tries to tee up Barnes again but Pickford gets the block.
Branthwaite makes an interception at the back and Everton break. Young chips the ball over the Magpies defence but there's no one in the box to take advantage. Newcastle are enjoying most of the possession at the moment.
Barnes and Anderson link up well in the box but Everton - tripping up Barnes in the process - get it under control and break. A long ball from Pickford falls to Doucoure but his first strike from the edge of the box soars over the bar!
Every touch by an Everton player is greeted with deafening boos from the fortress that is St James' Park. Krafth just clips Beto before he can get the ball. Free-kick to Everton about 20 yards out...
Huge missed chance for Everton! McNeil's free-kick falls to Tarkowski, who nods it over the top from five yards out! That was a great chance squandered by the visitors...
Everton on the break! McNeil makes an excellent run through acres of space, Godfrey delivers it to Young in the box, but Newcastle defend it well. No corner for the visitors.
Krafth crosses to Isak in the box but Branthwaite is there to make the clearance. It goes out for a Newcastle corner - Hall swings it in to Guimaraes, who takes a touch, but it's too far over and Everton clear it safely.
This has been fairly even so far, with both sides fancying their chances on the break but yet to find a way through. Murphy sends a brilliant cross in Barnes' direction a few yards off the far post, but Godfrey wins their aerial duel and it's out for a Newcastle corner.
Pickford's long ball was expertly taken apart by Newcastle and Barnes already has an assist to his name, his through-ball soaring past the Everton defence and finding Isak.
GOOOAAAALLLL! Newcastle are 1-0 ahead and it's Alexander Isak once again, his 19th this season! The through-ball soars over Tarkowski and Isak weaves his way expertly past Branthwaite to slot it in the bottom corner, way out of Pickford's reach. The Toon goes wild!
Newcastle pressing again, Hall ducking and diving through the defence but Onana clears it. Beto goes sprawling on the turf after a challenge by Burn.
All Newcastle now! Onana slides in on Anderson driving down the left, and the Newcastle man goes down and wins a free-kick.
There's a brief pause in play for the players to break their Ramadan fast.
Everton have been a lot more subdued since going behind. The hosts are controlling the game, with 66% of the possession, and looking much more dangerous.
Anderson and Guimaraes get in each other's way a little in midfield. Anderson tries to get into space and wins a free kick after getting shoved over, near the Newcastle box.
Anderson drives down the centre and squares it to Barnes, but there's a sea of blue shirts in the box to block and after a bit of pinball Everton head it clear.
Massive chance for Murphy! Everton are camped out in their box and Murphy takes his chance to sprint through and have a shot from range - but it fizzes over the bar! Newcastle have had six attempts now to Everton's two and are bringing all the intensity.
Now Beto has a go for the visitors! He gets into a good position but his shot from the edge of the box is miles off target. Sean Dyche does not look impressed.
Guimaraes and Gueye get in an elaborate tangle and the Brazilian hauls him over, giving away a free kick in the centre. Nothing comes of it and Barnes attempts to break, but Everton regain possession - Beto tries to cut it back, possibly for Doucoure, but his accuracy is way off again and Newcastle recover it easily.
Isak's attempt to pass to Barnes down the left, frustrated by the Everton midfield, is greeted with appreciation by the crowd. Their star man has now scored in each of his last five Premier League home games, the first player to do so since Yoan Gouffran in 2013.
Everton once again are asleep at the back as Isak and Anderson again combine dangerously in the box, but Godfrey makes a great clearance to save their blushes. The resulting corner is flicked over by Burn for an Everton goal-kick.
Barnes makes another electric run down the left but Tarkowski arrests it and concedes a throw-in. In another worrying sight for Eddie Howe, Hall is down on the pitch, holding onto his ribs. Medical staff are on the pitch - is this yet another injury setback for the Magpies?
Play resumes. Guimaraes and Anderson wrestle with Everton over a corner and the latter goes down courtesy of Doucoure. Everton have possession now, but McNeil's ball goes nowhere.
Beto gets a talking to for a lunge on Krafth. Still no yellow cards in this game despite some feisty challenges. Hall is back up and appears to be moving well.
Chance for Everton! Doucoure finds some space in the box and has a good attempt, but Dubravka jumps and gets his gloves to it. That's the most positive Everton have looked all game!
Huge stop by Pickford! After a calmer period of Newcastle possession the ball falls to Barnes at the far left - he gets it around Pickford, who's off his line, but no one can get a decent touch on it. Murphy then has a go himself and the Everton goalkeeper sticks out a leg to keep it out!
Four added minutes here at St James' Park.
Huge chance for Newcastle and Isak almost has a second! He glides through the defence and has a glorious chance to put the hosts 2-0 up, but it floats just over the bar.
Murphy swings in a cross and Pickford does well to collect just a couple of yards out from goal!
HALF-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 1-0 EVERTON.
Newcastle are 1-0 up at the break! Both sides have had chances, but the hosts - roared on by the crowd - have looked much the brighter, led by star player Isak, who showed his worth with a brilliant strike in the opening 15 minutes. The Magpies have controlled the game well, with 62 per cent of possession compared to Everton's 38, and an xG of 1.37 to the Toffees' 0.47.
Everton need to turn this around quickly, and while they've threatened on the break, Newcastle haven't looked too troubled by their efforts so far. Worryingly for the visitors, they haven't won any of their last 25 Premier League games when trailing at half-time. They also failed to have a shot on target in that entire half - let's see if Dyche's half-time pep talk has any effect...
KICK-OFF: NEWCASTLE UNITED 1-0 EVERTON. Second half underway!
No changes at the break. Everton nick possession early on and Young hoofs a cross in towards Beto, but it doesn't quite find the target. A minute later Beto goes down in the box thanks to a shirt-pull by Schar but the ref is stone-faced to his appeals.
Almost a very embarrassing moment for Everton! Newcastle have a corner and the box is rammed. Tarkowski tries to clear but kicks it backwards onto his own post! It bounces away but wow, that could have been a disastrous start to this half!
Branthwaite chucks a long ball in the vague direction of Doucoure, approaching a near-empty Newcastle box, but Everton don't have the pace at the moment to make anything of it.
Guimaraes opts to leave a ball in his own penalty area and Beto launches towards it, sliding it on an approaching Dubravka. The keeper gets to it without much hassle but seems to clip his gloves on the Everton man in the process. Further up the pitch, Burn shoves McNeil over and concedes a free-kick.
Pickford takes the free-kick and sends it flying down towards the Newcastle box but the danger is cleared easily. Everton have a corner...
McNeil chips in the corner but it's rather flat and is cleared away. Everton have come out more strongly in this half, offering more in the opposition box. Tarkowski fires in a long ball but Onana, surrounded by Newcastle defenders, can't get his head to it and it sails behind.
Newcastle take a free kick, Isak squares the pass cutely to Dan Burn and the 6'7" centre-back fires it home! But wait... It's gone to VAR... They're checking for an offside on Isak.
Decision made: Burn's goal is chalked off. Isak was leaning just a fraction too far forward beyond the Everton defence.
Dyche decides now is the time to make some changes. Doucoure is replaced by Gomes.
Onana comes off for James Garner.
And a final change for Everton: the misfiring Beto is replaced by Dominic Calvert-Lewin. The latter hasn't scored in 23 games: can he break that streak here and get his side back in it?
Everton enjoy a spell of possession but Newcastle break! Pickford comes out to see to a long ball.
Calvert-Lewin jumps for a cross but Dubravka gets there first and catches!
Almost an equaliser for Everton! Garner - who has come on full of energy - spins on the ball and fires a brilliant first-time shot, but it bounces off the inside of the post! Huge, huge chance for Everton.
Chance after chance for Newcastle! It's absolute madness in the Everton box, Pickford is nowhere to be seen but Everton defend with their lives and Mykolenko clears Isak's shot just off the line - how is this still 1-0?! Barnes now fires another shot clear over the bar from a Krafth cross!
End-to-end stuff at the moment, Everton really energised by their substitutions. Mykolenko attempts to pass to McNeil in the box but Krafth knocks it out for an corner. It's floated to the back post, out to a central position where Young is waiting - but his fierce attempt is blocked by a defender.
Eddie Howe decides now is the time to make a change. Anderson is replaced by Joe Willock.
Schar slides in on Mykolenko to stop him advancing on goal. Everton are really ramping up the pressure now, Newcastle know their lead is slim and they can't sit this one out.
Longstaff does well to rob Garner of the ball and set up Willock on the break. Isak dances through the defence and passes to Barnes, but his effort is well saved by Pickford.
Godfrey knocks the ball behind and Newcastle have a corner. It's getting a bit feisty - Burn and Branthwaite are pushing and shoving each other in the box. Murphy's ball in is booted clear by Gomes.
Calvert-Lewin sprints forward in acres of space but with no-one to pass to in the box, he takes too much time and Burn gets to him and takes out the danger. Dummett looks to be readying himself - Hall is down on the turf again so may be about to be replaced.
Hall is indeed coming off, replaced by Paul Dummett, making a rare appearance.
Into the last 11 minutes. In the reverse fixture Everton scored three goals in that time - is this game going to have an equally dramatic end?
The first yellow of the game goes to Tarkowski for stepping on the back of Murphy's heel.
Another change for Everton: Portuguese youngster Youssef Chermiti replaces Gueye.
Chermiti's first action of the game is to trip up Krafth. Murphy is limping around, testing his heel - that looked like it hurt. Burn makes an excellent challenge to halt Chermiti's run on goal in its tracks.
Guimaraes boots a shot way over the bar. Late drama: VAR are checking for a possible penalty for Everton down the other end... Dummett hauled down Young by the neck in the box with the ball nowhere in sight. Could the visitors get a lifeline here?
Tony Harrington is being called to the screen...
PENALTY GIVEN! Everton DO get a lifeline! The ball is going nowhere near Young and Dummett, with his arm round his neck, hauls him down regardless. Calvert-Lewin to take - can he end his goal drought here and revitalise his season?
GOOOOAAAALLLL! Calvert-Lewin scores a penalty to make it 1-1! His powerful spot-kick clatters off Dubvraka's hand and into the back of the net - it's a huge, huge moment for Everton, is the comeback? Huge for Calvert-Lewin as well, his first goal in 23 games.
Another change from Everton, looking to capitalise on that equaliser. Godfrey is replaced by Seamus Coleman.
There will be NINE MINUTES of added time. Newcastle pushing...
Schar takes down Calvert-Lewin near the sideline, who goes flying straight into the Toffees manager. Seconds later Everton have a corner.
Tarkowski and Calvert-Lewin were both well-positioned to receive that but the whistle blew for some argy-bargy in the box.
Longstaff and Isak both in the Everton box trying to get a decent touch but Garner is there to marshal the defence. Both sides are pushing for a winner here with the St James' crowd roaring their players on. It deflects out for a Newcastle corner...
Murphy takes but the whistle blows - possibly before the corner was taken - as Burn shoves over Branthwaite. It's getting scrappy in the box and Tarkowski is remonstrating with the ref, annoyed at having to set up again.
Murphy takes it again, Burn and Branthwaite are - again - grappling in the box, but it's cleared out. Someone looked to have gone down in the box but the ref isn't interested.
Chermiti receives a yellow for a challenge on Schar.
Guimaraes takes the free kick and floats it towards Burn; Chermiti wins it back, Guimaraes is there once again and McNeil sees yellow for taking him down.
Guimaraes takes the free-kick, Branthwaite knocks it clear, and after a bit of pinball it comes into the hands of Pickford.
And that's the last action of the game!
FULL-TIME: NEWCASTLE UNITED 1-1 EVERTON.
What a breathless end to that half! It ends 1-1, but Newcastle will be ruing that as a missed opportunity when they should have put the game to bed in a dominant first half. A glorious solo strike by Isak put the hosts in front after just 15 minutes, and he should have had a second shortly before the half-time whistle. But Everton, who had been flat since going behind, regrouped at the break and some inspired substitutions made the second half altogether more competitive. This was a game largely decided by two substitutes: Dummett, making a rare appearance for Newcastle, hacked down Young in the box and conceded a penalty, and Everton sub Calvert-Lewin - who has scored more goals against Newcastle, six, than any other side - levelled from the spot with his first goal since October. Newcastle had 60 per cent possession and an xG of 1.42 compared to the Toffees' 0.44, but couldn't capitalise, and Everton come away with a crucial point in their battle to avoid the drop. Thanks for reading!
Hello and welcome to the live coverage of Liverpool’s Premier League game against Sheffield United!
It is over to you Liverpool! Arsenal and Manchester City both picked up wins yesterday and it means the Reds dropped to second in the Premier League. It is a difficult job to call the Premier League title, but if Liverpool win all their games they will be crowned champions and in the league it is something Liverpool often do. They have only lost once in the Premier League in 2024, and that was against the Gunners but this time the pressure is on Jurgen Klopp’s men if they want to return to the top.
Sheffield United’s season has been the polar opposite of their opponents, they have had a disastrous season and find themselves 10 points adrift, albeit with two games in hand. One of them is tonight and looking at how 2024 has treated them it could be a challenging evening. They have one once, although a second victory was close at the weekend against Fulham. They went 3-1 up but a last-gasp overhead kick from Rodrigo Muniz meant the points were shared. It was a heartbreaking result but can they bounce back in spectacular fashion tonight?
LIVERPOOL (4-3-3): Caoimhin Kelleher; Conor Bradley, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil Van Dijk, Joe Gomez; Dominik Szoboszlai, Alexis Mac Allister, Ryan Gravenberch; Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez, Luis Diaz.
SUBSTITUTES: Adrian, Bobby Clark, Jayden Danns, Harvey Elliott, Cody Gakpo, Curtis Jones, Jarell Quansah, Andy Robertson, Kostas Tsimikas.
SHEFFIELD UNITED (3-5-2): Ivo Grbic; Mason Holgate, Anel Ahmedhodzic, Auston Trusty; Jayden Bogle, Vini Souza, Ollie Arblaster, Gustavo Hamer, Jack Robinson; James McAtee, Ben Brereton Diaz.
SUBSTITUTES: Andre Brooks, Sam Curtis, Wes Foderingham, Yasser Larouci, Oli McBurnie, Oliver Norwood, Ben Osborn, William Osula, Anis Ben Slimane.
Many managers took this midweek round of fixtures to rest some players, but Klopp hasn’t done that. He has gone full strength, or as much as he can anyway. The obvious absentees are Trent Alexander-Arnold and Alisson, but Bradley and Kelleher have been great when called upon. In fact Kelleher would feel hard done by if he had to return to the bench, but that is the life of a back-up goalkeeper. Salah is having another fine season and he is one of two players who is in the top ten for goals and assists, so United’s left side will have a busy evening for sure.
One of Sheffield United’s best performers arrived in January. Brereton Diaz is on loan from Villareal and he ranks third for goals and assists contributed in this side, he has four goals and an assist only McBurnie and Hamer top that. Talk about an instant impact! He is up against Van Dijk and Konate, who he recently faced in Chile’s friendly against France. He didn’t have much joy then but maybe that will change in this match.
Anfield in April is a scary proposition, they haven’t lost in this month at home since 2017, Sheffield United have a tough ask to break that run but they have drawn their last two games so maybe they can bring a new-found confidence into the match. Anyway, we will find out shortly.  Kick-off is moments away.
Stuart Attwell blows his whistle and we are underway at Anfield!
WHAT A CHANCE! A long throw-in causes all sorts of problems for Liverpool and McAtee connects with the flick-on but is denied by Kelleher.
It has been a lively start so far, United have taken the game to Liverpool early on and it seems to have caught Liverpool by surprise.
A bit of a break in play here. As Gravenberch and Vini Souza clash, it looks like they are both okay.
Grbic slaps Gomez's cross away straight to Salah, which is something you don't want to do, and the Egyptian attempts to loft it over the keeper but he does well to recover and make the save.
After a frantic start, Liverpool are just keeping hold of the ball for the first time in the game. Sheffield United are defending well for now.
Liverpool work the ball to Bradley well and he fires a ball into United's box. Holgate is there and he doesn't mess around smashing it out for a throw-in.
It could be a long 90 minutes for Sheffield United, they have defended resoundingly so far and Salah has to opt to shoot from distance but it goes nowhere near the target.
Konate tries to go more direct into Salah but it is slightly over hit and Grbic comes over and picks up the ball.
GOAAAL! WHAT A SLICE OF LUCK! Grbic won't want to see that again. He dawdles on the ball which allows Nunez to close him down and the keeper whacks it against the striker and it bobbles in. It was a gift but Nunez didn't care, he ran off in celebration like he scored a worldie. It is 1-0 to Liverpool and they return to the top of the table for now.
Sheffield United have now conceded 78 goals in the Premier League, which is the most they have conceded in the top flight since 1975-76. I doubt they would have conceded an easier goal than that, Wilder wouldn't have been happy.
Nunez is proving to be a handful today. He somehow gets past multiple Sheffield United defenders and fires a shot towards Grbic but this time he matches the effort.
The Blades can't get out at all, one of the five defenders wins the ball back, then has a look up but can't find a teammate so hit it long. It is going to be a tiring 65 minutes if this continues.
There is a break in play to allow players to break their fast.
We are back to the action and United have a rare flurry forward which ends with McAtee taking a free-kick that goes straight into the hands of Kelleher.
As Sheffield United try to stop Liverpool's constant waves of attack you can hear Chris Wilder barking instructions to his team. They have been good so far, bar a severe stroke of misfortune.
SO CLOSE! Diaz lays the ball off to Mac Allister, he then takes a touch and strikes the ball that flashes past the post. He has scored from a similar distance this season and it wasn't far off.
Liverpool are hardly having to exert themselves on the ball. They are just finding a teammate with ease although it hasn't resulted in loads of clear-cut chances.
If you didn't know the Liverpool formation you would wonder why Konate has found himself in a wide position. The Reds have been so fluid in the opening half, with Gomez especially popping up in all sorts of positions. The Blades are struggling to keep hold of their men.
WOW! Diaz showed great skill to get past Bogle and then find Gravenberch. He decided to shoot and it went straight into Grbic's hands, and with Nunez waiting in a dangerous position, he wasn't too happy he didn't receive the pass.
A little bit of late pressure from Sheffield United. Liverpool manage to deal with it at first but then Ahmedhodzic was found behind the Reds' defence but the Bosnian was offside.
Diaz cuts in from the left-hand side and fizzes a shot after finding space, but it goes past Grbic's goal.
KELLEHER SAVES! Brereton Diaz flicks the ball through to Bogle, who hits a fierce effort into the bottom corner but his shot is met by a strong Kelleher hand.
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 1-0 SHEFFIELD UNITED
Liverpool lead and it wasn't without a huge stroke of luck. Grbic whacks his clearance against the on-rushing Nunez and it rolls into the back of the net. The Reds' dominance makes the deserved leaders, but Grbic hasn't been tasted with much difficulty just yet. In fact, Kelleher had to make the first save, and it was vital to deny McAtee's close-range effort in the opening minute. The Blades have struggled to get out of their half, but when they have they look threatening, but Liverpool are in control as expected.
It is a worry for Wilder that whenever Liverpool up the tempo his side struggles to handle them, but the home side haven't been able to do that on too many occasions with long shots often being a likely source of many of their efforts. United have shown glimpses but they need a more dominant focal point who can help them relieve a bit of the pressure if they want to really take the game to Liverpool. For now, Wilder will be happy, just as long as there isn't another calamitous mistake.
We are back underway here with Liverpool leading but only slightly. Can Sheffield United spoil the party in the second half?
Gomez is still searching for his first-ever senior goal. He must get sick of people telling him that, but he tries to break that run of 253 games without a goal by shooting from the edge of the box but he drags it and it goes wide. The wait continues.
Salah was well marshalled before the break, and he has his first sight of goal in the second period. He set himself up and then struck a volley but again Grbic isn't tested too much and collects with ease.
Hamer sets Brereton Diaz on his way, but the Chilean is on his own and he runs into Konate. It was a poor run and he didn't fancy taking on Konate, who dealt with it easily.
Hamer has a free-kick on the right side of the area. He decides to shoot and it was creeping into the bottom left corner but the lack of power allowed Kelleher to come across.
This second half hasn't helped the atmosphere at Anfield. It has become a nervy, anxious crowd and they were probably a bit more expectant of a result. Sheffield United aren't giving in though and the longer it goes on, the better it is for the Blades.
GOAL! SHEFFIELD UNITED ARE LEVEL! IT IS 1-1! After the goal they conceded in the first half, it is time for the Blades to get a bit of fortune. Hamer creeps around the back of Bradley and heads it against the full-back who nutmegs his keeper, and it is a massive goal.
Klopp has made a big call here. He has replaced Salah with Elliott, let's see if he can get Liverpool back in front.
Klopp also turns to Robertson, and he replaces Gravenberch, which means Gomez might go into midfield.
Wilder also makes a batch of changes. Hamer injured himself in the equaliser and he comes off for Osborn.
There is also a new look attack here, with Osula making his way on the pitch in the place of Brereton Diaz.
McAtee had a great chance in the opening minute, but couldn't really leave his mark on the game and is replaced by McBurnie.
WHAT A SAVE! Parts of the Anfield crowd jump up and cheer as Van Dijk's header goes towards goal, but Grbic gets down well to parry it away. The cheers quickly disappeared.
Sheffield United aren't holding onto the draw and have found themselves having more joy against Liverpool's backline. Although they have to be wary of Liverpool and Ahmedhodzic gets a vital touch on the ball to get it out of the way of Diaz.
Trusty goes down after a tussle with Van Dijk. It did look like the Dutchman grabbed him by the throat, but he got away with it.
With Liverpool still struggling to open Sheffield United up, Klopp makes more substitutes. Gakpo enters the pitch for Gomez.
Jones also gets 17 minutes to make an impact as he replaces Szoboszlai. Time is ticking by and can these subs be the difference?
WHAT A CHANCE! Elliott lofts a ball towards the back post, where Robertson is rushing in. The Scot gets good contact on the ball but it fires past Grbic's goal. It has been their best opportunity in a while.
Not much praise can go to Diaz here, it was all about the strike from Mac Allister. That is one way to send your side back to the Premier League summit.
OH WOW! IT IS AN ABSOLUTE CRACKER AND LIVERPOOL GO AHEAD 2-1! Alexis Mac Allister with the strike and it has a huge implication on the title race. He catches a loose ball and sends an unsavable shot from the edge of the area, into the top corner. Liverpool lead the table again.
Wilder responds to that setback with a change, Brooks is coming on for Trusty.
Liverpool regain control of this game, and Gakpo is there waiting for the ball to fall to him but he shoots over. It is a really poor effort. He could have added some comfort to the score.
OFF THE CROSSBAR! Mac Allister is fancying it now. He is full of confidence, as he hits another clean free-kick and it crashes off the crossbar. Grbic could do little about it again, luckily the woodwork rescues him.
McBurnie picks up a yellow card, and it is an easy decision. He elbows Konate and when Attwell shows him the card he can't really complain. He still did though.
A defensive substitution here. Holgate makes way for Slimane and he may have a lot of work to do in the final few moments of this match.
IT IS A THIRD! GAME OVER! Cody Gakpo makes it 3-1 and Liverpool are finishing this game in style. The Dutchman is there waiting to nod in Robertson's cross and he gets enough power to beat Grbic. It is a great finish. Liverpool should be home and dry now.
It is a great cross from Robertson, who has been so lively since coming on. He picks the ball up and like we are all used to seeing, he finds a teammate who gets the important third goal.
There is a big chunk of added time here. Seven minutes and it looks like Liverpool might want to get one more goal here.
Robertson walks over to take the corner, although he can't match his recent delivery and it is well-cleared by Sheffield United.
Klopp has managed to rescue this game, and the subs he has made have been so impressive. Especially Gakpo who has had a difficult spell recently. That goal will do him the world of good, and at the right moment for Liverpool's sake.
Nunez could have made it four. He does well to win the header but it has no control and it flies over the bar.
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 3-1 SHEFFIELD UNITED
Liverpool get the job done and return to the top of the Premier League, but at times in this game that didn't look likely. Nunez created his own luck to chase down Grbic and block his clearance that rolled into the empty net and for the majority of the half Liverpool dominated. Although in the second half, Bradley's own goal provided a scare to Liverpool fans, and until the 76th minute the Reds struggled to find a way through, despite the xG being 1.65 - 0.59 in their favour. Mac Allister scored a goal that deserved to win the game, and a title potentially whacking a fierce strike into the very top corner of Grbic's goal. He could do nothing about it, and Cody Gakpo secured the victory late on and ensured Liverpool weren't to lose chase on Arsenal. With only eight league games remaining in Klopp's Liverpool career, they are currently the front runners, and are two points clear. Thanks for joining us and goodbye1
Hello and welcome to our LIVE coverage of this Premier League fixture between Manchester City and Aston Villa at the Etihad Stadium!
A goalless draw with title rivals Arsenal at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday left City three points adrift of Premier League leaders Liverpool in third with only nine games left to play in what is shaping up as a thrilling tussle for first place. Having drawn with the Reds in their previous fixture before the Arsenal stalemate, City will be keen to get back to winning ways here tonight.
Villa managed to upset the odds to defeat Pep Guardiola's men in the reverse fixture back on December 6 with Leon Bailey's effort securing a 1-0 win. At the time, it looked as though Unai Emery's side were gearing for an unlikely tilt at the title themselves but their ambitions now are more focused on securing fourth spot and guaranteeing a spot in next season's Champions League.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-2-3-1) - Stefan Ortega; Rico Lewis, Ruben Dias, Manuel Akanji, Josko Gvardiol; Rodri, Bernardo Silva; Jeremy Doku, Phil Foden, Jack Grealish; Julian Alvarez
MANCHESTER CITY SUBS: Scott Carson, John Stones, Mateo Kovacic, Erling Haaland, Kevin De Bruyne, Sergio Gomes, Matheus Nunes, Oscar Bobb, Mahamadou Susoho
ASTON VILLA (4-4-2) Emiliano Martinez; Ezri Konsa, Diego Carlos, Clement Lenglet, Lucas Digne; Nicolo Zaniolo, Tim Iroegbunam, Douglas Luiz, Morgan Rogers; Jhon Duran, Moussa Diaby
ASTON VILLA SUBS: Robin Olsen, Youri Tielemans, Paul Torres, Alex Moreno, Calum Chambers, Joe Gauci, Kaine Kesler-Hayden, Leon Bailey, Omari Kellyman
The headline news for City is that Haaland and De Bruyne drop to the bench with Kovavic, while Ake is out injured. Grealish, Doku, Alvarez and Lewis all come in as Guardiola makes four changes. Emery swaps out five including the injured Ollie Watkins (hamstring). Torres, Moreno, Tielemans and Bailey also drop out as Digne, Lenglet, Zaniolo, Duran and Iroegbunam come in.
HUGE update for Aston Villa, who are forced into a late change. Goalkeeper Martinez is out with illness, meaning Olsen deputises in goal for the World Cup winner.
Darren England blows on his whistle and we are underway at the Etihad!
Zaniolo earns his side a very early corner that Luiz, captain for Villa this evening, goes over to take but City deal with it with ease.
Ooooft close for City! The boos ring out from the away end as former Villa favourite Grealish picks up the ball on the left. The England forward drives forward, clips a ball into Alvarez, who fires into the side-netting on the half-volley. An early sighter from the hosts.
Grealish has looked dangerous on a couple of occasions already as City look to take a foothold in the early goings here.
There was a bit of concern for Villa as Duran went down. With Watkins already out they really don't want to lose their back-up striker as well. But he gets up in the end.
Grealish is getting relentlessly booed from the visiting fans (seems a strange one given he earned the club around £100million but there we go...) but he is looking a proper threat in these exchanges. He finds Rodri, who takes a left-foot effort from 20 yards but it wasn't a clean strike and Olsen gathers easily.
GOOOOOOOOOOAL! City have the lead and it's absolutely lovely from the hosts. Foden slips an excellent ball into the right flank for Doku, who cuts it back for Rodri - who had made an excellent run into the area - to fire high into the roof of the goal. There is a VAR check but Doku is onside and the hosts are 1-0 ahead!
Doku gets the assist with a lovely cut-back but there was so much more to admire. Foden's through-ball, Rodri's run, all just glorious from City.
Right then, what do Villa have in terms of a riposte? A Digne long throw causes the briefest moment of panic, but they'll need to do more to cause City trouble.
Ooft, it's offside but that was a bit better from Villa. Luiz lofted an excellent ball into the area, Duran watched it over his shoulder and volleyed on the stretch to force Ortega into the save. The flag was raised but encouragement there for the away side.
One remarkable stat is that City are yet to beat any of the teams in the top five in the Premier League so far this season. For a team this good you really wouldn't expect that would you? They're looking good value to do something about that tonight, mind.
Doku does well on the right and sees a left-foot shot deflected and eventually collected by Olsen. Grealish and Doku have looked very in the mood so far this evening and the home side are looking pretty slick.
GOOOOOOOOAL! Can you believe it?! Villa are level here! Duran picks up the ball in a promising position down the left, he plays a well-worked one-two with Rogers, he collects the ball back in the left of the penalty area and coolly slots past Ortega! Another quick VAR check shows Duran is onside.
It was a great throughball from Rogers to take Dias out of the equation, it was a quite lovely goal all around from Villa and parity is restored!
That's probably the first time Villa have really troubled City at all but all of a sudden we have a game on our hands again here...
That was nearly excellent from Grealish! It looked as though a Doku delivery was well overhit but, on the opposite flank, his team-mate volleys a well-executed effort into the ground that has Olsen panicked. The goalkeeper might have even got a touch, it was really hard to tell, but a goal-kick is given.
City are still looking to press the issue but Villa are nice and compact and dealing with what's being thrown at them. You get the feeling they will continue to be a real threat on the break, too.
Gvardiol holds up a cross from the left towards Doku but Zaniolo does very well to shepherd it back to Olsen. There were some tame handball shouts from the stands but not one City player looked interested in joining in the protests as the ball clearly came off the Italy international's chest.
Zaniolo, who's been handed a rare start, has been very bright for Villa. The away side are not shy about committing bodies to the cause when they do get the chance to attack, but they've had to pick their moments so far.
The first yellow card card of the evening goes to Grealish, which gets the customary ironic cheers from the away end. The former Villa man had a few too many choice words for Darren England and into the book for dissent he goes.
Grealish hasn't looked too fazed by that yellow, he's still looking City's best threat down the left-hand side. It's just proving a bit tricky to force the clear opening for the hosts at the minute.
Oh hello Stefan Ortega! Gvardiol nods a header back to his goalkeeper, who has Duran charging at him, but the German just coolly steps past his opponent. Always love that sort of coolness from a goalie (although it's even better when it leads to the blooper admittedly...).
Ooooh that was the chance City have been looking for! It's great football from City as Lewis finds Alvarez on the right of the area, the Argentina ace is one one-on-one with Olsen but he can only shoot straight at the Swedish goalkeeper, who makes the stop with his right foot.
This time it's City supporters with the ironic cheers as Grealish is careering down on goal then crudely pulled back by ex-City midfielder Luiz. As clear a yellow as you're ever likely to see.
Hmmm...the resulting free-kick from that Luiz foul is taken from Alvarez. It's probably fair to assume he's taken better set-pieces as he puts this one comfortably over the crossbar from a promising position.
Alvarez gets another opportunity after nice work from Doku on the right but this time the forward can't even hit the target. You do wonder when Guardiola might turn to Haaland in the second half.
Duran goes down clutching his head after a tussle with Dias...didn't look much in that one but the referee had to stop with it being a head injury.
The City fans bay for blood here as Luiz fouls Foden around 25 yards from goal. The referee errs on the side of caution, rightly.
GOOOOOOOOOOAL! What a quickly lovely effort that is from Foden! The foul from Luiz now looks a little reckless as the England ace, who is having a quite wonderful season, bends a lovely effort through the wall. From a Villa point of view Zaniolo bafflingly comes away from the wall, what on earth was he thinking? City lead 2-1!
Silva now gets in down the left and a low cross is cleared. The offside flag goes up anyway but Villa just need to keep their heads until half-time here, as Digne blocks an Alvarez shot not long after.
Oh my days that is a chance for City! It's brilliantly held up from the left-hand side and Alvarez is at point-blank range but his header is tipped over by Olsen, that was nearly 3-1.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER 2-1 ASTON VILLA
That was an excellent half of Barclay's wasn't it? City came out of the blocks well and got their reward through Rodri's excellent finish but Villa had a riposte from Duran. City then huffed and puffed for a while but it wasn't until the stroke of half-time that Foden blew down the door, with Zaniolo's decision to break from the wall proving costly. It's probably a fair lead for City and, with Arsenal leading Luton Town 2-0, it's one they could really do with keeping hold of.
The xG stats pretty much sum up that City deserve the lead, the hosts' 1.49 is significantly better than Villa's 0.29. The away side had a decent game plan that went a little awry as the half came to an end, they now need to find a response again in this one.
Darren England blows on his whistle again and we are back underway!
Doku has an opportunity on the right-hand side here and his shot forces Olsen into the save. Not long after, Foden brilliantly slips in Silva who, one-on-one is thwarted again by Olsen with his chest.
It was completely nonsensical when Roy Keane described Haaland's all-round play as League Two level...but when he's not in the team City do look a little slicker it's fair to say. But with what he brings to the team you can't imagine he'll be sat on the bench long term.
Rodri goes to ground in the penalty area as Carlos steps on his foot but it's quickly waved away by England.
Doku has been a very lively presence for City on the right-hand side, he shows quick feet to fire a left-foot shot at goal but once again Olsen is well behind it and gathers well.
Oh what a counter from Villa! Zaniolo sets Luiz free, he plays a neat interchange with Diaby before launching a shot at goal that Ortega does brilliantly to tip over. From the resulting corner from Luiz, Lenglet flicks a header goalwards that Ortega does excellently to save. Two big moments for Villa there.
De Bruyne, Stones and Haaland have all been sent out to warm up by Guardiola and the Etihad responds with a warm round of applause. It might not be long before Guardiola sends on some big hitters here.
Foden slaloms through the middle of the Villa defence, he's so good to watch in full flow, before being bodychecked by Carlos. Nothing doing in terms of a penalty shout for that one.
GOOOOOOOOAL! It's that man Foden again! Rodri had a little break initially with a pass that came back to him but the quick shift of his feet before laying to Foden on the edge of the box was sublime, as was the low finish into the bottom-right corner from the frankly excellent Foden. City lead 3-1 and that could be game, set and indeed match.
The feet from Rodri were frankly excellent, it was his shift of the feet from right to left that left Foden with the finish.
Emery turns to his bench with a triple substitution, the first of which sees Iroegbunam replaced by Tielemans.
Bailey, the match-winner when these sides met in December, comes on to replace Diaby.
And the final change sees Luiz leave the field to be replaced by Chambers.
Oh that's a big chance for Lewis! It's excellent work from Foden again and the full-back drags wide of the left post with the goal gaping. That would have been the final nail in the coffin.
Manchester City have won 27 of their last 29 Premier League games played on a Wednesday (D1 L1), with their sole defeat in that run coming against Aston Villa in the reverse fixture. At home, they’ve won their last 19 Wednesday league games, and are unbeaten in 30 (W26 D4) since a 1-0 loss to Tottenham in May 2010.
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLL! AND WHAT A GOAL IT IS! It's a hat-trick for Foden and it is utterly brilliant. He initially lost the ball wanting a free-kick but worked brilliantly to get it back. He then shifts it onto his left foot and finds the top-right corner from 20 yards despite slipping! Three for Foden, four for City, stick the fork in this one because it is well and truly done. 4-1 to City.
Emery takes Duran off for Moreno, but frankly the horse has bolted, this race is finished.
Foden has been an utter joy to watch this evening. It's not just the goals (though, obviously, that has helped), it's the presence of mind, the way he glides down the pitch, the perfect weight of pass. He has utterly destroyed Villa here.
Ooft close again! Grealish flashes a low ball across the face of goal from the left. Thankfully for Villa there was no City player in sight.
Guardiola goes to the bench and Rodri gets a great reception as he exits play to be replaced by Nunes.
And off comes Silva, who has been industrious all evening, with Kovacic taking his place.
It's the last change of the evening from Villa as Zaniolo is replaced by youngster Kellyman.
That was a little interesting...Bailey plays Konsa in the area and the defender is checked by Nunes. He asks the question, England says no, and there's no VAR intervention. It would have been a little soft judging by the replays, but it wasn't the smartest play by the City substitute.
Another change for City here as the lively Doku goes off to be replaced by Gomez.
And this one is a little bit of a shame for the neutral. Foden gets a standing ovation from the Etihad faithful and exits to a huge reception. Youngster Bobb comes on his place. What a truly magnificent showing from Foden this evening.
The raft of changes from both sides has, unsurprisingly, just dented the flow of the game a little bit. Villa will just want to get to the full-time whistle with no more damage here. Their gameplan has come unstuck a little bit, the second half was been very one sided.
This one has turned into little more than a training exercise now. Villa are chasing City shadows without much luck. The question is really can City add to their tally?
The Man of the Match has been announced for tonight and it is, of course, awarded to Stefan Ortega...not really! It's gone to Phil Foden, who else could it have been really? What a performance!
This has been an excellent game but as you'd expect it is sort of petering out a little bit now. City know the game is won, Villa know the game is lost, everyone is just waiting for the final blow of the referee's whistle now.
City fashion a couple of chances with Bobb mis-kicking a Grealish cut-back. Alvarez picks up the loose ball is again thwarted by Olsen.
Moreno wins a corner off Lewis just as four minutes of additional time is announced. Tielemans delivers from the left, Moreno made the run from deep but mishits his effort horribly.
Off the post! Gvardiol does brilliantly on the left, plays it across to Gomez, whose low effort hits the upright and goes out for a goal-kick. Not long left now...
One final yellow card (you would assume) as Chambers completely wipes out Grealish...it wasn't particularly subtle.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER CITY 4-1 ASTON VILLA
There we have it, it's full-time and Manchester City run out 4-1 victors against Aston Villa. In all honesty, the first half was pretty well matched as Rodri's excellently taken opener was cancelled out by Duran. But then the brilliant Foden took over. His first goal was a lovely free-kick, but Zaniolo will rue stupidly moving out of the wall to allow it to happen. After the break, though, it was the Foden show. The England man finished coolly from Rodri's lay-off then rounded out the hat-trick with a brilliant effort into the top-right corner - City's dominance reflected by an xG of 3.28 to Villa's 0.73. It was a win City needed after that Arsenal stalemate at the weekend, especially with the Gunners defeating Luton Town 2-0. The end result of the evening is that Arsenal are top of the table with 68 points, while City are a point back in third and level with Liverpool, who face Sheffield United on Thursday.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Premier League clash between Aston Villa and Brentford at Villa Park!
Having stumbled in their pursuit of a Champions League place, losing 4-1 away to Manchester City in midweek, Aston Villa are now aiming to extend their two-point lead over Tottenham, who have one game in hand. Since a 15-match winning run at Villa Park finally ended in December, Unai Emery's men have won only three of seven Premier League home fixtures - though their recent 2-0 defeat of Wolves halted a streak of six without a clean sheet. Villa have come out on top in two of their last three league meetings with Brentford - including a late comeback in December's reverse fixture - having been winless in eight beforehand.
Still not safe from relegation, Brentford hover six points above the drop zone after Wednesday's 0-0 home draw against Brighton. That stalemate extends their worrying winless streak to eight matches, and Thomas Frank's side have also lost nine of their last 10 away games in the Premier League. Precedent is not on their side today either, as the Bees have never won a league fixture at Villa Park, drawing five and losing three of their previous visits.
ASTON VILLA (4-2-3-1): Emiliano Martinez; Ezri Konsa, Diego Carlos, Pau Torres, Lucas Digne; John McGinn, Douglas Luiz; Leon Bailey, Youri Tielemans, Morgan Rogers; Ollie Watkins.
SUBS: Robin Olsen, Alex Moreno, Calum Chambers, Moussa Diaby, Nicolo Zaniolo, Jhon Duran, Kaine Kesler-Hayden, Tim Iroegbunam, Omari Kellyman.
BRENTFORD (3-5-2): Mark Flekken; Mathias Jorgensen, Kristoffer Ajer, Nathan Collins; Mads Roerslev, Mikkel Damsgaard, Vitaly Janelt, Mathias Jensen, Sergio Reguilon; Bryan Mbeumo, Yoane Wissa.
SUBS: Thomas Strakosha, Neal Maupay, Saman Ghoddos, Frank Onyeka, Ivan Toney, Keane Lewis-Potter, Shandon Baptiste, Yehor Yarmoliuk, Kim Ji-Soo.
Top scorer Watkins and first-choice goalkeeper Martinez are fit enough to start for Aston Villa today, after both missed out in Manchester. Captain McGinn returns from suspension, but the home side are still without the services of Tyrone Mings, Boubacar Kamara, Emiliano Buendia, Matty Cash and Jacob Ramsey. Unai Emery makes six changes in all, also bringing in Bailey, Tielemans and Pau Torres.
Brentford make three changes to the team that held Brighton in midweek, as star striker Toney is dropped to the bench. Mbeumo replaces the England international up front, while Damsgaard and Reguilon come in for Yarmoliuk and Lewis-Potter. Like their hosts, the Bees also have a long injury list, which features Rico Henry, Ben Mee, Aaron Hickey, Kevin Schade and Christian Norgaard.
The players are out on the pitch at a very blustery Villa Park, and kick-off in this Premier League contest is now just moments away!
Brentford kick off, and we are under way in Birmingham!
After Reguilon breaks into the box from the left, Bailey lunges in to stop him striking cleanly at goal, and after spending a moment or two down on the turf, Brentford's Spanish wing-back recovers.
Brentford have lost 11 of their last 12 Premier League matches against sides starting the day inside the top five of the table, including all eight this season. Now would be a great time to end that trend, as perhaps one more win would essentially secure safety for the London club.
CLOSE! With a curling free-kick from the right side of the area, Mbeumo clips the side-netting! He sent Martinez scrambling across his goal at some speed, but that effort was marginally off-target.
Douglas Luiz attempts to flip a ball over the top to feed McGinn, who had broken from midfield, but his pass is caught by the strong wind and sails straight out of play for a Brentford goal-kick. Incidentally, no player has been directly involved in more goals at Villa Park this season than the Brazilian, who has recorded nine goals and six assists.
Crossed wires between Digne and Rogers result in the latter passing straight over the byline when Villa had flooded Brentford's box. The home side are slowly finding their rhythm, while the Bees look happy to sit back and soak up pressure.
Collins cuts out Bailey's low throughball, then the Jamaican winger regains possession on the right and wins his team a corner. Flekken comes off his line to claim the subsequent set-piece delivery, despite taking a knock from Diego Carlos.
The hosts have had a 68 per cent share of the ball so far, but they've barely threatened Brentford's area, which is being well defended by two deep-lying lines. All 11 men are within 30 yards of each other, as the Bees stay compact.
Wissa tries to slip off Konsa's shoulder just outside Villa's area, but he just catches his opponent on the heels and the whistle immediately blows for a free-kick. He would've been clean through on goal, but there was clear contact.
Set-piece specialist Douglas Luiz again fails to hit his usual standards, with a free-kick taken midway through Brentford's half sailing straight through to Flekken. The strong winds sweeping across Birmingham probably played a part, but that was not a great effort.
Konsa calls for calm, as Villa's dominance of the ball continues. The hosts' build-up is lacking both rhythm and tempo, which is perhaps understandable after six changes were made to the starting lineup that featured on Wednesday.
It's so far, so good for Brentford. Frank's men are following their game plan to a tee, as they continue to sit deep and look to counter when possible. One such chance arises from nothing, but Diego Carlos quickly closes the door on Wissa just inside Villa's area.
We are yet to see a shot on target at Villa Park, with the home side still searching for their first goal attempt of any description. Another run from Bailey wins Villa's second corner on the right, though.
SAVE! Somehow, Flekken scrambles the ball away from his goal-line! Digne swings over a corner from the right, which Pau Torres can't quite meet at the near post, and the ball almost drifts past Brentford's goalkeeper! He got away with that one!
Reguilon's teasing cross from the left touchline just beats several players inside the area, as the Bees raid forward on the break once again. They've certainly shown a willingness to counter-attack, and it's proved relatively effective so far.
Ajer clearly upends Watkins just outside the penalty area, and Villa have a free-kick in an enticing position. After a long build-up, Digne delays too long and sees his shot charged down by a defender breaking quickly from Brentford's wall. What a waste!
Aston Villa have scored 37 goals at Villa Park in the Premier League this season - their most in the top flight since the 1982-83 campaign - but they've barely threatened at all so far today. Can they find a spark before half-time?
Digne delivers another corner-kick from the right, with Diego Carlos trying to impose some pressure on Flekken. However, the Brazilian ends up in a wrestling match with Jorgensen - making his 100th Premier League appearance today - and concedes a free-kick.
Half-time is approaching and still we await a first shot on target from either side. It's fairly tame stuff at Villa Park so far.
Digne loops a back-pass towards Martinez from inside his own half, and it's caught in the strong wind. The goalkeeper deals with it fairly comfortably, though, and Villa build again from the back.
VILLA TAKE THE LEAD! Once again, Watkins unlocks the door! After McGinn sends over a superb curling cross from the right, the ex-Brentford striker heads the ball in from close range and scores against his old club! Flekken almost kept it out, but it certainly crossed the line! That's 1-0 to Aston Villa!
Making an impact on his return from a three-game suspension, McGinn sets up Villa's opening goal with a cross.
The team scoring first has won just one of the five previous Premier League meetings between Aston Villa and Brentford, with the Villans winning 4-0 in this fixture last season. Will that trend continue today? The Bees certainly hope so!
After Douglas Luiz beats his opponent with an elaborate spin in midfield, he finds himself flattened by Damsgaard, who disrupts the counter-attack and is shown the game's first yellow card.
Martinez easily claims a hopeful ball intop the box by Brentford, then quickly unloads it upfield. That sets Villa on the front foot, as they seek to increase their one-goal advantage before the break.
In the first of at least two minutes of first-half stoppage time, Villa's latest corner - this time from the left - results in plenty more grappling between Diego Carlos and company. That's something to keep an eye on as the game progresses.
Aston Villa's third corner-kick in short succession is easily plucked out of the air by Flekken, who then sets off a quick counter-attack; however, it is controversially halted by the half-time whistle.
HALF-TIME: ASTON VILLA 1-0 BRENTFORD
A rather tepid first half ends with Aston Villa 1-0 in front, thanks to a headed goal from their main marksman, Watkins, who again finds the net against his former club. Having produced the late winner in this season's reverse fixture, the England striker guided home McGinn's cross, breaking the deadlock with Villa's first attempt on target. Brentford have remained compact and looked to use the pace and guile of Wissa and Mbeumo on the counter, and they can count themselves unlucky to be trailing at the break. The hosts have now stopped their opponents from scoring a first-half goal in 20 of 32 top-flight games, and no team has done so more often in this season's Premier League - can they finish the job after the interval, putting pressure back on fellow top-four contenders Tottenham?
While Brentford have lost seven times from nine when behind at half-time this season, Aston Villa have a record of 13 wins from 14 when ahead at the break. That suggests a dramatic turnaround is unlikely for the Bees, who need points to edge further away from relegation trouble. Perhaps Toney will be introduced sooner rather than later.
Aston Villa kick off, and we are back under way in Birmingham!
VILLA DOUBLE THEIR LEAD! It's 2-0 to Unai Emery's men! Soon after kick-off, Tielemans feeds Rogers in Brentford's box, and the young forward turns smartly before beating Flekken with a shot into the bottom-right corner! That's his first goal for Aston Villa, who are on course for victory now!
Tielemans plays through Rogers with a pass into the box, setting up Villa's second strike.
The home fans are buoyant, as their side seem to have landed a killer blow so soon after the interval. Is there any way back for Brentford now?
Villa fly forward again, and after Bailey drives to the right byline, his low cutback gives Flekken plenty of problems before the goalkeeper finally smothers the ball at his near post.
Pau Torres is penalised for a clear trip on Mbeumo, and he's fortunate not to receive a booking for that rather cynical challenge. That'll be a free-kick for Brentford out on the right touchline.
As McGinn strides forward from midfield, Wissa comes in with an ill-timed tackle and then receives a yellow card from the referee.
Janelt miscues his pass back to Flekken and concedes a corner-kick. McGinn takes it from the right; Flekken then manages to turn it away from danger with an outstretched fist.
After jinking inside and letting fly with a well-struck shot, Bailey sees his effort blocked at close range by Collins, and Brentford then clear their lines. Though far from fluent, with two goals behind them Villa are increasingly confident in the final third.
BRENTFORD PULL ONE BACK! On his 100th Premier League appearance, Jorgensen pops up to bundle in a goal from close range! After Damsgaard drives the ball across the six-yard box, his Danish compatriot misses with one foot but sends it past Martinez with his other leg! Not pretty, but effective! It's just 2-1 to Villa now - game on!
After Damsgaard sends the ball across Villa's area, Jorgensen converts from close range.
MBEUMO LEVELS IT! Suddenly, it's 2-2 at Villa Park! Following a tame first half, all hell has broken loose since the interval! Brentford again expose their hosts' defence, as Reguilon swings over a cross from the left flank to find Mbeumo, who calmly steers it in with a classy volley! That's a fine finish, which drags the Bees level!
A curling cross from the left wing by Reguilon tees up Mbeumo's equaliser.
With his first goal since December, having been injured for several weeks, Mbeumo now leads on his own at the top of Brentford's scoring charts. That's his eighth Premier League strike of the season - and what a crucial one!
With a deflected shot that clips the top of Villa's defensive wall, Damsgaard's 20-yard free-kick results in a corner. Brentford are certainly enjoying their best spell of the game now.
SAVE! After one rather chaotic scene following a corner, Mbeumo delivers another, which Martinez just manages to palm away at his near post. The Bees are swarming over their hosts now, and Villa are just hanging on.
WISSA COMPLETES THE TURNAROUND! What a comeback from Brentford! Again, Reguilon raids down the left and delivers a well-placed cross, and this time Wissa is left in space to guide it home! Aston Villa are falling apart, as the Bees take full advantage! It's now 3-2 to the visitors, as Villa Park falls virtually silent!
Reguilon makes his second assist of the match, this time crossing from the left for Wissa to strike.
Unai Emery is stunned into action, after his team concede three times in less than 10 minutes. Zaniolo is sent on to replace Rogers, who started this second half by putting Villa 2-0 in front.
Once again, the team scoring first in this match-up seems set to fail in their attempts to finish the job. This time, Aston Villa have let a lead slip, and Brentford have apparently risen from the dead. With plenty of minutes remaining, are there to be any more twists and turns?
Wissa now contributes on defensive duty, heading away a dangerous corner-kick at the back post. Brentford's momentum has been quelled for now, but it remains to be seen whether they can preserve this advantage until full-time.
After setting up two goals and playing a big part in turning this game on its head, Reguilon departs. Lewis-Potter will replace him for the closing stages.
Due to Aston Villa's high line, Damsgaard is caught offside from a free-kick. There is a pensive look to Unai Emery at the moment, as his team are unable to sustain any pressure on the Bees' defensive third.
Pau Torres cuts out a telegraphed ball from Mbeumo in Villa's box, then the hosts sprint forward on the break. However, the move becomes bogged down in neat passing, as Brentford recover their shape.
GOAAAALLLL!!! 3-3! Watkins does it again! Rising above Flekken to convert his second headed goal of the game, Villa's main man pulls the home side level! Bailey's deflected cross hung invitingly in the six-yard box, and he took his chance clinically! What a final 10 minutes or so we have in prospect!
Frank immediately reacts to his side conceding a third goal. First, Wissa is replaced by Yarmoliuk.
Damsgaard also makes way, as Toney arrives to take the captain's armband. He's not fully fit, but all hopes are riding on him now.
Villa are penning their visitors in now, as they seek another late winner against Brentford. Can Watkins complete a hat-trick against his old club, to snatch maximum points? Or perhaps the Bees have one more sting left in them?
For hauling back Roerslev by the touchline, Diego Carlos is booked.
Frank plays his final cards: Jensen is off, Onyeka comes on.
Mbeumo's shift is over, as Maupay comes on to join Toney up front.
Toney can't quite sort his feet out and the ball trickles agonisingly towards Martinez, as Brentford's attack falters. This game is hanging in the balance now - it could go either way.
MISS! Tielemans tests Flekken with a low ball across the box, which has to be turned behind for an Aston Villa corner. Following the set-piece, Konsa heads the ball into Digne's path, and the French full-back volleys it wide of the target!
Villa make their final trio of changes: first, Digne is replaced by Alex Moreno.
Diaby replaces Bailey in attack.
Finally, Tielemans is taken off, with young striker Duran asked to partner Watkins up front.
In the third minute of at least seven added for stoppages, Aston Villa are on the front foot, and Alex Moreno's persistence earns the home side another corner-kick. Can Brentford withstand this pressure and preserve a precious point?
After a couple of wayward crosses, Alex Moreno's long throw-in is cleared away by Brentford's massed defence, before Roerslev buys a valuable free-kick. That will eat up some more time.
Having miscontrolled the ball in midfield, a tiring Douglas Luiz topples Jorgensen and picks up a yellow card. That will see him miss Villa's next game through suspension.
FULL-TIME: ASTON VILLA 3-3 BRENTFORD
Following a frantic second half, the spoils are ultimately shared at Villa Park, where it ends 3-3 between Aston Villa and a brave Brentford side that almost turned zero points into three. When Rogers added to Watkins' first-half opener just moments after the interval, it seemed that Villa would cruise on towards victory and a first league double over the Bees for 77 years. Frank's men had other ideas, though, and strikes from Jorgensen, Mbeumo and Wissa over the course of 10 minutes incredibly put them 3-2 ahead. Watkins was not finished, however, and the England striker's late header against his old club secured a point towards Villa's pursuit of a Champions League place. Having just edged a little closer to retaining their Premier League status, Brentford will host fellow strugglers Sheffield United next week, while the Villans meet Lille in the Europa Conference League quarter-finals before tackling Arsenal three days later. That's all from our live coverage at Villa Park today, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Brighton and Arsenal at the Amex Stadium!
Brighton are still in the mix for a European place next season but are going through a bit of a sticky patch in the Premier League at the moment after winning just one of their last five games in the competitions (D2 L2), though that victory did come in their last home match when they beat Nottingham Forest 1-0. Their home form is something to be proud of though, as they are currently unbeaten in their last 12 league games at the Amex (W6 D6), their longest-ever such run at the stadium in the competition.
As for Arsenal, they have a chance to go top of the league with a win here today as Liverpool don't play until tomorrow. The Gunners are unbeaten in their 10 Premier League games since the turn of the year (W9 D1), and they haven't lost any of their last six in all competitions since losing to Porto in the first leg of their Champions League round of 16 tie. Arsenal are in formidable form on the road at the moment though, and haven't trailed for a single minute in any of their five away league games since the start of 2024, and have kept clean sheets in each of their previous four matches.
BRIGHTON STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Bart Verbruggen; Tariq Lamptey, Jan-Paul van Hecke, Lewis Dunk, Pervis Estupinan; Carlos Baleba, Jakub Moder; Julio Enciso, Pascal Gross, Simon Adingra; Danny Welbeck.
BRIGHTON SUBS: Valentin Barco, Facundo Buonanotte, Ansu Fati, Joao Pedro, Adam Lallana, Cameron Peupion, Jason Steele, Joel Veltman, Igor Julio.
ARSENAL STARTING XI (4-3-3): David Raya; Ben White, William Saliba, Gabriel Magalhaes, Oleksandr Zinchenko; Martin Odegaard, Jorginho, Declan Rice; Bukayo Saka, Kai Havertz, Gabriel Jesus.
ARSENAL SUBS: Fabio Vieira, Eddie Nketiah, Jakub Kiwior, Gabriel Martinelli, Aaron Ramsdale, Emile Smith Rowe, Thomas Partey, Takehiro Tomiyasu, Leandro Trossard.
Roberto De Zerbi makes five changes from their goalless draw with Brentford on Wednesday, as Lamptey, Estupinan, Moder, Enciso and Welbeck are all brought into the side. Veltman, Julio, Buonanotte, Lallana and Pedro drop to the bench, but they're still without Evan Ferguson, who is struggling with an ankle injury.
After resting some of his players for their win over Luton Town in midweek, Mikel Arteta makes four changes today. Saka is fit to start and comes in along with Jorginho, Rice and Jesus. White retains his place against his former club and makes his 100th Premier League appearance for Arsenal today. Partey, Smith Rowe and Trossard start on the bench, while Reiss Nelson isn't in the squad.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Havertz gets the game under way for Arsenal!
WIDE! Arsenal win an early free-kick, and there's a false start for the Gunners as the front line moves offside before Odegaard hits the set-piece. The second attempt is much better, and the Norweigian curls it onto Gabriel's head, but he thumps it past the near post.
Gabriel thumps Brighton's corner away in the middle of the box, but in the middle of the chaos, Jorginho stays down. It looked like Moder tripped over him while trying to get to the ball, and the Italian requires treatment but can carry on.
Brighton are starting to up the pressure here, but they're struggling to keep the ball in the final third. Lamptey drives down the right but runs straight into Zinchenko.
Arsenal are looking to complete a Premier League double over Brighton for just the second time, previously doing so in the 2020-21 campaign.
CHANCE! It's a wonderful move from Brighton that starts at the goalkeeper, and when it's moved out to Adingra on the right, he slides Lamptey into space ahead of him. The right-back pulls it back for Enciso, but he fires his first-time shot over.
Arsenal haven't quite been able to find their rhythm yet, and Brighton's high press is causing some real problems. Saka can't turn past Baleba, and the midfielder sets the hosts on a quick counter that comes to nothing.
WIDE! Estupinan is drawn to the ball, and it opens the space for White to slide it forward for Saka. He does well to get it out of his feet before curling a shot across goal, but it flies wide of the far post.
GREAT SAVE! Arsenal work it neatly down their right side again, and this time, Saka squares it into the middle for Jesus. He has to take the shot quickly with Gross sliding in, and Verbruggen pushes his whipped effort away with a strong hand.
MISS! It's a lovely ball over the top from Jorginho, and Havertz brings it down with an equally good touch on the right of the box. He clips a cross into the far post to pick out Jesus' late run, but the Brazilian nods it back across goal and wide.
Zinchenko keeps backing off, and it invites Adingra to cut inside from the right as he opens up a pocket of space. He curls a shot across goal, but it sails high and wide of the far top corner.
Arsenal have dominated in the last 10 minutes, and 46 per cent of their attacks have come down the right side. They look to do the same again, but Saka is fouled before he can get it past Gross.
Saka whips another dangerous corner into the box, and he's looking for Gabriel at the far post. He sets himself to meet it on the volley, but with Gross staying tight to him, he doesn't have room. The Brazilian hopefully asks for a penalty, but he gets nothing.
The referee plays the advantage as Baleba wins the ball back in midfield, and it's quickly spread out to Adingra on the right. He gets the final pass all wrong through, playing it harmlessly into Raya's gloves.
Welbeck cushions the ball into the box and Lamptey chases it, but goes down under Zinchenko's pressure. The right-back crashes into Raya as he falls, staying down, but he gets back up without treatment. The fans want a penalty - they're not going to get one.
Lamptey is down again, this time holding his right foot. The medical team is brought on, and De Zerbi has a substitute warming up in case a change is needed.
Lamptey is now back on his feet and after another quick check by the physio on the sideline, he's going to be able to carry on here.
PENALTY TO ARSENAL! Jesus cuts inside from the left and as he drops a shoulder, Lamptey gets across to him. The youngster is stretching back with his trailing leg and trips the Brazilian, with the referee pointing straight to the spot.
SAKA SCORES! It's a confident penalty from the winger, as he strides up to the spot and fires a powerful shot into the bottom-left corner of the net. Verbruggen dives the right way, and Arsenal have a deserved lead. 1-0 Arsenal!
Adingra is taking matters into his own hands as he makes a weaving run down the right. He dribbles away from Zinchenko before taking a shot from the edge of the box, but it ends up hitting Welbeck.
Brighton are still trying to press high up the pitch, but they can't get close to Arsenal at the moment. Jorginho sends another impressive long ball over the top. White volleys it into the box from the byline, but Van Hecke beats Havertz to it in the middle.
Verbruggen punches away Saka's latest corner, but he doesn't get a lot of distance on it. Saliba lifts it back to Rice on the edge of the box, but the midfielder uses his arm to bring it down, and the attack comes to an end.
Saka has now scored as many Premier League goals this season (14 in 29 games) as he did in 2022-23 (14 in 38 games). He's also scored nine of his last 10 penalties, including each of his last five.
Gabriel is down for Arsenal and he needs treatment for what looks like an ankle problem. He's quickly back on his feet after treatment though, and will carry on.
GOOD SAVE! Enciso cuts inside from the left, and after dropping a shoulder to lose White on the edge of the box, he curls a dangerous shot towards the far top corner. Raya is at full stretch to tip it wide, but Brighton have their first shot on target.
We're into the first of seven added minutes at the end of the first half. Brighton try to mount a quick counter, but Moder overhits a throughball straight into Raya's gloves.
CHANCE! White goes long with a throw-in into the box and Dunk wants to shield it through to Verbruggen, not realising that Havertz is right behind him. His indecisiveness almost gives the forward a chance to poke it on goal, but the goalkeeper reacts quicker to tap it away.
Saka and White are both working together to stop Enciso down their right, but the Brighton winger manages to find a pocket of space to fizz a low cross in. Welbeck can't get to it though, and Raya collects again.
Arsenal are pushing for a second goal before the break, and Saka gets the beating of his marker down the right to drill another low cross in. Verbruggen was ready for it, and got down to stretch a leg to block it.
HALF-TIME: BRIGHTON 0-1 ARSENAL.
Saka's penalty gives Arsenal a 1-0 lead over Brighton at half-time. The Gunners could easily have had more goals, with Gabriel and Jesus both heading great chances wide early on, with the latter also forcing Verbruggen into a smart stop to keep out his first-time shot. Arsenal took the lead from the spot though after Lamptey tripped Jesus in the box, and Saka confidently dispatched it. Enciso had the best chance at the other end, and Raya had to stretch to tip his curling effort wide.
Arteta will be fairly pleased with what he's seen so far - his side created an xG (expected goals) total of 1.94 from nine shots, though only two of them were on target, and the Arsenal manager will want them to be more clinical as they will go top if things stay as they are. Brighton have had moments where they looked a real threat, but they struggled to gain a foothold at times, and De Zerbi will be looking for an improvement.
Brighton get us back under way for the second half!
WIDE! Jesus has had a couple of great chances in this game, and he's picked out by White's cross from the right once more. The Brazilian thumps a header towards the far post, but this one bounces wide too.
Brighton are without a win in their last 17 Premier League games in which they've been behind at half-time (D4 L13), losing each of their last two such games (4-0 v Luton, 3-0 v Fulham).
VAR is just having a look at an off-the-ball incident between White and Estupinan that saw the Arsenal man go to ground. The Colombian seemed to put his hand towards White's face, but there isn't much in it, and nothing else comes of it.
GOOD SAVE! Jorginho plays a wonderful throughball down the right for Havertz, and he checks back before laying it off to Odegaard. He rifles his shot towards the roof of the net, but Verbruggen tips it over the bar.
Gross chooses to sweep a free-kick out to Enciso on the left instead of curling it into the box, and the Paraguayan runs at Saka, but can't pick out a cross. He does win his side a corner though.
Enciso has been Brighton's biggest threat today, and as a corner is swung into the box, it falls to him amid the chaos in the middle. He gets caught under it though, and volleys his shot high into the stands.
It's great defensive work from Baleba, who stretches to get a toe to the ball and stop Rice from having a clear run to the edge of the box. It looks like it's going to bounce kindly for Havertz, but Dunk manages to poke it away from him.
HAVERTZ SCORES! Enciso cheaply gives the ball away deep in his own half, and Odegaard profits, sliding it down the right for Jorginho. He plays his low cross into the middle early, and Havertz gets in front of Van Hecke to poke it past Verbruggen from close range. 2-0 Arsenal!
None of the Brighton players spot Jorginho's run until it's too late and he has time to get his head up and put it on a plate for Havertz.
Both sides are making a double change. Brighton are first up, and Enciso, who gave the ball away in the build-up to the goal, is replaced by Pedro.
And Moder is also making way, with Buonanotte on in his place.
For Arsenal, Jesus, who has missed three great chances in this game, goes off for Trossard, who doesn't come on to the warmest reception from the home fans.
And Saka's minutes are still being managed after his recent injury, so he's replaced by Martinelli.
Brighton are pushing with more intent to halve the deficit now, and they're getting numbers into the box. Arsenal are happy to drop deep though, and they're leaving no space for the hosts to play into in the final third.
It's patient play from Brighton as they continue to keep possession, but they just can't get into Arsenal's box. Eventually, Gross decides to play it long, but Saliba comfortably clears the danger.
Havertz has netted in three of his last four Premier League away games, as many as in his first 12 appearances for Arsenal on the road this season.
GOOD SAVE! Arsenal break quickly, and Trossard leads the way down the left wing. He drives towards the edge of the box, and it looks like his shot is going to trickle over the line, but Verbruggen gets down in time to tip it wide.
Arsenal's third change sees Tomiyasu coming on in place of Zinchenko.
Brighton are still struggling to make any sort of impact in the final third, and are starting to drop deeper into their shape. Pedro is pressing alone up top, and even when he wins it back, there's nowhere to go.
Baleba knows he isn't going to be able to catch Havertz, and he drags the German back to earn the first yellow card of the game.
Brighton are also making another change. Welbeck hasn't been able to make an impact against his former club, failing to have a single shot, and he's replaced by Fati.
Buonanotte races forward to close down White and hurts himself in the process as the right-back catches him while making the clearance. The substitute is able to get back up without needing treatment though.
The yellow card is out again, this time for Saliba after he gets too tight to Pedro and clumsily sends him to ground.
There's a quick check for a penalty after Adingra goes to ground under pressure from Rice on the edge of the box, but there's nothing in it. Instead, Gross is allowed to take the corner, but it's cleared by the first man.
If Arsenal hold on to this clean sheet, Raya will become the first Spanish goalkeeper to keep a clean sheet in five consecutive Premier League away starts, and the ninth different keeper to do so overall in the competition (Ederson was the last to do so between February-April 2022).
Brighton are almost playing with a front four at the moment as they try to pull a late goal back. Dunk slides it forward to Gross, but a loose touch from him gifts possession to Arsenal.
TROSSARD SCORES! He seals the points for Arsenal against his former club! Brighton committed a lot of bodies forward in their last attack, and Havertz profits from a loose touch to slide it forward through the middle. Trossard has the beating of Van Hecke, and he races onto the ball before chipping a lovely finish over Verbruggen into the back of the net. 3-0 Arsenal!
Havertz knew exactly where Trossard was, and as soon as the ball landed at his feet, he played it forward for the substitute.
WIDE! Arsenal push forward once more, and Brighton just sit back as Rice moves to the edge of the D. He keeps his shot low, drilling it towards the bottom-left corner, but a deflection takes it skimming just wide.
There's another double change for Arsenal, and Arteta is freshening up his forward line. Havertz, who scored the second goal today, goes off for Nketiah.
And Vieira is brought on for Odegaard.
GOOD SAVE! Rice swings another deep corner to the far post, and it catches Brighton out once more. Gabriel pokes it towards the roof of the net, but Verbruggen reflexively parries it away.
We're into the first of five added minutes at the end of the game, and Brighton have a corner. It's another poor delivery from Gross that's cleared at the near post though.
Gross hasn't been able to find his range on his set-piece deliveries today, and after another corner is cleared, Arsenal break on the counter. Trossard makes another driving run through the middle, but Rice can't pick him out this time.
Brighton win a free-kick and White steps across to kick the ball away from where it's been placed. It's a needless booking to pick up at this stage.
FULL-TIME: BRIGHTON 0-3 ARSENAL.
Arsenal go top of the Premier League after a comfortable 3-0 win over Brighton. They went into the break just 1-0 ahead through Saka's confident penalty after Lamptey tripped Jesus, but the Gunners could've easily had more, with Gabriel and Jesus both missing big chances early on. Arsenal maintained their control in the second half, creating an xG of 3.23 in the game compared to Brighton's 0.53, and Havertz doubled their lead just after the hour mark when he tapped in Jorginho's low cross from close range. Trossard came off the bench to make sure of the points against his former club, finishing off a quick counter-attack with a lovely, chipped goal to make it 3-0. Arsenal leapfrog Liverpool into first, at least until tomorrow when the Reds face Manchester United. Arteta's men have a big game next time out, hosting Bayern Munich in their Champions League quarter-final first leg. Brighton's 12-game unbeaten run comes to an end as they drop to 10th in the table. Next up for them is a trip to Burnley. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Crystal Palace and Manchester City at Selhurst Park.
Palace started well under new manager Oliver Glasner and beat Burnley 3-0 in his first match in charge, but the Eagles have since failed to win their last four games in the top flight (drawing two and losing two). Their 1-0 loss to Bournemouth in their previous outing was particularly frustrating, with Eberechi Eze's potential opener disallowed for offside after a VAR check before Justin Kluivert struck the winner for the Cherries in the 79th minute. However, it would be a stretch to say Palace deserved anything out of the match at the Vitality Stadium after only creating an xG (expected goals) of 0.19 from their three shots. The Eagles are in 14th position in the Premier League and are eight points above the relegation zone with eight games remaining, meaning there is not much to play for, but Glasner will use the final part of the season to see who is in his plans for the next campaign.
City returned to winning ways in their previous match, beating Champions League hopefuls Aston Villa 4-1 after back-to-back draws with title rivals Liverpool and Arsenal. Jhon Duran cancelled out Rodri's opener to level the score before Phil Foden netted a stunning hat-trick to extend City's unbeaten run in the top flight to 15 games and keep them within three points of table-toppers Liverpool. Pep Guardiola's men will temporarily go above second-place Arsenal with a win. However, they will only move to the summit if they beat Palace by four goals or more. City will be confident of securing a positive result after winning six and drawing two of their last eight Premier League away matches against Palace, and will want to keep spirits high heading into their huge Champions League quarter-final first-leg tie against Real Madrid in Spain next week.
CRYSTAL PALACE (3-4-3): Dean Henderson; Joel Ward, Joachim Andersen, Jefferson Lerma; Daniel Munnoz, Adam Wharton, Will Hughes, Tyrick Mitchell; Eberechi Eze, Jean-Philippe Mateta, Jordan Ayew.
CRYSTAL PALACE SUBS: James Tomkins, Michael Olise, Jeffrey Schlupp, Nathaniel Clyne, Odsonne Edouard, Naouirou Ahamada, Remi Matthews, David Ozoh, Franco Umeh-Chibueze.
MANCHESTER CITY (4-1-4-1): Stefan Ortega; Rico Lewis, John Stones, Ruben Dias, Josko Gvardiol; Rodri; Oscar Bobb, Kevin De Bruyne, Julian Alvarez, Jack Grealish; Erling Haaland.
MANCHESTER CITY SUBS: Mateo Kovacic, Jeremy Doku, Bernardo Silva, Sergio Gomez, Manuel Akanji, Matheus Nunes, Ederson, Phil Foden, Mahamadou Susoho.
Palace name the same side that started their 1-0 loss to Bournemouth in their previous Premier League outing. However, Olise returns to the bench after missing the last seven matches through injury.
City make four alterations to the team that beat Villa 4-1 in their previous match. Despite scoring a hat-trick against the Lions, Foden drops onto the bench and is replaced by De Bruyne, who captains the side. Stones comes in for Akanji at centre-back, and Bobb is picked ahead of Doku on the right. Haaland appears up front and is in the side instead of Silva, meaning Alvarez drops further back. Ederson returns to the squad after getting injured against Liverpool last month, allowing Ortega to start again.
Palace came from 2-0 down to draw 2-2 with City in the reverse fixture in December. Only in 1992-93, 1994-95, and 2021-22 have they avoided defeat in both Premier League meetings with the Citizens in a season. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Palace get this Premier League clash under way. The two teams switched sides before the start.
It will be interesting to see if Palace have a strong start, with the Eagles playing at home with an unchanged side and an extra day of rest compared to City. The visitors might look to build their way into the contest after making four switches. However, it is tough to disagree with Guardiola, who has led his side to a 25-match unbeaten run in all competitions. Haaland is back, but if the Citizens take a healthy lead, he will probably come off early with a huge Champions League tie against Madrid soon.
Bobb wins possession off Eze and helps City break forward quickly down the right side of Palace's half, with De Bruyne winning an early corner. The Belgium international looks for Haaland in the middle, but Andersen heads it clear.
GOALLLL! MATETA SCORES! 1-0 PALACE! What a start for the Eagles! Stones gifts possession to the hosts, who play some quick passes in their own half before Wharton rolls a throughball into Mateta. The striker races down the right side of the box before directing his low shot across the goal and into the net off the left post.
That’s a brilliant pass from Wharton, who finds the run of Mateta. He still has plenty to do but shows great composure to beat Ortega.
Palace had failed to score in any of their last four Premier League home games against City, with Luka Milivojevic in April 2019 the last Eagles player to score against them at Selhurst Park.
WIDE! Huge chance for City to level! De Bruyne has possession on the right and whips a fantastic delivery into the box. Gvardiol stays up from a previous corner and attempts to direct a header on target, but puts his shot wide of the right post.
Palace have another chance to break forward with speed, but Wharton's pass down the left to Eze is wayward of the winger. However, he collects it well and tries to play a one-two with Ayew, who sends the ball out for a goal-kick.
POST! City go close this time! Bobb and Lewis combine on the right before the latter of the pair slides a brilliant pass through to Alvarez, who bursts into the box. The Argentine then drives a low strike across the goal, but it hits the left post before Henderson punches it away.
SAVE! What a stop from Henderson to keep Palace ahead! A cross into the Eagles box is headed away by Lerma as far as Rodri, who directs a first-time effort from just inside the box towards the bottom-right corner. It looks to be heading into the net, but Henderson gets down well to push it around the post.
GOALLLL! WHAT A HIT FROM DE BRUYNE! 1-1! Grealish gets his first chance to dribble at Munoz down the left before his low cross is blocked. However, it rebounds straight to De Bruyne, who switches possession onto his right foot inside the box before curling his perfect strike into the top-right corner.
City have scored 29 first-half goals in 31 games, only Arsenal (33) and Villa (31) have scored more in the Premier League this season. Henderson made a top save to deny Rodri earlier, but that goal from De Bruyne was simply unstoppable.
City have controlled possession so far and have had 87.1 per cent of the ball. Mateta scored the opener for the Eagles, but he is the only player in a home shirt who is staying forward and looks isolated. Any early nerves for Guardiola are probably gone.
OVER! Mitchell lofts a cross into the box from the left, with Ortega getting there before Mateta to punch it away. It drops to Ayew on the edge, but he lashes his effort well over the bar.
ANOTHER SAVE! Henderson is keeping Palace in the contest. De Bruyne spins on the ball just inside the Eagles' half and slides a wonderful throughball into the path of Haaland, who is one-on-one with the goalkeeper. However, Henderson comes out quickly to block his strike.
De Bruyne is appearing all over the pitch, this time getting down the left to get on the end of Grealish's pass down the wing. The captain races towards the byline before his low cross is blocked.
Munoz slides into Grealish, who stays down and looks hurt. It’s a worrying moment for City after Grealish's injury record this season, but he is back on his feet without needing medical treatment.
City have a good spell of possession before Dias breaks their short passing routine with a fantastic switch from left to right over to Bobb. He is in space inside the Palace box, but the ball hits his arm and a free-kick is given. Bobb looks frustrated with himself.
City continue to control the possession, with Palace packing their defensive third to stop the visitors from progressing. Rodri then attempts to chip a pass forward to Alvarez, but Mitchell matches his run to head it away.
Grealish wins a corner off Ward on the right, with the Palace defender heading De Bruyne's first corner behind before then clearing the next one from the same side well away. Two poor deliveries from De Bruyne, which is a surprise due to his quality. There hasn’t been a shot for over 10 minutes.
Gvardiol strolls out of the defence, arriving at the edge of the Palace box before seeing his shot blocked at close range. The Croatian defender and Stones are getting further forward to help increase the City pressure.
Palace are sitting deep, meaning that anytime they win possession or put in a strong tackle, they struggle to keep the ball. Rodri attempts to slide a clever pass down the right side of the box to Haaland, but Mitchell is strong and gets a foot across to poke the ball behind for a corner.
WIDE! Alvarez has time and space just to the right outside Palace’s box, but he fires his effort across the goal and wide of the left post.
De Bruyne shows his invention with a wonderful chipped pass over the Palace defence and down the right side of the box to Bobb, who is in plenty of space. However, he doesn’t race towards the spinning ball. As a result, when it hit the floor, it bounced straight out for a goal-kick. Bobb puts his arms in the air as he realises that it was his fault.
A rare Palace attack, with Mateta getting to the ball before Rodri down the right, and curling a low cross into the box. However, it is too close to Ortega, who collects it well.
BAR! What a chance for Palace to take the lead again! Rodri loses possession in City's half, and Ayew races forward before firing his right-footed effort against the top of the bar!
City have lost control in the last couple of minutes and haven’t been as relaxed in possession. Lewis has a shot on the edge of Palace's box but blasts his effort straight at Henderson.
CHANCE! Munoz breaks down the right for Palace and cuts the ball back to the edge of the box to Ayew, but his touch is very poor. Hughes collects it but is tackled by Rodri, who sends a blind pass back to Ortega. Mateta puts the goalkeeper under pressure. However, the City man turns away from the Frenchman. Ederson would be proud of that one!
Haaland has been involved in seven goals in his last six away appearances for City in the Premier League, scoring four and assisting three. However, he’s not scored in any of his previous four such games, his longest run without a goal on the road in the competition. He has only had seven touches so far!
There will be three minutes of additional time.
Gvardiol thunders into Ayew's back and gives away a free-kick just inside City's half. He then shows his frustrations to the referee, who gives him a yellow card for dissent.
HALF-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 1-1 MANCHESTER CITY
De Bruyne scored a fantastic equaliser to cancel out Mateta's opener, with Palace and City level at 1-1 heading into half-time. The Eagles took the lead inside three minutes through Mateta, who raced onto the end of Wharton's brilliant throughball and drove his low strike against the left post and into the net. City levelled less than four minutes later through De Bruyne. The Belgium international collected the ball on the left and whipped a brilliant strike into the top-right corner. Haaland was then denied by a sharp stop from Henderson, with Ayew crashing the bar from the hosts.
Palace struggled to create anything against Bournemouth in their last outing, but they have shown signs of promise against Premier League champions City. The Eagles have registered an xG of 0.75 from their three shots, with their only effort on target coming from Mateta's goal. Henderson has also been brilliant, making four saves. As for City, they created an xG of 0.99 from their nine efforts. Guardiola's men have had 75.9 per cent of the possession. However, they have struggled at times to find a way through Palace's rigid defensive structure and have been vulnerable on the counter. Haaland might be getting frustrated up front after having just seven touches, but with De Bruyne in the side, he could be found at any moment.
City make a change to their defence before the restart. Gvardiol struggled at times before the break and is being replaced by Akanji.
City get the ball rolling again. The visitors must win to keep the pressure on title rivals Arsenal and Liverpool, who will be delighted with the score so far.
GOALLLL! LEWIS SCORES! 2-1 CITY! The visitors take the lead for the first time! Grealish has possession on the left, getting to the byline before lifting a cross into the box. Andersen gets there but flicks a header straight to Lewis, who crashes his strike into the bottom-left corner.
City have scored 11 goals in the first 15 minutes of the second half, only Tottenham (15) have scored more in the Premier League this season. It’s also the second time Lewis has scored this season, with both coming against the Eagles!
There is a small penalty shout for City, with De Bruyne's cross from the left getting blocked by Andersen's arm. However, when the ball struck the arm of the Palace defender, it was close to his body and in a natural position.
Palace now need to stay in the contest and not concede again. Glasner will be furious with conceding just after half-time, especially as Lewis was free inside the box!
Wharton lofts a pass down the right for Munoz, who breaks down the wing and waits for support. He has plenty of time to pick the right option, but his cutback goes straight to Alvarez. The Eagles won’t get many chances, meaning they must do better when they get forward.
CHANCE! What an opportunity for City to take the lead! De Bruyne knocks a header into Haaland, but the ball is just too far in front of the striker. He keeps the attack alive and plays it back to Alvarez in the middle. However, his low strike deflects off Andersen and goes wide of the right post.
De Bruyne is over a corner on the right and drives a low pass to Grealish on the edge of the box. He has time and space, taking one touch before lashing his effort over the top of the bar.
City have been strong since the restart and have not allowed Palace to get into the contest. They have stopped the Eagles from having a shot whilst keeping 70.3 per cent of the possession and eight touches in the opposition box. If City score again, it would be difficult to see Palace from getting any points.
De Bruyne has possession on the left and plays a one-two with Grealish. He then looks at the goal and goes for an ambitious strike from range, curling his effort towards the top-right corner but over the bar. However, after his goal earlier, there would be no surprise if that went in!
Grealish, De Bruyne and Haaland all combine with some quick passes in tight areas before the ball goes out to Bobb on the right. He switches possession onto his left foot and looks for Haaland with a cross, but it is headed away.
Mateta is shown his fifth yellow card of the season after a heavy tackle on Bobb.
Eze has netted five goals in eight home games for Palace but hasn’t been able to make an impact today and is coming off for Schlupp.
GOALLL! HAALAND SCORES! 3-1 CITY! That should be game over! City are patient in possession and wait for an opening, with Grealish rolling a reversed pass down the left through to De Bruyne on the byline. The captain then sends a cutback straight to Haaland, who scores from close range.
De Bruyne adds an assist to his goal. He beats the offside trap to get onto Grealish's pass and instinctively finds Haaland in the middle with a fantastic ball into the forward.
Palace came from two goals behind to draw with City earlier in the season, but have struggled to put City under any pressure.
GOALLL! DE BRUYNE SCORES AGAIN! 4-1 CITY! De Bruyne and Grealish play a clever one-two on the left, allowing the England International to get to the byline before cutting the ball back to Rodri. He taps it to De Bruyne, who thunders his low strike into the bottom-left corner.
Rodri spots the run of De Bruyne and plays a simple pass into his feet, allowing the captain to thunder his effort past Henderson. One more goal would see City move to the top of the Premier League.
Palace cannot get out of their own half, with City desperate to score again. Haaland battles past a crowd down the left side of the box and fires it across, but the hosts clear it away.
City are leading comfortably, allowing Rodri to be given a rest ahead of their Champions League tie against Real Madrid. Kovacic replaces him in the midfield.
Mateta scored Palace's opener inside three minutes but has not been able to make any sort of impact in the second half. Edouard takes his place up front.
There is a boost for Palace, with Olise returning from injury. He comes on for Ayew.
Alvarez has had a quiet performance and is now coming off for Nunes.
There is a change at full-back for Palace, with Clyne coming on for Mitchell.
City continue to retain possession and are playing it around with ease. Olise is trying to make an impact but cannot win the ball off the visitors. Foden might have been introduced if the score was closer. However, he might be rested by Guardiola.
Grealish loses possession in his own half, which allows Munoz to win the ball. He bursts down the right, but his pass inside is poor and City clear it away.
OFF THE LINE! Olise pokes the ball away from Akanji inside City's defensive third and rolls a pass into Edouard, who has a clear view of the goal inside the box. His shot deflects off Dias and is heading in, but Stones clears it off the line.
Ahamada hasn’t started for Palace but makes his 25th appearance off the bench, replacing Hughes in the midfield.
Grealish hasn’t registered a goal or an assist for City but will be delighted with his performance on the left side of the attack. He has had 66 touches, won three fouls and combined with De Bruyne brilliantly. He is recently back from injury and will play a huge role for City, who are still in three competitions.
GOALLL! EDOUARD SCORES! Palace get one back, with the hosts trailing 4-2! Ahamada drives through the middle of the pitch before playing a pass down the left to Schlupp, who whips a low cross into the box. Edouard gets in front of his marker and pokes his shot in from close range.
Three Palace substitutes combined for the goal, with Schlupp finding Edouard with a wonderful low cross.
CLOSE! Olise turns onto his left foot on the right and whips a clever cross towards the back post. Schlupp attacks it, but it goes just ahead of him and wide of the left post.
There will be seven minutes of additional time. A Palace goal would put City under serious pressure.
Ahamada does well to collect the ball on the left side of the box, bursting past Kovacic before curling his shot straight at Ortega.
De Bruyne scored twice and registered an assist but is now coming off for Silva. There is some serious depth on the City bench.
Andersen looks to unlock Olise down the right with a long pass forward, but Akanji gets in front of the Palace man and helps City retain possession.
Haaland and Lerma get into an altercation off the ball, with Lerma going down holding his face. There is a VAR check on the incident, but nothing comes of it.
FULL-TIME: CRYSTAL PALACE 2-4 MANCHESTER CITY
De Bruyne scored twice and registered an assist to help City beat Palace 4-2 at Selhurst Park. The Eagles took a shock lead inside three minutes when Mateta showed great composure to fire his low effort off the left post and into the net, but City quickly levelled through De Bruyne, who showed his quality with a thunderous strike into the top-right corner. The Citizens then took control in the second half. Lewis gave them the lead soon after the restart from close range before Haaland got onto the end of De Bruyne's cutback to score from close range. The captain then added his fourth of the contest with a powerful strike from the edge into the bottom-left corner. Edouard got one back for the hosts after coming off the bench, but the Eagles couldn’t mount a late comeback. City are up to second in the Premier League and face Real Madrid in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final before hosting Luton Town in the top-flight. It doesn’t get much easier for Palace, who travel to Liverpool. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League clash between Everton and Burnley at Goodison Park.
Everton extended their torrid winless run in the Premier League to 13 games with a 1-1 draw with Newcastle in their previous fixture, only once going longer without a league victory in their history (14 matches in 1937). However, it is not all negative for the Toffees, who will take pride in snatching a draw at St James' Park, with Dominic Calvert-Lewin scoring his first goal in 18 top-flight outings with an 88th-minute penalty after Alexander Isak opened the scoring for the Magpies in the first half. It means Everton are in 16th position, just four points above Luton Town in the relegation zone, but they have played one fewer fixture than the Hatters.
Burnley have shown signs of promise in the last few weeks and are unbeaten in their previous four matches. However, Vincent Kompany will be frustrated with three draws in that run. The Clarets took a 2-0 lead against West Ham before the Hammers came from behind to earn a point, before beating 10-man Brentford 2-1. A hearty 2-2 draw with Chelsea followed, with Burnley dropping points in their last match against Wolves. Jacob Bruun Larsen’s 37th-minute goal gave them. The lead before Rayan Ait-Nouri levelled just before half-time. As a result, Burnley are in 19th position and are in danger of an immediate return to the Championship. They are six points behind Nottingham Forest, who are just outside the relegation zone and will be desperate to get the better of an out-of-form Everton side under former manager Sean Dyche.
EVERTON (4-5-1): Jordan Pickford; Seamus Coleman, James Tarkowski, Jarrad Branthwaite, Vitalii Mykolenko; Ashley Young, James Garner, Abdoulaye Doucoure, Andre Gomes, Dwight McNeil; Dominic Calvert-Lewin.
EVERTON SUBS: Nathan Patterson, Michael Keane, Jack Harrison, João Virgínia, Beto, Ben Godfrey, Youssef Chermiti, Andy Lonergan, Lewis Warrington.
BURNLEY (4-4-2): Arijanet Muric; Lorenz Assignon, Dara O’Shea, Maxime Esteve, Charlie Taylor; Lyle Foster, Josh Cullen, Sander Berge, Jacob Bruun Larsen; Wilson Odobert, David Datro Fofana.
BURNLEY SUBS: Jack Cork, Johann Gudmundsson, Josh Brownhill, Jay Rodriguez, Benson Manuel, Vitinho, Zeki Amdouni, Lawrence Vigouroux, Hannes Delcroix.
Everton make four changes to the side that drew 1-1 with Newcastle in their last outing in the Premier League. Calvert-Lewin ended his 23-game run in all competitions without a goal and replaces Beto up front. Garner and Gomes come into the midfield, with Andre Onana and Idrissa Gueye out of the squad. Coleman captains the side and appears at right-back instead of Godfrey.
Burnley make one alteration to the team that drew 1-1 with Wolves in their last match. Assignon returns from suspension and replaces Vitinho at right-back.
Everton are looking to complete their first league double over Burnley since 2018-19, having won 2-0 at Turf Moor in the reverse fixture. Both teams are on the pitch and are ready to get started.
Burnley get this Premier League clash under way. Before the start, there was a round of applause for one minute for former Everton player Jimmy Husband.
Pickford is going long at every opportunity for Everton and is looking for Calvert-Lewin. The forward finds Doucoure, who lays a pass down the right to Coleman, but his cross is collected well by Muric.
Everton have had most of the possession in the early exchanges but are struggling to find a way through Burnley. Garner then gives away the ball with a loose pass, which allows the Clarets to race forward. However, the attack comes to nothing.
Pickford finds Coleman surging forward with a fanatic past down the right, with the full-back getting to the byline before looking for a cutback to Calvert-Lewin. However, Esteve gets across to poke it away.
CLOSE! There is some wrestling in the box, with the referee talking to the players before a corner is allowed to be taken on the right. McNeil's inswinging cross is dangerous, flashing it into the box but out for a goal-kick.
This is the third meeting between Everton and Burnley in all competitions this season, with the Toffees winning 3-0 in the EFL Cup and 2-0 in the Premier League so far. The last time they beat a team three times in the same season while keeping a clean sheet each time was in 1995-96 against Blackburn. However, this is certainly the most important meeting, as it is a huge clash at the bottom of the league. It has shown with a cagey start, with neither side having a shot.
Garner shows some quick thinking to poke a loose ball through Taylor's legs, with the Burnley man sliding in with a late tackle. Gomes sends the following free-kick into the box from a deep position, but the flag goes up for offside against Branthwaite.
Goodison Park was lively before the start, but it has quieted. The Everton fans haven’t had much to cheer for, but neither have Burnley. The Clarets have put some nice passing moves together. However, they haven’t put the home defence under any real pressure.
Branthwaite wins possession off Fofana with a good slide tackle and has space for a shot on the edge of the box. However, he drags his effort well wide of the right post. It would have probably been smarter to retain possession, but it has lifted the home fans in Goodison Park.
Mykolenko slides a clever throughball down the left to Doucoure, who gets to the byline before driving a cutback towards Calvert-Lewin. However, Muric dives across to claim it.
A very poor moment from Doucoure. McNeil gains possession in Burnley's half and drives forward with the ball before unleashing Doucoure, who is well offside. The Toffees would have had a chance to put the ball into the box if he held his run.
McNeil comes in from the right and looks for a shot on his left foot just outside the box, but his tame effort is blocked by O'Shea's foot.
CHANCE! Burnley come forward for the first time through Foster, who gets into Everton's box and wins a strong tackle on Mykolenko. His shot from a tight angle rebounds off a defender and to Taylor on the left. However, his powerful effort is blocked by Coleman.
Everton have lost nine of their last 14 Premier League home games against promoted sides (winning three and drawing two), as many defeats as they’d suffered in their previous 64 such games (winning 46 and drawing nine). They have been slightly better than Burnley but are wasting too many chances through poor runs that have allowed the Clarets' defence to catch them offside.
Mykolenko's cross towards the edge of the box is flicked to Young by Calvert-Lewin. The Englishman waits for support before looking to slide a pass through to Doucoure but sends it straight out for a goal-kick. Audible frustrations from the home fans are growing.
CLOSE! Assignon has been one of the most exciting players on the pitch in what has been a cagey contest. He shows some brilliant feet to get past McNeil on the right before driving a low cross into the box, but Tarkowski and Pickford work together to clear it away.
Burnley are starting to gain some confidence and are staying composed in possession. Foster and Assignon are combining down the right and are making things difficult for Everton's defence. The Toffees are looking rushed, with Pickford clearing the ball straight out for a throw-in under little pressure.
Foster drives into the box and looks to play an unselfish pass across to Fofana, but Branthwaite dives across to intercept it.
Tarkowski lunges across  Esteve and gives away a free-kick in a promising shooting position for Burnley. Somehow, he gets away without a yellow card.
Bruun Larsen is over the free-kick on the left corner just outside the box, but he whips his effort across the goal and just over the bar. Pickford watched it all the way.
Tarkowski pulls Odobert as the Burnley man races forward down the left and goes into the book.
McNeil and Taylor both go for the ball in the air, with the pair clashing heads. The referee immediately tells the medical team on the pitch, with McNeil struggling more than Taylor.
There is a stoppage in play, with McNeil needing medical assistance. The teams take some time to talk in the dugouts before the match restarts. McNeil is fine to continue.
Everton won seven of their first eight home Premier League games under Dyche when they scored the first goal (drawing one), only conceding one goal in those eight games. However, they have lost their last two when scoring first, losing both games 3-1 to Manchester City and West Ham. The first goal will be vital in this contest as there has been a lack of attacking quality. Everton have only created an xG of 0.05 compared to Burnley's 0.18.
SAVE! Fofana gets onto a corner from the left and flicks his header on target, but the ball goes straight at Pickford, who makes a simple save.
Coleman and Odobert battle for the ball next to the right corner flag in Burnley's half, with nothing separating the pair before support comes from either side. Young then tries to win a corner by hitting the ball against a Burnley player, but the assistant referee points for a goal-kick. Young is furious.
Gomes lofts a free-kick from the right into the box, with Fofana heading it away. Berge and Tarkowski get into a tussle behind the striker, with the Everton man hitting the floor. He holds his face but gets back to his feet when the attack is over.
BLOCK! Mykolenko bursts down the left before curling a cross into the box, ignoring Calvert-Lewin in the middle and instead searching for Young, who is free. However, his volley is blocked at close range.
Odobert gets past the halfway line and rushes beyond Gomes, who kicks his leg and goes into the book.
There will be two minutes of additional time.
GOALLLL! CALVERT-LEWIN SCORES! 1-0 EVERTON! The hosts take a fortunate lead! Muric has possession on the edge of his own box but takes too long to pass the ball away. Calvert-Lewin gets in front of him and blocks the ball, with it looping over the goalkeeper and into the net.
HALF-TIME: EVERTON 1-0 BURNLEY
Calvert-Lewin scored his second goal in two matches to give Everton a 1-0 lead over Burnley heading into half-time at Goodison Park. It was a first 45 minutes that lacked any quality in the attack, with Branthwaite dragging a shot wide and McNeil and Young having shots blocked for the hosts. Taylor's powerful effort from inside the box was stopped by Coleman, with Bruun Larsen curling a free-kick over the bar and Fofana heading Burnley’s only shot on target of the half straight at Pickford. It looked like the score would be goalless at half-time before a massive mistake from Muric. He took too long in possession on the edge of his box, allowing Calvert-Lewin to block his pass, with the ball looping over his head and into the net.
That was a cagey first half that ended with a freak goal for Calvert-Lewin. The Toffees have only had one shot on target, with it coming from their goal seconds before the end. The hosts have created an xG of 0.3 from their five shots and didn’t look like scoring before Muric's mistake. As for Burnley, manager Kompany probably cannot believe the way that his side conceded in what is a huge contest at the bottom of the Premier League table. The Clarets have also disappointed going forward, registering an xG of 0.41 from their four shots, but will have to come from behind if they want to get anything out of this game. Odobert and Fofana have looked promising individually, but they must work better together up front if they want to put the Everton defence under pressure.
Everton get the ball rolling again. Burnley must forget the mistake from Muric and focus on getting back into the match. Another defeat would see them remain six points behind 17th-placed Forest, who have a game in hand.
Calvert-Lewin wins an early free-kick on the right after getting tripped by Esteve. However, Gomes' right-footed cross is headed away, with  Mykolenko's ball into the box moments later wayward.
Since the start of last season, all nine of Everton’s Premier League home wins have been to nil. They’ve drawn five and lost 17 of their last 22 at Goodison Park when conceding at least once, since a 3-2 win over Crystal Palace in May 2022.
Muric is getting some ironic cheers from the home fans every time he is in possession, with the goalkeeper making decisions much quicker since conceding just before the end of the first half. Once again, it has been a slow start, with neither side having a shot since the restart.
Burnley have had most of the possession for the last couple of minutes, but most of it has been around the halfway line, which Everton have been happy with. The Clarets then go long, but Pickford collects it inside the box.
Burnley haven’t won a match when they have been behind at half-time, drawing two and losing 15. It is admirable that Kompany wants to stick with his possession system, but there are certainly questions about whether it maximises their chances of winning games in a relegation battle.
Taylor gets down the right and curls a cross towards the back post, with Assignon doing well to head it back into the middle. However, a high foot in the middle allows Everton to regain possession.
CHANCE! Opportunity for Burnley through Berge, who gets onto the end of a pass from left to right and surges into the box. However, his first touch is heavy, allowing  Branthwaite to slide across and poke it behind for a corner.
SAVE! What a chance for Calvert-Lewin to score again and put Everton in a brilliant position to collect all three points. Assignon gifts possession to Calvert-Lewin, who gets down the left side of the box and goes around O'Shea. The forward is one-on-one with Muric, but the goalkeeper makes himself big to stop the shot.
WIDE! Will Everton be punished for two missed chances? Young gets down the right and has time and space to put a cross into the box. He lifts it over to Doucoure at the back post, but he heads it wide from a narrow angle.
Fofana has been kept quiet by Branthwaite and is coming off for Vitinho.
McNeil surges forward with possession and has plenty of space in the middle of Burnley's half. He looks to slide a throughball into Calvert-Lewin, but O'Shea does brilliantly to get his body in the way and shield it back to Muric.
Cullen steams through the back of Gomes with a slide tackle and gives away a free-kick just outside Burnley's box. Gomes to take it.
Gomes is over the Everton free-kick just to the right outside Burnley's box, with the Clarets deciding not to make a wall. The Portuguese midfielder goes for goal from distance but whips his right-footed effort towards the top-right corner well over the bar.
RED CARD TO O'SHEA! Burnley are down to 10 men after O'Shea is shown a straight red card. The defender takes a loose touch, with McNeil poking the ball away from him before being taken out by a slide tackle from the defender. He denied a clear goal-scoring opportunity!
Burnley have had seven players sent off in the Premier League this season, more than any other team in the competition
Kompany makes a change immediately after O'Shea's red card. Bruun Larsen has looked quiet on the wing and is replaced by Brownhill, who should solidify the midfield.
CLOSE! Cullen has the ball on the edge of Everton's box and rolls a pass through to Brownhill. He shifts possession onto his right foot before whipping his strike across the goal and just past the right post.
Burnley have lost six of their eight Premier League away games against Everton, winning the others in October 2017 (1-0) and March 2021 (2-1).
Calvert-Lewin drifts out to the right and is next to the touchline in Burnley's half. He skips past Esteve and arrives in the middle of the box before lashing his strike well wide of the target. A good run from the forward without the finish to match it.
Foster comes in from the right and looks to slide a reverse pass into the box and into the path of Cullen, but Branthwaite slides across to clear it behind for a corner. Burnley are still having moments in this match.
SAVE! McNeil has possession on the left in Burnley's half and sends a throughball towards Calvert-Lewin, who is kept onside by Taylor. He gets to the byline and has a shot from a tight angle, but his chip is saved by Muric.
Calvert-Lewin ended an 18-game goalless run in the Premier League with his goal against Newcastle. Before today, he last netted in consecutive games in September this season, while he has four in his last six against Burnley.
Some more good work from Foster on the left, who cuts inside before lifting a cross over to the back post, but a couple of Burnley players get in the way of each other and Pickford claims a tame shot.
OVER! Calvert-Lewin holds onto the ball well outside Burnley's box and is not put under any pressure by the Clarets' defence. He then plays a short pass to McNeil, who takes a touch of his feet before curling a left-footed strike just over the top-left corner.
Pickford launches a long pass down the right to Calvert-Lewin, who battles with Berge but cannot get ahead of the midfielder. Berge then plays a pass back to Muric, who clears it away under pressure.
There is a swap on the right for Everton, with Young coming off for Harrison.
Assignon looked bright on the right for Burnley but is now coming off for experienced forward Rodriguez in an attacking change.
Odobert has been quiet since the restart and is being replaced by Guomunds­son.
Kompany is putting on another forward to put Everton under pressure in the last few minutes. Amdouni comes on for Taylor.
Everton make their first change. Calvert-Lewin scored the only goal just before half-time and is replaced by Beto, who started the last match.
Burnley have put plenty of attackers onto the pitch, but they are not finding them. When the Clarets do go long with their passes, they are getting beat in the air by the Everton defence, which is taller and stronger.
PENALTY SHOUT! Beto races through the middle of the pitch and is in a battle with Berge, who gets a slight touch on the forward as he runs forward. Beto goes down and wants a penalty, but there was nowhere near enough contact. He should have had a shot!
Beto rolls past Berge on the left touchline, with the Burnley man pulling his shirt back. He is then shown a yellow card. Everton are getting closer to securing a huge three points.
There will be five minutes of additional time. It looks like the game might be decided by Calvert-Lewin's fortunate goal just before half-time.
Burnley are trying to work the perfect opportunity to score on the edge of Everton's box, but they don’t have enough time. The Clarets then lose the ball, and Doucoure comes forward. He rolls a pass down the left to Beto, who tries to work a shot on his left foot. However, he is tackled by Esteve, who pokes it behind for a corner.
Burnley are putting the pressure on in the final few seconds. Gudmundsson's cross flashes across the goal, with Berge collecting it on the other side. Another Clarets cross goes into the box, but Coleman heads it behind. However, it comes to nothing.
FULL-TIME: EVERTON 1-0 BURNLEY
Calvert-Lewin scored a freak goal just before half-time to help Everton to a huge 1-0 win over relegation rivals Burnley at Goodison Park. In a cagey match, it took a mistake from Muric to separate the two sides. He took too long in possession, with his pass bouncing off Calvert-Lewin, looping over his head and into the goal. He made up for his mistake with a big stop to deny the English forward in the second half before O'Shea was sent off for a late slide tackle on McNeil, denying the winger a goal-scoring opportunity. Calvert-Lewin went close again, but his effort from a narrow angle was saved, with Brownhill curling his strike across the goal and wide of the right post for the visitors. Burnley needed to respond in the second half but only registered an xG of 0.05 from their two shots. Kompany's men are six points from safety and host Brighton next. As for Everton, their first win in 13 matches sees them jump above Brentford and into 15th place. The Toffees travel to Chelsea for their upcoming Premier League match. That's all for today, goodbye.
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this Premier League fixture, as Fulham host Newcastle United at Craven Cottage.
Fulham have lost ground in their push to finish in the top half, rescuing a late 3-3 draw at Sheffield United before being well beaten in a 3-1 loss to Nottingham Forest in midweek. 3-0 down in the first half alone and unable to close the gap despite Tosin Adarabioyo scoring early in the second half, Marco Silva will be hoping the Cottagers can produce a response in their first home game since beating Tottenham 3-0 before the international break.
Newcastle were held to a late 1-1 draw by Everton in midweek, conceding an 88th minute penalty to share the points despite dominating for much of the match. After a 4-3 victory over West Ham in the game prior, during which the Magpies were 3-1 down with 13 minutes left on the clock, boss Eddie Howe will be keen to see an improvement from his side against a Fulham defence that has been leaking goals in recent weeks.
FULHAM (4-2-3-1): Bernd Leno; Timothy Castagne, Tosin Adarabioyo, Calvin Bassey, Antonee Robinson; Joao Palhinha, Tom Cairney; Alex Iwobi, Andreas Pereira, Willian; Rodrigo Muniz.
FULHAM SUBS: Marek Rodak, Harrison Reed, Raul Jimenez, Harry Wilson, Armando Broja, Adama Traore, Tim Ream, Bobby De Cordova-Reid, Sasa Lukic.
NEWCASTLE UNITED (4-3-3): Martin Dubravka; Emil Krafth, Fabian Schar, Dan Burn, Lewis Hall; Sean Longstaff, Bruno Guimaraes, Joe Willock; Jacob Murphy, Alexander Isak, Anthony Gordon.
NEWCASTLE UNITED SUBS: Loris Karius, Mark Gillespie, Paul Dummett, Matt Ritchie, Harvey Barnes, Elliot Anderson, Joe White, Amadou Diallo, Alex Murphy.
Marco Silva saw fit to make three changes mid-way through the first half against Forest last time out, and makes a further three to the XI coming into this game. Timothy Castagne, Tom Cairney and Willian all start, with Harry Wilson and Sasa Lukic moving to the bench and Kenny Tete dropping out altogether.
Anthony Gordon was sent off barely minutes after a Harvey Barnes brace had completed Newcastle’s 4-3 turnaround against West Ham, but returns from suspension to displace him on the left wing. Elliot Anderson joins Barnes on the bench, with Joe Willock taking his place on the left-hand side of the Magpies’ midfield three.
The teams are out on the pitch at Craven Cottage, and we'll be ready to go in a few moments' time!
Pereira will kick off for Fulham, and gets this match underway on the banks of the river Thames!
SAVED!!! Fulham have the best of the early possession as Adarabioyo drives forward from the back. His cross-field pass finds Willian on the left and Cairney finds Robinson in support, who cuts inside and fires a left-footed shot which is saved at his near post by Dubravka!!
Following some risky passing in their own box, Fulham spring a counter-attack and the ball comes to Robinson on the left again. He takes on Krafth around the outside and crosses low into the box, but Schar steps in with a skewed clearance which sails behind for the game's first corner!!
The hosts win a second successive corner which is played short for Iwobi to cross into the box, but his high, hanging effort is easily claimed and caught by Dubravka.
CHANCE!! Successive wide passes from Iwobi and Pereira open up space down the left for Willian to run into. He scoops the ball towards Muniz in the box, but the Brazilian can't bring it under control on the volley and the chance goes astray!
Isak cuts inside and curls an effort goalwards from the edge of the box, but it's seen all the way and caught with ease by Fulham's goalkeeper Leno.
WIDE!! Willian's byline cross from the left is half-clear by Schar and Krafth but falls kindly to Cairney, who returns serve with a right-footed snap-shot which whistles just wide of the far post!!
WIDE!!! The best of several early chances for Fulham is wasted!! Castagne makes a darting run in behind and is found by Iwobi before cutting the ball back to Pereira. He lays it off to Willian, whose first effort ricochets back into his path, and the second on the rebound is drilled just wide by the Brazilian!!
Fulham have won nine of their 15 Premier League home games so far this season, their most in a single top-flight campaign since 10 in 2011-12. They’ve scored at least three goals in seven of these victories, last scoring as many in nine different top-flight home games back in 1966-67.
Krafth's header behind from an Iwobi cross results in a corner to Fulham, but Pereira's delivery is glanced away from danger by Dubravka's punch on the goal-line!
WIDE!!! Castagne stretches and slides to keep a throughball in play and cuts it back to Palhinha, whose first-time shot flashes across the face of goal before rolling just inches beyond the back post!!
Fulham continue to push forwards as Palhinha has time and space to pick out numbers in the box, but Schar gets there first to head behind for a far-post corner, with Newcastle barely hanging on here!
Newcastle have lost nine of their 14 Premier League away games this season, three times as many defeats as the three they suffered in the whole of last term. They last reached 10 defeats on the road in 15 or fewer games in 2015-16, with 13 at this stage.
SAVED!!! Robinson's cross is taken down at the near post by Pereira, who beats Schar to the bounce and sees his close-range effort saved by Dubravka!
Willian is clipped late by Krafth as he looks to cut inside on the counter for the hosts, and the Newcastle full-back is met with an early yellow card for that poor challenge.
Across Fulham’s last 20 Premier League matches, there have been 71 goals scored at an average of 3.6 per game. Indeed, since a 0-0 draw with Everton in January, there have been at least three goals scored in each of the Cottagers’ last nine games.
Newcastle goalkeeper Dubravka is down on his haunches in the box, and is soon receiving treatment for what appears to be a knee injury. He's got two other keepers on the bench, but having already lost his number one Nick Pope earlier in the season, Eddie Howe will be hoping the Slovakian can stay on!
Having been unbeaten in all seven of their Premier League away games against London sides last season, Newcastle are winless in all four so far this term. They’ve lost their last three in a row too, and last lost more consecutive matches in the capital between January and April 2019, a run of four.
Palhinha's cross-field ball down the right is just about kept in play by Iwobi at full stretch, but his looping cross on the half-volley is caught well by Dubravka!
CHANCE!!! Iwobi's drilled pass into the middle ricochets into the path of Muniz, but neither he nor Cairney can get a shot away from right in front as Dubravka dives into the line of fire and smothers the ball!
Dubravka's down once again following that mad scramble in the six-yard box, but after catching a stray boot or two, he's soon back to his feet and taking the free-kick.
Fulham have won just one of their last 10 Premier League games against Newcastle, a 1-0 home win in March 2014. They’ve failed to score on seven occasions in this run, netting just three goals overall.
CHANCE!! Longstaff threads a pass through with Isak bearing down on goal, but Leno dives on it before the Newcastle striker can get a shot away!
OVER!!! Pereira dribbles into space and sizes up a shot from 25 yards out, but can only send his effort sailing over the crossbar!!
WIDE!!! Gordon comes forward now for Newcastle and lets fly from a similar position to Pereira, but his low drive has Leno beaten before flashing just past the far post!!
Newcastle are still yet to play out a goalless draw in the Premier League this season and are averaging exactly 14 shots per game - 420 shots in their 30 games. They averaged 15 shots per game last season, with this the first time they’ve had 14+ shots per game in consecutive seasons since 2012-13 (14) and 2013-14 (15.2).
WIDE!!! Gordon steps inside, then back outside to beat Castagne before shooting, but his low strike is across the face of goal once more and rolls beyond the upright!!
SAVED!!! Dubravka bails out the Newcastle defence!! Schar's poor touch from a long ball forward gifts a glorious chance to Pereira and Muniz, but the latter's low shot from close range is saved and held by the goalkeeper at point-blank range!
It's another game and yet another injury for Newcastle, as Willock pulls up with ankle trouble on halfway. He's eventually helped to his feet and trudges off, with Elliot Anderson on to replace him in midfield.
CHANCE!!! The Magpies win a free-kick on the left which is swung into the box by Hall and sparks chaos for Fulham. Headed efforts from Schar and Burn are both blocked, before the ball comes to Isak who shoots over just as the offside flag is raised!
CHANCE!!! What a breakaway goal that would've been!! A promising-looking Newcastle attack falls down and Pereira plays Iwobi into acres of space down the right. His curling cross is controlled brilliantly by Muniz, who chests the ball down and heads it on but can't get a shot away as Krafth and Schar crowd him out!
We'll play five added minutes at the end of this first half, with both sides looking to throw numbers forward at every possible opportunity!
A fantastic clipped pass from Guimaraes releases Isak in behind Bassey, but the Fulham centre-back forces him wide and denies him from shooting as he wins the ball back!
The previous Premier League fixture between the sides saw Newcastle win 3-0 at St. James' Park in December, but it's been Fulham who've looked the side more likely to open the scoring this time around.
HALF-TIME: FULHAM 0-0 NEWCASTLE UNITED.
No goals at the break, but that's not for a lack of trying as Fulham and Newcastle have both produced chances aplenty so far. The hosts started by far the brighter and had several early opportunities, with Robinson, Pereira and Muniz all forcing saves from Dubravka and firing wide through Cairney, Willian and Palhinha. Newcastle took their time to grow into the contest and saw two Gordon efforts in quick succession drilled past each post, but have also had to deal with further injury worries to Dubravka and Willock. The latter was forced off late in the half, and the Magpies will be hoping they can build on their late momentum in the first half to make more of an impact in the second.
Pereira has been at the heart of Fulham's many attacks so far in this game, firing off two shots so far with one each on and off-target. He's also created two chances from 11 passes into the final third, putting in six total crosses and winning possession on four occasions, twice of which have been in Newcastle's own defensive third as the hosts look to force the issue in response to their poor showing against Nottingham Forest.
Newcastle will kick off the second half, and Isak gets the game back up and running with all to play for at Craven Cottage.
A deep free-kick from Guimaraes is flicked on into the path of Murphy at the far post, but he can't keep his shot down from an acute angle and it flies well over the top!
Fulham may have stopped their opposition from scoring a first-half goal in 19 of their 32 Premier League games this season, but have also failed to score one themselves on 21 occasions. Only Sheffield United (23) have failed to score a first-half goal more often in the Premier League this season.
Gordon's low cross into the area isn't dealt with properly by Adarabioyo and leaves the door open for Isak, but Leno's off his line to swipe the ball clear and Iwobi's clearance ricochets behind off Hall for a goal-kick.
SAVED!!! Gordon strides forward on the break for Newcastle and cuts inside Castagne before shooting, but his effort is well parried by Leno and Fulham will look to counter themselves!
Longstaff prevents Robinson from releasing Fulham's forward runners by dragging the left-back to ground from behind, earning a yellow card early in the second half.
Newcastle's injury woes show no sign of abating as Schar pulls up before limping off for further assessment, and the visitors will have plenty of fingers crossed that the Swiss centre-back can continue here!
Newcastle sit eighth in the Premier League table on 44 points, while Fulham are placed 13th on 39 points. With eight matches to play, the Magpies trail fifth-placed Tottenham by 13 points for a spot in the Europa League, and Fulham are 18 points outside of a place for the same tournament.
Iwobi is isolated on the right-hand side and pulls the ball back for Palhinha to put into the box, but the Portuguese instead goes for goal with a curling strike that sails over the crossbar!
Pereira's throughball down the left for Robinson is deflected into the box itself with Muniz sniffing around, but Schar shows a good turn of pace to get there first and shield Dubravka from any potential danger.
SAVED!!! Pereira plays a one-two with Muniz on the edge of the box before receiving the return ball, stepping inside, and shooting. His left-footed strike looks bound for the bottom-right corner, but Dubravka gets down low to parry it away from the goalmouth!!
Forward come the hosts at speed as Cairney dribbles into the final third and passes wide to Robinson, whose first-time cross is claimed by Dubravka with Iwobi just inches away from getting his head on it!
CHANCE!!! Isak puts Gordon into space on the left and the winger darts into the box, beating Castagne around the outside.  He cuts back for Isak, but Adarabioyo sticks a foot in to send the ball just wide of the near post and behind, with Leno beaten!
Newcastle make their first change of the second half as last weekend's hero Harvey Barnes enters the fray, replacing Murphy out wide for the visitors.
Three changes in one go from Marco Silva with his side still pushing for that all-important opener, with Sasa Lukic taking captain Cairney's place in the middle of the park.
Adama Traore also comes on for Fulham, and he'll replace Pereira in what's been a free attacking role for the Brazilian in the opening 65 minutes.
Willian also comes off in Fulham's third change, with Harry Wilson on to likely operate off the left or through the middle of the hosts' attack.
BLOCKED!!! Longstaff is teed up by Anderson on the edge of the box and lets fly, but his strike takes a wicked deflection off Adarabioyo and loops behind for a Newcastle corner!
Barnes looks to get away from Lukic on the break but is hauled to ground by the Fulham substitute, who picks up a yellow card barely three minutes after coming onto the pitch.
Longstaff's floated pass forward results in a foot-race between Isak and Bassey to get on the end of it first, but neither does so as Leno comes off his line to punch the ball away from danger.
CHANCE!!! How has no-one in white turned that home?? Fulham win a free-kick on the left flank and Wilson whips in an absolutely sensational low cross, but neither Palhinha, Bassey nor Adarabioyo can get on the end of the ball as it fizzes across the face, and Newcastle survive!
The hosts win another set-piece on the opposite side as Burn blocks Lukic's cutback behind for a corner, but after winning a second in quick succession, Wilson's delivery is caught in the middle by Dubravka!
BALL IN THE NET!!! Newcastle think they've opened the scoring!!! Gordon's initial cross from a corner is half-cleared back into the winger's feet, and his second attempt falls for Schar at the far post, who lashes in from a tight angle!! The visitors celebrate, but VAR wants to have a second look at this...
NO GOAL!!!! There's been a lengthy look at the entire goal sequence from both the VAR officials and the referee, and while there's nothing wrong with Schar's positioning or strike, the prior challenge between Burn and Bassey at the far post is judged to be a foul against the Fulham defender!!
Newcastle's players are far from happy with that decision, with Burn in particular feeling it was a fair challenge at the far post!!
Krafth's snap-shot at the far post is blocked back into his path and he stands up a cross into the middle, but Newcastle are penalised in the air once more as Anderson collides with Adarabioyo!
GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLLL!!!!! No chalking that one off for Newcastle!!! Barnes sets off on a brilliant run down the left and clips a cross into the centre. It's skewed out of the goalmouth by Robinson, but falls to Guimaraes who fires the rebound into the bottom-left corner!!! 1-0 inside the final 10 minutes, and the Magpies will feel that it's justice done for their disallowed strike just minutes earlier!
Fulham have failed to win in their last 5 matches when conceding the first goal in a Premier League match, dating back to their new year's eve comeback against Arsenal.
Wilson and Krafth slide in to get on the end of a loose ball, but the Fulham winger crashes into the advertising boardings! It's a fairly hard blow to the head, but after an assessment from the medical team, he's cleared to carry on.
OVER!!! Fantastic play through the middle from Guimaraes frees up space for Gordon in the box, but the winger can only fire over the bar with Leno all-but beaten!! He simply had to do better there!!
Another pair of changes coming up late for Fulham, with Armando Broja on in place of Palhinha.
Raul Jimenez also comes on in Muniz's place up front, with Marco Silva going all-out-attack in the final few minutes here!
Iwobi and Jimenez combine down the right as Fulham stream forward on the counter, but Schar slides in to deflect the latter's cutback behind for a corner.
Newcastle United have scored 17 goals in the last 15 minutes of their second halves this season, with only Premier League leaders Liverpool scoring more often in this period!
We've got an extra NINE minutes to play at Craven Cottage - will that be enough to Fulham to rescue at least a point in this game?
Robinson whips another left-sided cross into the Newcastle box late on, but it's deflected and Schar heads behind for a Fulham corner.
Wilson's given time and space to cross and duly fires the ball into the box despite a lack of runners. Dubravka is drawn out by the cross, but it's Hall who steps in to head behind, landing awkwardly and picking up an injury which could see his game end early!
It looks as if Eddie Howe was planning to make replacements anyway as Paul Dummett comes on for Hall at left-back as one of two late changes.
Gordon played a key role in Schar's disallowed goal just prior to Guimaraes giving Newcastle the lead, and the England winger comes off now for Matt Ritchie to see the game out.
BLOCKED!!! Fulham exert further late pressure as Krafth concedes a corner down the left-hand side. Wilson's delivery into the middle is headed goalwards before being spilled by Dubravka, and Ritchie gets in the way of Jimenez's shot on the follow-up!!
CHANCE!!! What a defensive intervention that was!! A long ball forward from the back sends Broja racing in behind the Magpies' defence, but Burn keeps pace with the substitute to dispossess him and put the ball behind for another late corner!
An unconvincing Dubravka punch from the corner frees up space for Wilson to cross straight back into the area, but the Welshman overcooks his attempt and it sails high and wide to Newcastle's relief!
SAVED!!! Guimaraes drives into the final third before finding Isak to his right, and the striker cuts inside one defender before shooting goalwards! Leno makes a vital parry into the path of Anderson, but he can only blaze the rebound wide from close range!!
FULL-TIME: FULHAM 0-1 NEWCASTLE UNITED.
Full-time at Craven Cottage and that late strike from Guimaraes, on his 100th appearance for the club, secures a snatch-and-grab victory for Newcastle United!! The Magpies may have had a strike from Schar chalked off just moments prior to the Brazilian's goal in the 81st minute, but Fulham - who mustered more xG (1.27 - 0.59) - will feel they did more than enough to get something out of this game! Their mountain of chances from the first half was followed up by Pereira forcing a save from Dubravka, plus Jimenez and Broja both being denied from close range late on, but the hosts couldn't find a way past Newcastle, who looked to have been denied an earlier opener by VAR. Gordon had seen an early effort kept out by Leno and crossed towards Burn at the far post, whose challenge on Bassey was ruled to be a foul before Schar lashed the ball home! However, Guimaraes would right Newcastle's wrongs just six minutes later, drilling a rebound shot into the bottom corner after Barnes' cross was scythed clear. A second win in three games allows the Magpies to keep pace in the fight for European football, while back-to-back defeats for Fulham sees them drop further down the table into 14th place.
Hello and welcome to the live coverage of this Premier League game between Luton Town and Bournemouth!
Rob Edwards’ team talk might be pretty easy, just remind them of the game they played at the Vitality Stadium. They were 3-0 up and coasting at half-time but a spectacular Bournemouth arrived after the break and scored four goals to win the game. They have a perfect opportunity to get revenge here and make sure that Bournemouth don’t do the double over them for the first time since 2007/08. That was when they were both in League One, but Bournemouth did win 4-3 at home against them that season as well, so has much really changed?
Bournemouth have turned a corner. It looked a bit doom and gloom at the start of 2024 after they had struggled to win and got knocked out of the FA Cup by Championship side Leicester City. That has completely changed and since their cup exit they haven’t lost, and that included an incredible 4-3 comeback against today’s opponents Luton. The Cherries have loved playing away and they have only lost two of their last nine on the road, so it could be a cracker here at Kenilworth Road.
LUTON TOWN (3-4-3) Thomas Kaminski; Reece Burke, Teden Mengi, Daiki Hashioka; Alfie Doughty, Ross Barkley, Jordan Clark, Issa Kabore; Tahith Chong, Andros Townsend, Carlton Morris.
SUBSTITUTES: Luke Berry, Joseph Johnson, Tim Krul, Pelly-Ruddock Mpanzu, Zack Nelson, Fred Onyedinma, Axel Piesold, James Shea, Cauley Woodrow.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Milos Kerkez, Lloyd Kelly, Illia Zabarnyi, Adam Smith; Ryan Christie, Lewis Cook; Marcus Tavernier, Justin Kluivert, Antoine Semenyo; Dominic Solanke.
SUBSTITUTES: Max Aarons, Romain Faivre, James Hill, Dango Ouattara, Alex Scott, Marcos Senesi, Mark Travers, Enes Unal.
Luton are in their toughest spell since coming up to the Premier League, they haven’t won in their last ten games but that hasn’t stopped Edwards from being consistent with his line-up. He has made two changes from their 2-0 defeat to Arsenal midweek. Burke and Chong come in while Onyedinma and Mpanzu drop to the bench. Luton sit three points behind Nottingham Forest who are 17th, and this is the team that Edwards’ trust to close the gap.
With a tight game on Tuesday against Crystal Palace, Andoni Iraola has made a few changes. He has rewarded Kluivert with a start after he scored the winner against Palace, and Kerkez and Semenyo also come into the starting line-up. Senesi makes his return to the bench after injuring himself against Burnley a month ago, and with the team in such fine form, Indoni has opted for as little change as possible.
Bournemouth's last visit to Bedfordshire was two years ago, and that was when the two teams were in the Championship. The two sides have been great stories as they have risen through the leagues and kick-off in their Premier League game is only moments away.
Andy Madley has blown the whistle and we are underway at Kenilworth Road.
Neither team has managed to keep possession well in the early stages. Barkley gives the ball away and Luton get it straight back.
Barkley has the first effort of the game, and hopefully, the quality gets a bit better. He collects the ball on the edge of the D and lofts his shot over the goal.
Chong tries to catch Bournemouth out with a quick throw-in to Doughty, but Smith gets back and blocks the cross and it goes out for a corner.
Luton have the ball in Bournemouth's box but as Doughty takes the ball down he is deemed to have used his hand, and Bournemouth hold on. It was a tight call but the Cherries get away with it.
OFF THE BAR! What an effort from Tavernier! He takes a stuttered run-up on his free-kick and cannons his effort off the part of the woodwork where the post and crossbar meet. Kaminski was scrambling, it's difficult to say if he would have saved it. It was a great shot.
Bournemouth are slightly cranking up the pressure, and Solanke pressures Doughty into giving away a throw-in.
Tavernier is looking lively. Solanke lays the ball off to him, and the young winger continues to move inwards until he hits a bending effort that flashes past the post.
OFF THE POST AGAIN! LUTON ARE LIVING DANGEROUSLY! This time it's Kluivert who fancies his luck. He picks up the ball and moves it to his right foot and aims for the far corner, it looks goal-bound but it clips the post. Edwards waves his hands in the air, his team are seriously under pressure.
Kluivert again! This front four of Semenyo, Tavernier, Solanke and the Dutchman are causing all sorts of chaos. Semenyo leads the counter-attack and plays through Kluivert who looks to bend his shot into the top corner but it nestles on top of the goal.
CHONG FIRES OVER! It is all action here! Chong picks up the ball with his back to goal and he manages to swivel and shoot but it goes over. It is a promising sign here for Luton.
Luton's medical team are on the pitch checking up on Mengi. He sat down off the ball, and they are stretching his right leg out.
We are back underway he and Clark has to flick Tavernier's cross out for a corner.
WHAT A SAVE! Kaminski somehow kept Bournemouth out! Solanke is waiting at the back post and he looks surprised that Semenyo didn't get a touch on the corner and instinctively hits the ball towards Kaminski, who slaps the shot away.
Luton are winless in their last four home games and conceded first on all four occasions. They have come close to going behind multiple times so far but they remain level for now.
Bournemouth find themselves in a good position and Christie sprays one out wide but it hits Kerkez's hand and Madley blows for a free-kick in Luton's favour. They were in a good position but wasted the opportunity.
Doughty delivers a poor corner but it goes out and he has a second chance to redeem himself, the wind is causing some issues for him to be fair and his second effort isn't much better.
Some brave defending from Luton to deny Bournemouth there. Kabore puts his head in a dangerous area and scoops it clear to Chong, who adds extra distance to the clearance.
Mengi is down again after a clash of knees. He is screaming in pain and the medics are on the pitch. He has been in the wars in the first half.
Mengi has returned and we get back to the action with Bournemouth just passing the ball among each other.
Chong and Morris look like they were stuck in a corner but they manage to win a corner. The wind is still causing problems for Doughty and his cross is cleared to Chong who blasts over.
Barkley opts to have another shot from the edge of the area. This one was far better than his early chance, it was on target but got blocked on the way through.
There are only three minutes added on in this half.
HALF-TIME: LUTON TOWN 0-0 BOURNEMOUTH
Bournemouth had their chances to take a first-half lead, but they found Kaminski and the woodwork a familiar foe. Tavernier struck the post with a venomous free-kick, and then Kluivert clipped the same post as he tried to find the far corner. Kaminski then reacted well to deny Solanke. The travelling side have shown why they are unbeaten in five games but they slowed down towards the end of the half. Luton have struggled to forge chances, with Barkley's long-range efforts the most noteworthy.
The Cherries started to slow down towards the break, but when they quickened the play Indoni's side looked too much to handle for Luton. Luton defended their box well with most of Bournemouth's chance coming from distance, but they have struggled to find themselves in a positive position in Bournemouth's half. Edwards would like to see his side have a couple more shots and test Neto, who hasn't had a save to make.
FULL-TIME: LUTON 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH
We are back underway here, which team will be the first to score here?
Neto is called into action for the first time today. Morris does well to fire across goal and Neto reacts quickly to parry it away. It is difficult to see if it was on target or not, but the Brazilian wasn't taking any chances.
Barkley's shots are getting closer and closer. The first went sky-high, the second was defended well and this one went through to Neto who got down low to stop the Englishman.
NETO SAVES AGAIN! He has been among it in the opening six minutes. Morris tries to flick the ball to a teammate but it comes back to him and he drills it towards goal but Neto gets a strong hand to it.
WHAT A STRIKE! BOURNEMOUTH LEAD 1-0! Tavernier called for it and it fell perfectly in his path to drill his effort into the bottom corner. It might be a bit harsh on Luton after such a strong start after the break, but he was given space and punished.
Kluivert played a simple pass, but it was weighted well and allowed Tavernier to run onto it and strike it first time. A goal and an assist in his last two games now for the Dutchman.
Barkley shrugs off Semenyo and runs into space, he tries to poke it into the corner but doesn't hit the ball right and it bobbles wide of Neto's goal.
Tavernier is down injured and he looks gutted. He scored a great goal and has been a menace to Luton's backline throughout. The medic is on and is stretching the goalscorer's leg.
Tavernier cannot carry on and he walks straight down the tunnel and is replaced by Ouattara.
Ouattara is right into the action and is taken out as he tries to race away. Madley has an easy decision to give a free-kick, but Kluivert puts way too much power on it and Kaminski collects the ball for a goal kick.
Hashioka has had some moments on the right-hand side but his game has been run and Berry comes on.
Townsend also comes off for Onyedinma who slots into where the Englishman was playing.
Luton fans aren't too happy with Smith as he takes his time with a throw-in and then moves a couple of yards from where he should have.
NETO SAVE AGAIN! It is fair to say Luton have had fair better chances in the second period but they have been matched by Neto. Chong and Berry move the ball along to Doughty who tries to find the bottom corner but cannot beat Neto.
Bournemouth's goalscorer makes way for Billing with just over 20 minutes to go.
Semenyo has been the quietest out of the three behind Solanke, but he has had a good game. Unal comes on and will play up top with Solanke and he will look to add to his sole goal in the Premier League so far.
The game has become a bit scrappy with Luton more direct in their play. It hasn't made it the greatest affair in the past five minutes, but Bournemouth are struggling to deal with it.
GOAAAAAL! LUTON LEVEL IT! It has been coming and in the second half, it is difficult to say they don't deserve it. Clark started the move with a surging run and carried on forward where he found himself in the box and found the bottom corner. It is 1-1 and can Luton get a vital winner with 17 minutes to play?
It was a rather fortunate assist and it won't make Berry's showreel but he battled hard and the ball popped through to Clark who was lethal with his finish.
Bournemouth's bench aren't too happy now and Madley brandished a yellow card to one of Indoni's assistance. Kenilworth Road has just cranked up a level as well, it is going to be a difficult final 10 minutes for Bournemouth.
Unal tries to get on the end of Solanke's through ball, but Doughty comes across and guides the ball back to his keeper.
Chong has been bright but struggled with the final ball and he makes way for Woodrow.
KAHORE AND KAMINSKI DENY SOLANKE! It was a great joint effort to stop Solanke who ran through and was met by a fierce challenge from the defender and a block from Kaminski. Great defending.
Senesi makes his return to the Bournemouth side as he replaces Kerkez.
Scott also makes an appearance coming on for Cook, who was quiet throughout.
Bournemouth continue to not let Luton have anything once they reach their half and have defended the wide areas very well. If not for an unfortunate deflection, they may not have found themselves pegged back.
THEY HAVE DONE IT! LUTON HAVE WON IT! Morris gets in the box and wrestles past his defender to tuck the ball into the bottom corner. How important will that goal be for their Premier League survival? It has been coming and Morris shows great strength to get to the ball and score to make it 2-1.
Woodrow has come on and got the winning assist, what a cross!
Six minutes added on here.
Scott tries to find the far corner but is met but it goes just wide and no one can get a touch on it. That should be it.
FULL-TIME: LUTON TOWN 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH
Morris left it late but they have won it! They are level on points with Nottingham Forest albeit having played a game extra. It was a deserved victory with the xG 1.42 to 0.33. Tavernier opened the scoring seven minutes after the break when he hit a driven shot past Kaminski. It was their first flurry forward in the second half, and Neto was forced to deny Morris and Barkley on a few occasions and in the 73rd minute Clark netted the equaliser with a clinical finish. They pushed for a winner but were met by a resilient Bournemouth, who were unbeaten in five until Morris popped up with a crucial winner. Luton have six games to hunt Nottingham Forest down, the next challenge… Manchester City away! Thanks for joining us and goodbye!
Hello and welcome to live coverage of the Premier League meeting between Manchester United and Liverpool at Old Trafford!
Just three weeks ago, these sides met here in a thrilling FA Cup quarter-final that saw Amad Diallo score a 121st-minute winner to see United through to the next round with a 4-3 victory. It hasn't been smooth sailing in the Red Devils' two games since though, as they've given up leads deep in stoppage time to draw 1-1 with Brentford and lose 4-3 to Chelsea in the Premier League. Before the international break, they'd lost just two of their last 12 games in all competitions (W9 D1), and Erik ten Hag's side can't afford any more slip-ups if they want to get a European place for next season.
As for Liverpool, they've slipped to second in the table after Arsenal's win over Brentford yesterday, but another three points here will lift them back into top spot. The Reds are unbeaten in their last seven Premier League games (W6 D1) but have kept just one clean sheet in that run. They've also lost just one of their last 11 league games against United (W6 D4), though that was this exact fixture last season when they were beaten 2-1.
MANCHESTER UNITED STARTING XI (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Harry Maguire, Willy Kambwala, Diogo Dalot; Casemiro, Kobbie Mainoo; Alejandro Garnacho, Bruno Fernandes, Marcus Rashford; Rasmus Hojlund.
MANCHESTER UNITED SUBS: Harry Amass, Sofyan Amrabat, Altay Bayindir, Christian Eriksen, Amad Diallo, Omari Forson, Mason Mount, Habeeb Ogunneye, Antony.
LIVERPOOL STARTING XI (4-3-3): Caoimhin Kelleher; Conor Bradley, Jarell Quansah, Virgil van Dijk, Andy Robertson; Alexis Mac Allister, Wataru Endo, Dominik Szoboszlai; Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez, Luis Diaz.
LIVERPOOL SUBS: Jayden Danns, Harvey Elliott, Cody Gakpo, Joe Gomez, Ryan Gravenberch, Curtis Jones, Ibrahima Konate, Adrian, Kostas Tsimikas.
Ten Hag makes just two changes to the side that lost to Chelsea on Thursday. Raphael Varane picked up an injury in that game, as did his half-time replacement Jonny Evans, so 19-year-old Kambwala comes in to partner Maguire at centre-back. Rashford also starts in place of Antony, who drops to the bench.
Jurgen Klopp makes three changes from their win over Sheffield United in midweek. Endo has shaken off a knock to start, with Quansah and Robertson also being brought in. Konate, Gomez and Gravenberch all start on the bench.
The teams are out on the pitch now, with kick-off just moments away!
Fernandes gets the game under way for United!
NO GOAL! With just over 60 seconds on the clock, Fernandes slides the ball between the Liverpool centre-backs to pick out Garnacho's run, and he takes it around Kelleher in the box before slotting it into an empty net. He was well offside though, and it won't count.
GREAT SAVE! At the other end, Liverpool almost take the lead as it's switched out to Szoboszlai on the left of the box. Onana rushes off his line to close him down and gets a strong hand to the Hungarian's shot to keep it out.
It's been a very open start to the game so far, and United are on the attack again here. Rashford is brought down, but the referee plays an advantage as Casemiro threads it into Wan-Bissaka's feet, but he can't touch it through to Hojlund.
After initially playing the advantage to United for a late tackle on Rashford, the referee now goes back to book Bradley for it.
Garnacho (19), Kambwala (19) and Mainoo (18) all start for United today, making it the first time the Red Devils have started three teenagers in a Premier League match against Liverpool.
CLOSE! Nunez flicks on Robertson's corner at the near post, and it's falling nicely for Szoboszlai on the edge of the box. He puts his laces through it, but his shot doesn't tip in time as it fizzes over the crossbar.
Liverpool are starting to find their rhythm in possession now, and after pushing their way through midfield, Szoboszlai slides it forward for Nunez. He's trying to tee up Diaz to his left, but a deflection off Dalot takes it looping out for a corner.
United are happy to slow the pace of the game down when they win set-pieces, and it's already starting to annoy the away fans. The hosts don't make it out of their own half before giving up possession once more though.
Fernandes is down in the box claiming that he got a tug by Bradley, though there wasn't much in it. The offside flag is up against the United captain anyway.
CHANCE! That's three big chances for Szoboszlai so far in this match! Robertson curls a pacy low cross into the box from the left, and the Hungarian can only scuff it wide of the near post with a poor first touch.
Liverpool push forward in numbers once more, and Robertson is given a lot of space down the left-hand side. He curls another cross into the box, but nobody is there to meet it this time.
Endo wriggles away from Casemiro in the middle of the park, and he spots Salah making a darting run towards the far post. He tries to float it into him, but a vital touch from Mainoo takes it out for a corner.
DIAZ SCORES! Robertson swings the resulting corner into the box, and it's really poor defending from United. Nunez flicks in on at the near post after getting in front of Wan-Bissaka, and Diaz is on hand at the back to acrobatically scissor-kick it into the back of the net from close range. 1-0 Liverpool!
It's a good run by Nunez to get in front of his marker, and he's stretching awkwardly to meet it, but he still manages to help it on.
It's all Liverpool at the moment as they continue to keep United penned deep inside their own half. Garnacho gets tight to Robertson to prevent another cross from going in, but at the expense of a corner.
Fernandes wins a free-kick in midfield and curls a lovely delivery into the far post, where Casemiro is completely unmarked. He heads it back across goal, but Hojlund goes to ground before he can make contact with it.
Another promising United attack fizzles out, and Robertson goes long down the left, but a loose touch off Kambwala plays Nunez in. The youngster recovers well though, and slides in to block his shot, making it an easy collection for Onana.
No Premier League player has provided more assists across all competitions this season than Nunez (13).
GOOD SAVE! Rashford cheaply gives the ball away, and Casemiro can't retain possession before Quansah cushions it forward to set Mac Allister on the counter. He plays a lovely throughball into Salah, but his curling shot across goal is pushed away by Onana.
ONANA SAVES AGAIN! The resulting corner is flicked on by Nunez at the near post once more, and Salah brings the ball down to try his luck once more. This one looks like it's heading wide, but Onana takes no chances.
SO CLOSE! United fail to clear their lines from yet another Liverpool corner and Endo lays it off to Nunez on the edge of the box. His long-range shot is dipping, but only enough for it to land on the roof of the net.
CHANCE! Robertson is getting a lot of joy down the left side, and Garnacho is chasing back in vain. The defender fizzes a low cross into Salah, who leans back as he hits this shot, and blazes it over the bar.
United may have made a bright start to the game, but since then, they've struggled to break Liverpool down. They're still yet to have a shot, and as Rashford races down the wing in an attempt to change that, he runs it out of play.
Kambwala slid in on Diaz, and though he got the ball, he also caught the Colombian with the follow-through. He stays down, and though the referee allows play to go on, Casemiro puts it out so he can receive treatment if he needs it, which he doesn't.
The home fans are starting to show their frustration as United knock it around between their defenders. There's not a lot of movement in front of them, and when Wan-Bissaka does try to pick out Hojlund, he gets too much on the cross.
BLOCK! Bradley gets the better of Rashford down the right, and he tries to square it to Nunez, but it's just behind the forward. Diaz runs onto it behind him though, and his first-time shot is well-blocked by Dalot.
Dalot steps in to win the ball back in midfield, and when he touches it into Fernandes, his first thought is to get it forward. He doesn't get the throughball right though, and Quansah comfortably intercepts it.
GREAT SAVE! We're into the first of two added minutes here, and Liverpool are looking to double their lead before the break. Nunez plays a one-two with Robertson down the left before firing a pacy shot across goal. Onana smothers it, but the Uruguayan was offside anyway.
Mac Allister cushions it into Salah on the edge of the box, but this time, he chooses to lay it off to Bradley instead. He drills a low shot across goal from a tight angle, but Wan-Bissaka throws himself in front of it.
HALF-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 0-1 LIVERPOOL.
A dominant first-half performance sees Liverpool take a deserved 1-0 lead over United into the break. It could've been a much different story, as the Red Devils thought they'd gotten off to a dream start when Garnacho slotted in after just 65 seconds, but the offside flag rightly disallowed it. After that, it was all Liverpool. Szoboszlai had three great chances - with Onana making a big save to keep out the one on target - before Diaz put them in front with a close-range scissor-kick. Salah also had opportunities to double their lead, and it's no surprise that the Reds have a 74.3 per cent win probability at this stage.
Klopp's team created an xG (expected goals) of 1.65 in the first half from their 15 shots, with four of those on target. They caused United all sorts of problems, but he'll feel that they could've had more goals. United, on the other hand, have an xG of 0 after failing to register a single first-half shot - the first time that's happened since April 2022, also against Liverpool. They slowed right down after a bright start, and Ten Hag has work to do to motivate them for the second half.
Liverpool get us back under way for the second half!
BLOCK! Nunez's throughball wrongfoots Dalot, leaving Robertson in space on the left. He drills a low cross into the middle which Maguire scrambles clear as far as Nunez, who sees his drilled shot blocked by the Englishman.
WHAT A GOAL! Fernandes equalises in style! It's United's first shot of the game, and it comes from a mistake from Quansah as he plays a loose square pass too far in front of Van Dijk. It's straight to Fernandes' feet, and he takes it first time from just inside the centre circle. Kelleher was off his line and couldn't scramble back to keep it out of the empty net. 1-1!
Nunez is still causing United's backline all sorts of problems as he drifts out to the right this time. Kambwala rushes out to block his cross, and he's urging his team to concentrate after another slip.
BLOCK! That goal seems to have done wonders for United's confidence and Garnacho opens up a pocket of space on the edge of the box. He curls a shot on goal, but a deflection off Van Dijk takes it out for a corner.
GREAT SAVE! The hosts take their corner short and Rashford curls a dangerous cross onto the edge of the six-yard box. Casemiro stretches out a leg to get a tap-in, but Kelleher pushes it away just in front of the Brazilian.
It's Liverpool's turn to mount a quick counter, and Salah slides it out to Diaz on the right. He squares it to Nunez at the far post, and from a tight angle, he plays it back across the face of goal before Dalot gets it to safety.
Fernandes' strike had an xG of 0.04, but he finished it wonderfully to get his 50th Premier League goal for United.
It's a neat team move from United as Fernandes sweeps it out to the left, with Wan-Bissaka leaving it for Rashford. He cuts inside to curl another inviting cross into the middle, but nobody attacks it and Kelleher collects.
Casemiro gifts possession back to Liverpool inside his own half, but his team-mates are quick to crowd around Salah to stop him from having a shot. Nunez slips on the rain-slicked pitch as he has a go, but it trickles into Onana's gloves.
CHANCE! Dalot curls a lovely cross over the top, and the Liverpool defenders don't spot Fernandes' run off the back of Van Dijk. He watches it drop over his shoulder, but can only make slight contact on the volley. It's a comfortable one for Kelleher.
Rashford has sat down, and it looks like he has a problem that's going to stop him from carrying on. Both sides are readying changes, and it looks like the winger is going to have to be the one going off for the hosts.
Liverpool are the first to make a double change. Bradley, who was booked very early on in this game, goes off for Gomez.
And Szoboszlai is taken off for Jones.
Rashford does make his way straight off the pitch, though it's unclear what the injury is. Antony replaces him.
MAINOO SCORES! United have turned this game around! Casemiro acrobatically clears the ball upfield, picking out Mainoo in midfield. He helps it out to the left before getting into the box, and Wan-Bissaka plays it back to him. The youngster spins away from Jones to open up space before curling a lovely shot past Kelleher into the far post. 2-1 United!
Wan-Bissaka got his head up and he had options to aim for in the box, but chose to short lay-off to Mainoo, who did the rest.
And Endo, who was a slight doubt coming into this game, makes way for Elliott.
Klopp is not happy with what he's seen from his side so far in the second half, and he's making another double change here. Nunez, who had five shots without scoring today, is replaced by Gakpo.
Liverpool have looked a different side in the second half, and they haven't been at their free-flowing best. They've managed six shots, but haven't tested Onana since the restart.
Mainoo is the first 18-year-old to score a Premier League goal against Liverpool since Cesc Fabregas for Arsenal in May 2005. He's also the youngest-ever United scorer vs the Reds in the competition.
SAVE! Casemiro blocks Mac Allister's throughball and it bounces forward for Hojlund, who wastes no time in picking out Garnacho's overlapping run. He can't quite wrap his foot around the shot though, and it's a comfortable save for Kelleher.
It's a late one from Kambwala as he slides in on Gomez, and he clips the substitute on the bottom of his foot. He picks up United's first booking.
Liverpool are still committing a lot of bodies forward as Robertson races forward down the left once more. United are defending well though, and clear the cross with little problem.
CHANCE! Wan-Bissaka gets caught under the ball, and he can only clear it as far as Gomez, who drills a low shot across goal. It's heading well wide until it takes a nick off Maguire in the middle, but luckily, the deflection is straight at Onana.
MISS! Another cross into the box is only half cleared, and Gomez squares this one to the edge of the box for Diaz. Onana gets down to tip his low shot away, and Salah blasts his first-time shot high over the bar from a tight angle.
Onana has been pushing the limits on how long he can take over a goal-kick. The referee has had enough, and the goalkeeper is booked for time-wasting.
Ten Hag is already looking to try and see this win out as he brings on a defensive-minded player. Garnacho is taken off, with Ambrabat on in his place.
PENALTY TO LIVERPOOL! The away fans had only just finished asking for a handball against Casemiro when Wan-Bissaka slid in to try and nick the ball from Elliott's feet. He doesn't get a touch on it, but does take out the substitute, and the referee points straight to the spot.
SALAH SCORES! Liverpool are back level! The Egyptian takes a long time to place it on the spot and doesn't rush it even when the referee's whistle goes. He stares down Onana for a bit longer, and he does enough as he coolly curls his shot into the bottom-left corner, sending the goalkeeper the wrong way. 2-2!
In the aftermath of the Liverpool goal, United are going to make their final change. The scorer of their second goal, Mainoo, is taken off, with Mount on in his place.
Dalot matches Diaz for pace all the way and slides in to stop the Colombian's cross. They both roll down the hill at the side of the pitch to collide with the advertising boards, but they're quickly back up to carry on.
Liverpool have their belief back, and they're making a late push for a winner here. United are trying to press high, but at the moment, they can't get close to the visitors.
Jones leaves a leg hanging to trip Hojlund, before following up with a sliding tackle to take out Amrabat. He's shown a yellow card.
Fernandes clears two crosses into the United box, giving away a corner as he hooks the second one high into the stands. United have a corner to defend as we head into the first of seven added minutes.
Mac Allister is racing away on a Liverpool counter, and Mount takes one for the team as he slides in with a clumsy tackle from behind. He can have no complaints with that yellow card.
OVER! Mac Allister swings a deep cross into the box, and Robertson rises high above Antony to nod it down into the middle. Diaz rushes onto it, but while off-balance, can only poke it high over the bar.
Antony was convinced that he was fouled by Robertson in that last move, and he's furious that he doesn't get a free-kick. Amrabat moves him away from the referee, but the Brazilian is still booked for dissent.
It's getting a little scrappy in midfield as both sides desperately search for a winner. Fernandes' throughball is cut out, but when Liverpool counter, Quansah overhits his pass to Gakpo straight into Onana's gloves.
SAVE! Fernandes does manage to find space this time, and he slides it down the right for Mount. With Gomez tight to him, he has to rush the shot and can only poke it into Kelleher's gloves.
It's a really poor challenge from Casemiro, who jumps into the tackle and clips Diaz on the top of his foot. He knows what's coming as soon as he looks up, and the yellow card is out again.
SAVE! One last chance in this game, and it's for Liverpool as Robertson swings another free-kick into the box. Maguire's clearing header falls to Elliott, but Onana gets behind the low shot.
FULL-TIME: MANCHESTER UNITED 2-2 LIVERPOOL.
Liverpool miss the chance to go top of the table, with Salah salvaging a late point in a 2-2 draw with Manchester United. Garnacho almost got the hosts off to a dream start, slotting in after just 65 seconds, but the offside flag denied him, and United didn't manage another shot in the first half. Liverpool managed plenty though, and Diaz got the breakthrough with an acrobatic scissor-kick to put the Reds in front. United started the second half strongly, and Fernandes equalised for them with an outstanding goal from just inside the centre circle after intercepting Quansah's loose pass. Mainoo then turned things around with a wonderful curling finish, but Wan-Bissaka slid in late on Elliott to give away a spot-kick in the 84th minute. Salah coolly slotted it into the bottom-left corner, but neither side could find a late winner. Liverpool stay in second, behind Arsenal due to their inferior goal difference, and next up for them is a Europa League quarter-final against Atalanta. United stay in sixth but are winless in three. They travel to Bournemouth next weekend. That's all for today, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our LIVE commentary of the Premier League fixture between Sheffield United and Chelsea!
Bottom of the Premier League and 11 points adrift of safety, Sheffield United are running out of time to try and mount a potential great escape. The Blades had a draw with Liverpool until the last quarter-hour in their match on Thursday, before falling to a 3-1 defeat; a common occurrence as Chris Wilder’s side has also lost leads in two of their last three matches, amassing just two points in that time against Bournemouth and Fulham.
Chelsea’s absolutely unbelievable come-from-behind victory against Manchester United on Thursday - thanks to two goals from Cole Palmer in the 100th and 101st minutes - got Mauricio Pochettino’s side back to winning ways after a rather disappointing 2-2 draw with Burnley last weekend. Victors in two of their last five Premier League games - but undefeated in that time - a win for the Blues could see them go just three points back of Erik Ten Hag’s side in sixth with eight fixtures remaining.
With 15 minutes to go before kick-off, let’s take a look at how the two sides are lining up - starting with our hosts!
SHEFFIELD UNITED XI (3-5-2): Ivo Grbic; Jack Robinson, Anel Ahmedhodzic, Mason Holgate; Auston Trusty, Ben Osborn, Oliver Arblaster, Gustavo Hamer, Jayden Bogle; Ben Brereton Diaz, Oliver McBurnie.
SHEFFIELD UNITED SUBS: Cameron Archer, Oliver Norwood, Wes Foderingham, Vinicius Souza, Anis Ben Slimane, Yasser Larouci, James McAtee, William Osula, Andre Brooks.
CHELSEA XI (4-2-3-1): Djordje Petrovic; Marc Cucurella, Thiago Silva, Trevoh Chalobah, Axel Disasi; Enzo Fernández, Moisés Caicedo; Noni Madueke, Conor Gallagher, Cole Palmer; Nicolas Jackson.
CHELSEA SUBS: Benoit Badiashile, Raheem Sterling, Mykhailo Mudryk, Marcus Bettinelli, Carney Chukwuemeka, Cesare Casadei, Deivid Washington, Teddy Sharman-Lower, Alfie Gilchrist.
Sheffield United make two changes to the side that lost 3-1 to Liverpool last time out, with Osborn replacing Vinicius Souza in midfield, and McBurnie selected ahead of McAtee in attack.
Chelsea make three alterations to the XI that wrestled a victory from the jaws of defeat, beating Manchester United 4-3 on April 4. Silva and Chalobah get the nod ahead of Badiashile and Gusto in defence - with Disasi shifting out to right-back, while Madueke gets the start instead of Mudryk on the left wing.
Chelsea get the match underway from the kick-off!
Robinson hits a long pass into the channel searching for the run of Brereton Diaz but Silva manages to win the race to the loose ball, cleaning up the danger and stepping past his opponent to keep possession.
Palmer finds a pocket of space to receive Gallagher’s pass but the winger takes a little too long to make his mind up, eventually refusing to shoot and trying instead to thread a pass through the defence for Jackson. It’s read well by Ahmedhodzic, who steps across and makes the interception.
Madueke sprints past both Bogle and Holgate before laying a pass off to Fernandez on the edge of the 18-yard box. Looking to switch play, the Argentina international attempts to pick out Palmer on the far side but his intention is read by the defence, who once again steal it back.
Caicedo goes on a run down the wing and is bowled over by a physical Robinson, who gives away a free-kick in a promising position.
Palmer uses his left foot to whip the set-piece into the six-yard box for Disasi, but play is blown to a halt by the referee, with Fernandez fouling Brereton Diaz in the build-up. It’s a free-kick for Sheffield United, with Grbic eager to clear his lines.
Gallagher is given time and space to shoot from 18 yards out but the midfielder is unable to get his whole foot around the curling effort, with the ball sailing high and wide of the target as a result.
CHELSEA TAKE THE LEAD! 1-0! Gallagher’s outswinging corner-kick somehow finds Silva completely unmarked on the penalty spot. The centre-back meets the delivery with a low, right-footed volley into the far corner that leaves Grbic rooted to the spot!
Gallagher has now provided a goal or an assist for Chelsea in each of his last three matches, with his corner-kick today setting Silva up for the go-ahead strike!
Cucurella plays a clever give-and-go with Caicedo down the left wing, looking to break into the penalty area but Bogle manages to get just ahead of his opponent to nod the ball back to his goalkeeper.
Sheffield United have already given themselves a lot to do, with just a quarter-hour of the match gone. Today’s hosts have conceded at least twice in each of their last four Premier League games, giving up a total of 14 goals in that time.
Robinson’s enterprising run down the left puts Trusty in a position to deliver a cross from the byline but Disasi covers a lot of ground to close down the space and concede a corner.
Hamer’s delivery from the inswinging corner-kick is put far too close to Petrovic, who fends off as many as three Sheffield United players to punch the ball away convincingly.
Chelsea have seen over 75 per cent possession in the opening 20 minutes, fashioning 218 passes in that time - compared to Sheffield United’s 68. The hosts are having a difficult time winning the ball back and keeping it under pressure, which Wilder’s side more or less conceding midfield entirely.
CAICEDO WITH A KEY BLOCK! Silva initially beats Hamer in a race to the loose ball near the corner-flag but a casual backpass to Petrovic allows McBurnie to steal across and win it back. After drawing the goalkeeper off his line, the striker squares it to Brereton Diaz, who has a first-time shot towards an open goal but it’s deflected by Caicedo to preserve the Chelsea lead!
Palmer gets into the penalty area with possession of the ball and puts his head down before driving a low strike towards goal but Robinson’s well-timed sliding challenge protects Grbic and turns the ball out for a throw.
Sheffield United have a record of 10 losses and two draws when conceding the opening goal at home in the Premier League this season, while Chelsea is unbeaten away from home when scoring first, with two draws and two victories.
Disasi’s hurried long pass down the flank for Madueke is won in the air by Trusty, who heads it towards Osborn. Immediately, two Chelsea players spring forward to close down the space and force the Sheffield United midfielder to give away possession again, with Silva able to track back and pick up the ball.
Palmer plays a square pass to Caicedo on the edge of the penalty area before continuing his run, with the Ecuador international playing a lovely chipped return-pass. The right-winger meets it with a header across the face of goal for Jackson but it’s cleared away by Holgate.
McBurnie finds himself on the ball inside the penalty area and with only one thought in mind the striker winds up and has a right-footed effort towards goal but it’s blocked from close range by Chalobah.
Chelsea fail to clear their lines after Trusty’s cross from the left, with Hamer collecting it before stepping past Caicedo with a lovely move and hitting a strike from 20 yards out. It’s a good effort that tests Petrovic at his far post, but he manages to make a one-handed save.
BOGLE BRINGS SHEFFIELD UNITED BACK! 1-1! It’s a lovely move from the hosts, with Hamer splitting the Chelsea defence with an incisive pass for Bogle. The wing-back thinks about playing a pass across the face of goal but he instead spots a gap at the near post and punishes Petrovic with an accurate strike!
Hamer was close to scoring just seconds ago, but this time he turns provider with the key pass for Bogle’s equaliser.
Despite dominating the large majority of the first 30 minutes, Chelsea find themselves level. Pochettino’s side have had a poor defensive record in the Premier League, last registering a clean sheet on January 13 against Fulham.
Ahmedhodzic dives into a challenge in an attempt to prod the ball back to his goalkeeper ahead of Madueke, who goes down and immediately turns around looking for a penalty. There was contact between the centre-back and winger but not enough for a spot-kick decides referee Robert Jones, who allows play to continue.
Miscommunication in the Sheffield United defence almost leads to a Cucurella chance after Caicedo’s chipped pass, with Bogle holding the full-back off, expecting his goalkeeper to come off his line to meet it. Grbic stays home and forced Ahmedhodzic into a volleyed clearance that strikes the chest of Bogle before landing somehow into the grateful arms of the Sheffield United shot-stopper.
Cucurella drives a low cross from the left towards the far post for Jackson following an effective Chelsea counter-attack but the ball rolls through the legs of the forward, before drifting behind for a goal-kick.
Chalobah lunges into a sliding challenge and gets the ball, but lifts his leg too high, also making contact with Osborn. It’s a yellow card for the Chelsea centre-back - the first of the game.
Hamer’s deep, inswinging corner to the far post finds the head of McBurnie but before someone can get on the end of the switch, play is blown dead for a foul. Ahmedhodzic is the guilty party, with Chelsea allowed to clear their lines from a free-kick.
Sheffield United have attempted 4 shots on target in this match, higher than their season average of three, with a half of football still to play.
The fourth official indicates two minutes will be added to the end of the half for stoppages.
HALF-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 1-1 CHELSEA.
Chelsea squander an early lead, switching off momentarily to allow Sheffield United to equalise as the two sides head into the interval level at Bramall Lane. The visitors dominated the opening 30 minutes, seeing more than 70 per cent possession while creating an expected goals just above 0.2 - thanks in large part to Silva’s close-range finish that gave Pochettino’s side the advantage after just 11 minutes. Going behind seemed to spark the Blades into life, who finished the half with an expected goals greater than their opponents, finishing with 0.37 and culminating in Bogle’s acute-angle finish just 120 seconds after the half-hour mark. Always likely to threaten on set-pieces, Wilder can be happy with his side’s performance, showing clinical finishing despite controlling the ball just 27 per cent of the time.
With key figures on the bench, Pochettino will not hesitate to freshen up the XI in the second half, with Chelsea still searching for a way to re-take the lead. The pace of Sterling and Mudryk will be an asset as legs tire, with Madueke not really affecting the game in the first half down the left. Sheffield United are in a tricky position - caught in two minds between the value of a point against Chelsea, and a need for three if they hope for any kind of relegation race. McAtee could fill a spot at striker if Wilder acts to give the opposition defence something new to think about, while Vinicius Souza could help to solidify the midfield.
Sheffield United get the match restarted from the kick-off!
McBurnie drives a low cross into the penalty area for Brereton Diaz but it’s picked up by Petrovic in an early warning sign for the visitors.
Osborn’s inswinging corner put inside the six-yard box is easily gathered by Petrovic, who wins the aerial duel and claims it cleanly.
JUST WIDE! Brereton Diaz gets free of Disasi on the wing and curls a right-footed cross towards the back post for McBurnie, who wins his duel with Chalobah and makes contact with the delivery - sending his close-range header bouncing just the wrong side of the woodwork!
Palmer’s leading pass gives Madueke a chance to deliver the ball from an advanced position on the wing but his weak-footed service fails to find a team-mate, sailing high and wide of Grbic’s goal.
Grbic steps outside of his penalty area to beat Palmer to Jackson’s pass, getting there first to sweep it out for a throw-in, buying his side time to regain their shape.
Brereton Diaz mistimes a tackle on Chalobah after losing possession inside Chelsea’s penalty area, catching the centre-back from behind. With the referee in a good spot to view the incident, he doesn’t hesitate to pull out a yellow card.
SO CLOSE! Hamer cuts across the ball to hammer a first-time shot towards the target from 18 yards away, sending the ball swerving dangerously. The goalkeeper has less than a second to react but he can breathe a sigh of relief as he watches it whip narrowly wide!
Chelsea haven’t managed to attempt a shot of any kind in the last half-hour, after registering three in the opening 23 minutes of the contest. The visitors have certainly taken a step back since initially taking the lead, with substitutions likely soon to try and reverse that.
Robinson’s reckless sliding tackle catches Palmer on the Achilles, which immediately produces a yellow card from the referee. Thankfully, the Chelsea winger is able to get right up, but there is a brief VAR check holding up play for a potential red.
After pausing ahead of a Chelsea free-kick in their own half for a VAR review that could have seen Robinson’s yellow card upgraded to red, the referee allows play to continue with the check complete and the on-field decision standing.
Ahmedhodzic leaps into an incredible ill-advised tackle from behind on Jackson, which brings play to a halt for a Chelsea free-kick on the halfway line. Right in front of the technical area, Pochettino protests for a card but none are shown as the visitors restart with a set-piece.
Fernandez’s dangerous corner-kick is tracked by Silva, who forces Trusty to make unwitting contact with the delivery. Grbic reacts quickly however, stepping slightly off his line to claim the looping ball ahead of Disasi.
Madueke leans back and hits a left-footed strike from 15 yards out after playing a give-and-go with Fernandez inside the penalty area, but it flies high over the crossbar with Grbic never under immediate danger.
Palmer follows up his first Premier League hat-trick last time out against Manchester United with an assist for Madueke, finding him isolated with Trusty on the wing to set up Chelsea's go-ahead goal.
CHELSEA RETAKE THE LEAD! Madueke cuts inside from the right in trademark style after receiving a pass from Palmer, before dispatching a venomous left-footed strike that gives the Sheffield United goalkeeper absolutely no chance!
Chelsea have won six of their last eight Premier League games against Sheffield United (one loss and one draw), having lost each of their first three against the Blades in the competition.
Jackson lays off a pass to Caicedo after the midfielder’s enterprising run takes him towards the back post but Bogle’s well-timed challenge puts it behind for a corner.
GOOD SAVE! Grbic leaps up and uses his fingertips to push Palmer’s powerful strike from 20 yards out just over the crossbar for another Chelsea corner!
Palmer’s strike is his last involvement in the match, with Chukwuemeka sent into the fray instead with just over a quarter-hour to play.
Searching for a way back into the game, Wilder makes an attacking substitution - sending a striker on for a defender as McAtee replaces Holgate.
Osborn’s early delivery from a deep position on the left flank for McBurnie is turned behind acrobatically by Chalobah, who gives Sheffield United a chance to attack from a corner.
Sheffield United’s corner leads to a counter-attack for Chelsea after the near-post delivery is cleared but Jackson keeps hold of the ball for too long inside the Blades’ penalty area - allowing Robinson to win it back with a well-timed step.
Chelsea are looking to make a substitution with just under 10 minutes remaining in the game, with Mudryk set to come on. Clearly not comfortable with a one-goal lead, Pochettino is seeming to signal his intent that a bit of insurance is required.
Confirmation of the change as Madueke, who has the match-winning goal as things stand, is recalled to the bench in favour of Mudryk.
Despite seeing 69 per cent possession and fashioning over twice as many passes as their opponents, Sheffield United have created more clinical chances with their limited time on the ball, with four shots on target compared to Chelsea’s three, and an expected goals of 0.68 to the visitors’ 0.37.
Hamer gets ahead of Cucurella in a race to the loose ball in midfield following a cleared Chelsea corner, but the left-back cynically kicks at the heels of his opponent to bring him down and end the counter-attack. It’s a yellow card for Cucurella, with less than five minutes to play.
Archer returns after a spell away from the team due to injury, coming on for Trusty with the hosts still looking for the equaliser.
Hamer’s dangerous inswinging corner is met by the fist of Petrovic, who clears it only as far as his 18-yard box. McAtee takes a touch to settle the ball before laying a pass off for Osborn, who sends his shot directly over the crossbar.
Arblaster is shown a yellow card for a late sliding challenge that upends Gallagher.
There is concern on the Sheffield United bench as Robinson goes down holding his ankle after landing awkwardly, following an aerial duel with Chukwuemeka inside the centre-circle. It’s uncertain as to whether the captain will be able to see out the remainder of the game, with the medical staff on to the pitch.
Robinson will not be able to continue after picking up that ankle injury, with Vinicius Souza filling the hole left by the captain.
Casadei gets two minutes to impress, as he gives Jackson some early rest in stoppage time.
A change at the back for the Blues sees Cucurella come off for Badiashile.
MCBURNIE LEVELS THE SCORE IN INJURY TIME! 2-2! INCREDIBLE! Chelsea fail to clear their lines following Bogle’s launched pass from inside his own half, with Arblaster’s cross headed on first by Hamer and then by Archer. McBurnie pops up behind the opposition defence in an onside position and manages to poke his finish past Petrovic from four yards out to restore parity!
Archer takes just six minutes to make an impact off the bench, providing McBurnie with the assist for Sheffield United's late goal.
The fourth official indicates a minimum of five minutes will be added to the end of the match for stoppages.
Osborne stands up a cross from the left wing looking for Brereton Diaz with the hosts buoyed by their recent goal, but a diving Silva manages to get there first, keeping Petrovic from being called into action.
Ahmedhodzic is booked for protesting the referee’s decision to award Chelsea a free-kick inside their own penalty area after a foul from Hamer on Caicedo.
FULL-TIME: SHEFFIELD UNITED 2-2 CHELSEA.
Another eventful match involving Chelsea ends with the score level, as Sheffield United manage to pull back an equaliser three minutes into stoppage time to share the spoils of a 2-2 draw. Silva’s header following Gallagher’s corner gave the visitors an early lead, but Bogle would make the most of a gap at the near post to restore parity 21 minutes later, to keep the sides even at half-time. Wilder’s team started the second half the better of the two, but Madueke’s powerful strike after cutting inside from the right would give the Blues the advantage with little over 20 minutes to go. To their credit, the Blades would not be denied, battling until the last minute and salvaging a point with a scrappy, close-range finish from McBurnie after two flick-ons from Hamer and Archer. The tie keeps Sheffield United in last place - 10 points from safety - ahead of a match against Brentford on April 13. Chelsea stay in ninth position, three points behind Newcastle, and host Everton in eight days. That concludes our commentary of the Premier League fixture between Sheffield United and Chelsea, we hope you’ve enjoyed it!
Hello, and welcome to live coverage of this fixture in the Premier League, as Tottenham Hotspur host Nottingham Forest in a match with significant implications at both ends of the table.
Fifth-placed Spurs can overtake Aston Villa in what could well end up being the final Champions League qualification place with a win by any scoreline in this game, having missed the chance to do just that last time out as they were held 1-1 by West Ham at the London Stadium. This match takes place under a cloud, however, after an individual lost their life following an incident in the same community as the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium last night. As a result, several roads usually frequented by fans have been cordoned off, but Spurs confirmed earlier on Sunday that this game would go ahead as planned.
Forest are in a resurgent mood towards the bottom end of the ladder, and continued their three-match unbeaten streak with a well-deserved 3-1 victory over Fulham at the City Ground in midweek. The Reds are still firmly in the relegation mix though, and level on points with 18th placed Luton following their win yesterday, but can pull three clear of the dotted line and close the gap on Brentford and Everton above them with a win in north London.
TOTTENHAM (4-2-3-1): Guglielmo Vicario; Pedro Porro, Cristian Romero, Micky van de Ven, Destiny Udogie; Yves Bissouma, Pape Sarr; Brennan Johnson, James Maddison, Timo Werner; Son Heung-Min.
TOTTENHAM SUBS: Brandon Austin, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Radu Dragusin, Emerson Royal, Giovani Lo Celso, Dejan Kulusevski, Rodrigo Bentancur, Ben Davies, Dane Scarlett.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST (4-2-3-1): Matz Sels; Neco Williams, Andrew Omobamidele, Murillo, Ola Aina; Ryan Yates, Danilo; Anthony Elanga, Morgan Gibbs-White, Callum Hudson-Odoi; Chris Wood.
NOTTINGHAM FOREST SUBS: Matt Turner, Ibrahim Sangare, Harry Toffolo, Nicolas Dominguez, Moussa Niakhate, Giovanni Reyna, Divock Origi, Gonzalo Montiel, Rodrigo Ribiero.
Pape Matar Sarr returns to Tottenham’s starting XI having been displaced in midfield by Rodrigo Bentancur in midweek. That’s the only change made by Ange Postecoglou, who keeps faith with Brennan Johnson on the right-hand side after the Welshman set up both goals in Spurs’ comeback win against Luton eight days ago, and scored the opener against West Ham after just five minutes last time out.
Unsurprisingly, Forest are unchanged from their last match having torn through Fulham at will in the opening stages on Tuesday. The Tricky Trees were 3-0 up at half-time with Callum Hudson-Odoi, Chris Wood and Morgan Gibbs-White all scoring very well-executed goals, and the trio are joined by Anthony Elanga in an exciting front four that should pose Spurs with plenty of problems.
Ahead of this match, Spurs’ win probability stands at a huge 61.3 per cent, with Forest’s at just 15.8 per cent. The visitors will certainly be hoping to change that as both teams march out onto the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium pitch!
Forest will kick us off in north London, and Wood does just that to get the game underway!
Udogie looks to take on Yates around the outside but is tackled, and the ball ricochets over the byline for an early Spurs corner!
The set-piece is played short to Bissouma who lines up a shot from distance, but it's always rising and sails well over the top of Sels' goal.
Having lost six of their seven Premier League games against Forest between 1993 and 1997, Tottenham have now won their last five against them, keeping four clean sheets in the process.
Hudson-Odoi comes away with possession in his own half following a fantastic touch that takes him past two Spurs challenges. He sends a long pass over the top with Elanga giving chase, but Vicario races out of his box to knock the loose ball clear!
Spurs win another corner on the right-hand side which is played short and crossed into the middle by Johnson, but Werner's attempted volley from the edge of the box is blocked and cleared away by the visitors' defence.
Both Maddison and Sarr attempt to volley a bouncing ball goalwards after Werner's cross from the left is blocked, but neither can get their efforts on target and Forest come away with possession!
Wood picks out Elanga with a good throughball down the right, but Romero slides in to scythe the winger's first-time cross clear!
Tottenham have won 11 of their 15 home Premier League matches this season, and are the only side yet to draw a match on home soil in 2023-24. Since losing three in a row in November and December, Spurs have won seven of their last eight at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
WIDE!!!! What an opener that would have been for Forest!! Murillo dispossesses Maddison deep in his own half, looks up, and spots Vicario well outside of his box. From at least 70 yards out, the Brazilian centre-back fires the most ambitious of ambitious shots towards goal, but it bounces just wide as the goalkeeper rushes to get back in time!!
BLOCKED!!! Another short Spurs corner is pulled back to Bissouma on the edge of the area, but this time the midfielder's first-time shot is creeping into the far corner before hitting both Yates and Wood to ricochet behind for another set-piece!
Spurs cut out a Forest counter-attack and threaten to launch one of their own, but Maddison is caught off the ball by Yates on the halfway line and the visiting captain is shown the game's first yellow card.
GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Spurs lead thanks to an own goal from Murillo!! With Forest stretched, Son puts Werner into space down the left and the German fires a first-time cross low into the area. Sarr and Johnson are arriving, but Murillo gets there first, trying to swipe the ball clear but instead putting it past Sels and into his own net!!! 1-0 to the hosts, and that's just the start they wanted here!
WIDE!!!! Spurs' tails are up now as they spring forward on another attack straight from the restart. Bissouma has possession 25 yards from goal, before powering a dipping strike across the face and wide of the far post!!
SAVED!!! Gibbs-White turns brilliantly on halfway and frees up Hudson-Odoi to his left, who dribbles forward, cuts inside and fires a right-footed shot straight into the gloves of Vicario!!
Tottenham have benefitted from five own goals in the Premier League this season - the outright most of any side, and that total includes two in their last three matches against Luton and Forest!
Son plays a one-two with Porro on the edge of the box but is caught and goes down while running to latch onto the return ball. The Spurs captain appeals for a penalty with Yates pleading his innocence for the challenge, and the referee sides with the latter to wave play on.
SAVED!!!! Bissouma really fancies a goal in this game!! Maddison plays a square pass to him on the edge of the box and the Malian shoots once more, but the low, curling strike is saved and held by Sels at the second time of asking!!
CHANCE!! Werner beats Williams to the byline and cuts the ball back towards Johnson at the near post, but Sels gets a vital parry on the ball before the Welshman can turn it home and Forest eventually hack the loose ball clear of danger!!
Elanga's the out-ball for Forest and races down the right wing before being caught from behind by Werner. The Spurs forward is shown a yellow card, and the visitors gain a free-kick with the chance to get the ball into Tottenham's box.
No sooner has Vicario punched a Hudson-Odoi cross clear, then Spurs are flying forward on the break through Sarr. He plays a one-two with Johnson before crossing, but it's straight into Sels' hands at his near post!
GOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! Forest level things up!!! Elanga and Williams link up brilliantly down the right-hand side and the latter drills a cross into the area with Wood arriving. It takes a deflection off Romero into the New Zealander's path, and Wood reacts quickest to side-foot a first-time shot into the bottom-left corner!! 1-1 in north London, and we've got a game on our hands here!!
Elanga knew exactly that Wood would hold his run as he surged into the box, and the deflection off Romero gave the Forest striker even more time and space to pick his spot!
That's 12 Premier League goals for Wood this season, who has now scored in his last four straight games in the competition - the longest streak of his career!
Williams and Elanga threaten to open Spurs up down the right again, but Udogie wins possession back with a strong challenge before Maddison's cross-field pass sails over the head of Son and out!
OVER!!! Son feigns shooting as he shifts from his right foot to his left and plays in Werner, but the German's first-time effort is overhit and sent sailing over the top!
Nottingham Forest have won just two of their last 25 away Premier League matches. Since winning their first away game under Nuno Espirito Santo on Boxing Day at Newcastle, Forest are winless in their last five on the road.
OFF THE WOODWORK!!!! How are Forest not in front?? Aina brings down a high ball and makes a brilliant run into the box before squaring to Yates, whose shot goalwards is parried brilliantly by Vicario. Wood is just yards out and follows in to put Forest 2-1 up, but smashes his close-range shot against the post and back out again!! The noise made by ball on post there must have rung all around this stadium!!
Only in 2019-20 (14) has Chris Wood scored more Premier League goals in a season than his 12 this term, and he was just the width of a post from making it 13 there!
SAVED!!! Elanga drifts inside off the right flank and collect Omobamidele's pass before driving forward to the edge of the box. He shoots low and hard, but Vicario sees it all the way and makes a vital save for Spurs!
When these two sides last met in the Premier League, Tottenham came out on top 2-0 at The City Ground in December 2023. Richarlison struck first for Spurs in the 47th minute and Dejan Kulusevski also was on target, but neither are in Spurs' current line-up with only Kulusevski on the bench.
Sarr sparks another speedy attack from the hosts and links up with Johnson to his right, but with four white shirts in the box, the winger's left-footed cross sails over the heads of everyone and bounces behind for a Forest goal-kick.
POST!!! Romero and Son are both urged to shoot from the edge of the box but ignore the cries of the crowd, and the latter plays in Porro to his right. The full-back's low cross is blocked by Aina, sending the ball looping up and clipping the top of the near post on its way behind!
Yates wants VAR to have a look at contact between himself and Maddison in Forest's box, but there's nothing in the challenge and we'll play on with Porro ready to take the corner.
We're into three additional minutes at the end of a massively entertaining first half in north London.
SAVED!!! Williams is caught late by the backtracking Udogie to win Forest a free-kick, which Gibbs-White takes quickly to release Elanga down the flank. The Sweden winger crosses from the byline and his delivery looks to be looping goalwards, before it's tipped over the bar and behind by Vicario!
HALF-TIME: TOTTENHAM 1-1 NOTTINGHAM FOREST.
All square as the half-time whistle goes at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, and what a first 45 minutes we've seen!! The hosts started brightly, generating 0.87 xG and having several chances through Bissouma either side of being gifted a 1-0 lead thanks to Murillo's unfortunate own goal. The Brazilian had an early opportunity of his own, shooting from about 70 yards out, but put his long-range strike wide of the mark! Nevertheless, Forest improved massively after going 1-0 down, with Hudson-Odoi testing Vicario before Elanga and Wood combined to sweep the hosts level just 12 minutes later. The visitors have come closest to scoring since, but Wood couldn't finish from right in front after Yates' shot was saved, rattling the post to spurn a glorious chance which has likely made up the majority of Forest's 0.95 xG! Elanga and Porro shared half-chances towards the end of the half, with nothing to separate these two sides and everything to play for in the second period!
Maddison helped to link attack and defence brilliantly for Spurs in that first half, passing 25 times into the final third and creating three big chances in the process. He also won three of his four duels, accumulating three free-kicks in the process, and constantly looked to combine with players like Bissouma - who has only managed to generate 0.14 xG from his game-high four attempts in the opening 45 minutes!
Despite being one of Spurs' main attacking threats in the first half, Bissouma is withdrawn for the second, with Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg slotting into the midfield duo alongside Sarr.
Sarr too comes off at the break, meaning it's an all-new double pivot for Spurs with Rodrigo Bentancur entering the fray!
The live win probability has seen a big increase in the chances of a draw (35 per cent), but it's still Spurs who are being backed to win this game. They're on a 46.9 per cent chance of winning, with Forest on 18.1, but the scoreline's the only thing that truly matters, and that is level at 1-1 as Son gets the second half underway!
Spurs are straight onto the attack as Werner plays Maddison in behind Forest's right-side defence, but Yates gets back to block the playmaker's cutback behind for a corner.
SAVED!!!! Hojbjerg is left in acres of space from the Spurs corner and has all the time in the world to shoot. He does so as well, sending a dipping 20-yard strike towards the top-right corner which Sels sees late and just about parries over the crossbar!
POST!!! Wood hits the woodwork again!!! Williams finds his striker with a fantastic first-time ball, and Wood's header back across the face of goal has Vicario beaten before clipping the outside of the far post on its way behind! The offside flag is correctly raised, but either way that's another glorious chance spurned by the Kiwi!
CHANCE!!! Werner beats Williams around the outside and stands up a dangerous cross from the byline. Sels is stranded as Bentancur and Johnson arrive late, but neither can turn the ball goalwards with the latter volleying over the top!
SAVED!!!! Aina's long throw into the Spurs box is flicked on towards Wood, but the striker can't get enough power behind his close-range header to beat Vicario, who saves!
GOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!! A thumping strike restores the Tottenham advantage!!! Spurs' relentless attacking yields a corner which is played short yet again, and Son tees up Van de Ven on the edge of the box. The centre-back takes one touch before rifling the ball into the top-left corner, leaving Sels rooted to the spot as Spurs go 2-1 up early in the second half!!
Son's simple but effective pass gave Van de Ven time and space to pick his spot, and he did just that - almost taking the net off in the process!
Spurs have now scored 16 goals in the first 15 minutes of second halves this season, more than any other Premier League side.
Forest lose out in the midfield battle as Son recovers possession to find Bentancur, but the Uruguayan is taken out from behind in a cynical Gibbs-White challenge, which could have ended much worse than just a yellow card for the midfielder!
GOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! What a start to the second half from Tottenham!!! A clever touch from Maddison takes him beyond Williams and into space down the left, before scooping a cross back from the byline. Bentancur arrives at the near post with a glancing header, which goes nowhere near the goal but does fall kindly for Porro to lash home on the half-volley!!! Two goals in four minutes but Spurs 3-1 up, and they don't look likely to surrender their advantage from here!!
Bentancur's glancing header resembled more of a flick-on, dropping perfectly for Porro to arrow that ball right into the top corner!
Gibbs-White's deft first touch takes him past Bentancur and into the final third, but the Spurs substitute gets one back on the Forest number 10 with a rash challenge that sees him also go into the referee's book.
Hudson-Odoi pulls the ball back for Gibbs-White to whip into the box, but his far-post cross towards Elanga is slightly overhit and the winger can't keep it in play!
WIDE!!! Spurs rush clear on yet another fast break, but Forest's cover defence is back in numbers. Udogie stays forward and lays the ball off to Maddison, whose first-time curler from the edge of the area whistles just inches past the near post!
Hojbjerg's in shooting space again and gives the crowd what they want again, but loses his balance as his low strike fizzes through the crowd and lands in Sels' gloves.
CHANCE!!! Werner gets tom the byline and drills a low ball right across the face of goal, but no-one in Lilywhite can get on the end of the German's cross as Sels watches it flash beyond his area!
WIDE!!! Forest make their way forward with a rare chance to open Spurs up and Williams tries his luck from distance, but his shot is seen all the way by Vicario and the Spurs goalkeeper can watch it whistle wide of his left-hand post!!
His goal drew Forest level in the first half, but Wood comes off now for Divock Origi - who knows all about scoring against Tottenham in big games - to replace him up front.
Gibbs-White is also withdrawn by Nuno Espirito Santo, with Nicolas Domínguez taking his place as Forest's number 10 for the remainder of this match.
Tottenham have seen 11 of their 65 Premier League goals scored by their defenders this season, the joint-most of any side and level only with league leaders (and north London rivals) Arsenal.
Williams' loose pass is cut out by Werner, who knocks it past the Welshman into open space. He runs in behind looking to exploit this space, but is dragged back by the Forest right-back in a challenge that yields a textbook yellow card.
Hudson-Odoi is shoved over the touchline and down into the advertising boardings by Porro, taking a fair hit in the process and winning a free-kick. Spurs' third goalscorer is very lucky to not be in the book after that challenge!
Spurs have only failed to score in one of their last 42 Premier League matches, during last month's 3-0 defeat at Fulham. They have now scored in 30 different games this season, with no side scoring in more in 2023-24.
A further two changes coming up late for Spurs, with the increasingly effective Werner withdrawn and Giovani Lo Celso on for the final 15 minutes or so of this game.
Dejan Kulusevski also enters the fray, taking Maddison's place in the front four in a change which could see either himself or Johnson move over to the left-hand side.
Danilo does well to dispossess Son and cut out a Spurs attack, but then takes too long to release the ball! When he finally does so, it's a lunge which catches Lo Celso high and late, resulting in a yellow card for the Forest midfielder.
Hojbjerg steps up to strike the edge-of-the-box free-kick for Spurs, but his low shot deflects off the wall to go behind for a Tottenham corner.
Porro's over on the left-hand side and swings the corner into the middle, but it's an easy one for Sels which he catches unchallenged.
Forest captain Yates comes off as one of two late changes, and Ibrahim Sangare is on to take his place at the base of the visitors' midfield.
Danilo is withdrawn just moments after picking up that risky yellow card, and the introduction of Giovanni Reyna suggests that the visitors are switching to a more attacking shape and style in the last 10 minutes.
CHANCE!!! Unnecessarily risking passing at the back leaves Spurs vulnerable and Elanga wins possession in the box, but neither he nor Reyna can get a shot away as Bentancur arrives to clean things up for the hosts!!
SAVED!!! Elanga does brilliantly down the right and plays a one-two with Reyna to tee up Dominguez, but his curling strike from the edge of the box is straight into Vicario's grasp!
SAVED!!!! What a stop from Sels!!! Johnson drifts inside from the right and beats several former Forest team-mates before finding an unmarked Son to his left. The captain fires a low shot to the left of an off-balance Sels, who still gets down brilliantly to parry it around the outside of his left post and just about keep Forest in this game!!
World Cup winner Gonzalo Montiel is on in Forest's final change, replacing Williams at right-back as the visitors look for some similar heroics from the Argentine late on here.
OVER!!! After a counter-attacking Origi is bundled over by Romero on the edge of Spurs' box, Hudson-Odoi steps up for the free-kick but can only send his 20-yard strike looping over the bar!
Not amongst the goals or assists this time around, but it's still been an assured performance from Johnson against his former club, as he's replaced late on by Dane Scarlett in the attack.
We'll play six additional minutes at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, as the hosts close in on three important points which will take them into the Premier League's top four.
Since the turn of the year, Spurs' ex-Forest winger Johnson has been involved in more Premier League goals than any other Spurs player (seven, with four goals and three assists). His 12 total goal involvements in 2023-24 (five goals and seven assists) are the most by a Welsh player in a campaign since Gareth Bale in 2020-21.
Lo Celso's clever ball forward puts Kulusevski into lots of open space, but Omobamidele slides across with a well-timed challenge to win possession back, just as the winger was about to cross into the box!
Hudson-Odoi beats both Romero and Porro with one deft touch and movement, but his cross towards an unmarked Origi at the back post is overhit and sails well beyond the striker's reach.
Another attempted Kulusevski cross is cut out by Omobamidele, but this one goes behind for a Spurs corner. Played short again, this time to Lo Celso, the substitute tries to curl a left-footed short goalwards but instead sends the ball well wide of the target.
Origi speculatively shoots from distance, but it's a grass-cutter along the floor which Vicario easily collects as the final whistle sounds!
FULL-TIME: TOTTENHAM 3-1 NOTTINGHAM FOREST.
It's all over at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, and those two quick-fire goals early in the second half secure the points for the hosts against Nottingham Forest!! Postecoglou's two half-time changes worked wonders, with Hojbjerg and Bentancur both involved in early chances before Van de Ven's rocket into the top corner restored Spurs' one-goal advantage. Six minutes later, the hosts were in again, as Bentancur flicked Maddison's cross into the path of Porro, and the right-back made it 3-1 with a sumptuous half-volley. Further chances followed as Maddison and Son both came close to a fourth, but Spurs needn't add another goal as Forest's opportunities waned at the other end. Despite outscoring Spurs in terms of xG (1.56 to 1.48), Forest's biggest second half chances saw Wood, Williams and Elanga all draw straight-forward saves from Vicario, as they were unable to build on a strong showing in the opening 45 minutes. A second win in three therefore takes Spurs above Aston Villa and into the top four, while Forest's goal difference takes a hit as they creep slightly closer to the Premier League trapdoor!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League clash between Wolves and West Ham United.
With eight games still to go this season, Wolves have already surpassed their points tally in the entirety of last season, which shows their progress. The Wanderers come into this game on the back of three winless games, including a draw against 19th-placed Burnley in midweek. However, they are still in contention for European qualification next season and a win would propel them to seventh place, overtaking today’s opponents, West Ham United. Gary O’Neil does not have the best record as a manager against David Moyes, but his side will look towards Matheus Cunha to provide another goal contribution.
West Ham United responded to their capitulation against Newcastle United last Saturday with a come-from-behind 1-1 draw against Tottenham. However, draws have been a constant for the Hammers, with six of those coming since the start of 2024. They have won just two of their last 12 league games this calendar year, and, like Wolves, are also winless in three games coming into this contest. A win today would take them level with Manchester United and allow a bit of breathing space over the teams just below them in the table, but winning has to start now. Goalkeeper Alphonse Areola misses out again due to a groin injury.
WOLVES (3-4-2-1): Jose Sa; Toti Gomes, Maximilian Kilman, Santiago Bueno; Rayan Ait-Nouri, Tommy Doyle, Joao Gomes, Nelson Semedo; Mario Lemina, Matt Doherty; Pablo Sarabia.
SUBS: Daniel Bentley, Craig Dawson, Hugo Bueno, Boubacar Traore, Tawanda Chirewa, Matheus Cunha, Noha Lemina, Nathan Fraser, Leon Chiwome.
WEST HAM UNITED (4-2-3-1): Lukasz Fabianski; Emerson, Kurt Zouma, Konstantinos Mavropanos, Vladimír Coufal; Tomas Soucek, Edson Alvarez; Lucas Paqueta, James Ward-Prowse, Mohammed Kudus; Jarrod Bowen.
SUBS: Joseph Anang, Ben Johnson, Aaron Cresswell, Angelo Ogbonna, Nayef Aguerd, Kalvin Phillips, Maxwel Cornet, Michail Antonio, Danny Ings.
Wolves have made two changes from their 1-1 draw with Burnley in midweek. Santiago Bueno and Tommy Doyle come in for Hugo Bueno and Leon Chiwome, who both drop to the bench. Matheus Cunha is still not part of the starting XI but is expected to come off the bench. Hwang Hee-chan and Pedro Neto are unavailable due to hamstring injuries.
Just the solitary change for West Ham as Edson Alvarez returns to the starting line-up after a two-match ban, replacing Michail Antonio. Nayef Aguerd, who picked up a shoulder injury, is deemed unfit to start but is on the bench.
The teams are making their way out to the pitch and the managers make their customary greetings. West Ham have won five of their last seven league matches against Wolves, including a 3-0 win at London Stadium the last time these two sides met.
KICK-OFF! We are underway in this clash at Molineux Stadium as visitors West Ham get things going. An exciting 90 minutes ahead in what is a crucial game in the race for European football next season.
There is not much to separate the two teams with Opta’s prediction model showing the probability of a West Ham win at 36.8 percent to 33.8 percent for Wolves.
SHOT ON GOAL! Ait-Nouri with a lovely-looking strike from long range with his left foot. Flies over the bar though. Ait-Nouri has three goals in his last four games for Wolves in all competitions.
All Wolves so far! West Ham have barely seen the ball just yet.
Wolves have won six of their last nine home Premier League matches. West Ham have lost their last two at Molineux.
Bowen gets a well-played ball down the left and is charging forward. But Wolves do well to cut out the threat.
Early corner for Wolves. Ait-Nouri picks up a loose ball from the corner, finds Sarabia down the right wing, but his cross hits the top of the net.
A chance of sorts for Ward-Prowse as a loose ball falls to him. He goes for a shot from long range as he often does, but it is blocked.
CHANCE MISSED! A nervy Semedo easily loses possession in defence but West Ham miss a good chance. Bowen wins the ball and tries to find Soucek in a very good position in front of goal, but the Czech player fluffs it as he cannot sort out his feet.
Wolves want a free-kick on the edge of the box as Sarabia goes down, but the referee does not agree.
Wolves have had 80 percent of the possession so far. But West Ham have had the best chance of the game.
Soucek is fouled in the middle of the pitch by Doyle. West Ham just getting a bit more of the ball the last couple of minutes.
Paqueta is a bit frustrated as he goes down near the toucline and no foul is given. A few seconds later, he loses the ball for a Wolves throw-in.
SAVE! Semedo does very well with his pace to keep a long ball in play on the right wing. He flicks it to Sarabia, who gets a touch, but Fabianski is positioned very well to make a save.
Ait-Nouri makes a threatening run from halfway right to his box and just before he looks to get a shot away, Zouma comes in with a great tackle.
SAVE! Wolves looking strong! Gomes slides in Doyle on the left of the area, the latter tries to beat Fabianski with a side-footed hit, but the keeper is up to the task again.
Oh well! After those saves, comes a very nervy moment for the experienced Fabianski. He gets tangled in his own mind and the ball at his feet, Sarabia charges and almost gets it from him, but the keeper clears the danger.
MISSED! Doyle smashes a shot well wide of the target. Wolves keep it in, but Sarabia's shot is saved by Fabianski.
West Ham do not seem to have an answer to Wolves' attacking threat right now. Doyle misses another shot as it is well wide of the target.
Emerson is shown a yellow card for his challenge.
PENALTY GIVEN to Wolves! Ait-Nouri wins it for the hosts. Ait-Nouri with another run on the left side after a lovely first-time pass from Doyle to send him on the run. Emerson takes Ait-Nouri down and a penalty is given despite a brief VAR check.
GOOOOOALLLL! Wolves finally get the lead and it is 1-0! Sarabia hit it across his body and the ball is in through the woodwork on the bottom right corner.
West Ham continue their trend of conceding the most penalties in the league this season, now with 10.
Corner for West Ham, Bowen takes it, but Lemina clears. At the other end, it is a Wolves corner. West Ham off their pace on the counter and they need to pull up their socks.
West Ham United’s last 20 away Premier League matches have seen at least two goals scored. A lot more to come it seems. Meanwhile, West Ham are again just losing possession easily.
Wolves again advance down the left but West Ham clear easily. Then a West Ham attack shows promise, but Lemina is up to the task and bravely tackles Paqueta. Impressive!
Sarabia makes a good run as West Ham just easily let him through. His initial shot falls to Gomes who fires from distance, but straight to Fabianski.
Gomes is shown a yellow card for pushing Alvarez after both players go down. First booking of the game.
Wolves claiming a hand-ball as Doherty's shot hits Alvarez in the box. A quick VAR check dismisses the claims and West Ham survive.
Finally a sighting of Kudus as he charges down the wing, but Semedo is too strong for him.
Ait-Nouri has been causing constant problems for the Hammers. Again, easily beats a couple of defenders and is fouled on the edge of the box by Emerson, who also gave away the penalty. Free-kick to Wolves in a good position.
SAVE! Sarabia's shot is on target but not a difficult take for Fabianski. Meanwhile, just two minutes of stoppage time.
HALF-TIME: WOLVES 1-0 WEST HAM UNITED
A very positive first half for Wolves at the Molineux. It has been all Wolves so far, who have had 11 shots on goal to just two from the visitors. They dominated possession early, despite an early good chance for West Ham which Soucek could not make the most of. Wolves kept attacking and finally got something out of it as Sarabia expertly converted a penalty won by the highly impressive Ait-Nouri. West Ham need to sort out their issues soon in this crucial game for European qualification. Stay tuned for the second half.
Stunning xG stats at half-time tell the story of this game so far. Wolves enjoyed an xG of 1.53 in the first 45 minutes to a poor 0.03 for the Hammers. West Ham's record of losing five matches out of eight when trailing at half-time this season will not make them feel better. Both sides have strong reinforcements on the bench as well. Wolves will look to launch Cunha soon, while West Ham will hope Antonio can make an impact off the bench.
We are back underway at Molineux as West Ham get things going in the second half. Two changes from West Ham as they look for an immediate response.
Johnson is on for Coufal.
And in what could be a crucial change, Antonio is on the pitch for his 300th West Ham appearance, replacing Soucek.
SHOT ON GOAL! Antonio already in it. Not his best shot from outside the box, but it is still on target and Sa has to save.
Bowen is down after taking a hit from Gomes on the right wing and seems to be in a lot of pain. Seems to have hurt his ribs. The physios are out to tend to him and this does not look good.
Bowen is up on his feet but very slowly walks off the pitch with the medics. Not subbed off just yet.
While Wolves retain possession, Bowen is back on the pitch. Moyes must be relieved but still worried with Leverkusen to face in midweek.
Cresswell is getting ready to come on as Bowen seems to signal to his team that he's done for the day. Meanwhile, a West Ham cross is headed away easily by Semedo.
That is that for Bowen. Cresswell comes on and a dejected Bowen walks off.
First change for Wolves. Cunha replaces Ait-Nouri, who gets a big applause from the crowd. Ait-Nouri would be disappointed to come off but seemed to have hurt his calf as well.
Johnson wins a corner for West Ham down the right. Ward-Prowse takes, the clearance falls to Kudus whose first touch was brilliant. But his left-footed shot from the edge of the box is poor.
FREE-KICK! Cunha gives away a free-kick, taking down Emerson just outside the box. Very good chance here with Ward-Prowse on it.
MISSED! No free-kick record for Ward-Prowse just yet. But lucky for Wolves. The free-kick takes a deflection and the ball could have gone anywhere, but misses the net and is out for a corner. Wolves deal with the corner as well.
Kudus floats a ball in from the right wing but Sa collects very easily. Not the best of days for the Ghanian star so far.
Wolves have won seven of eight games in the league this season when leading at half-time. Scary times for the Hammers.
NO GOAL! Emerson is offside. He thought he had made up for the penalty and equalised for West Ham but his headed goal is disallowed for a foul he committed on Semedo. Lovely cross from Kudus down the right though. VAR checked it but the goal stays disallowed.
Emerson and Moyes looked very frustrated after that but cannot do anything about it. Meanwhile, Wolves just trying to compose themselves.
West Ham move ahead as Mavropanos surges forward from central defence. But the Wolves defenders see that off easily. Much better from West Ham this half.
Antonio is unhappy after his physical duel with Kilman results in a Wolves throw inside their own half.
Johnson has seen a lot of the ball since coming on. Uses his pace down the right once again but Wolves clear it again.
PENALTY GIVEN! West Ham with a huge lifeline. Emerson again in the thick of a penalty decision, but this time he is the hero. His cross from the right hit Kilman's arm. It all started with Gomes losing the ball quite easily in defence.
GOOOOOALLLL! Paqueta draws West Ham level at 1-1 from the spot. Another great penalty. A bit of a stuttering run-up but whips it into the side netting as a diving Sa cannot do anything.
Wolves now looking a bit rattled as West Ham have found a new lease on life in this game.
Double change for Wolves! Chiwome replaces the goalscorer Sarabia.
Traore comes on as well, for Lemina.
Wolves have had the joint-most draws (six) in the league this calendar year. Another one today? Still a lot of time for a result.
Gomes is booked for a foul on the middle of the pitch as West Ham were on the attack.
Kudus finds Antonio, who looked to use all his strength to get inside the box, but just could not get his shot away.
The tables have been turned as it is Wolves who are yet to have a shot on goal this half.
Antonio uses his body strength again, this time down the right and almost finds Johnson down the middle. Sa collects though. That could have been problematic for Wolves.
SAVE! What a chance gone begging! Lovely pass from Paqueta as he spots the run of Kudus into acres of space inside the area. But Doherty makes a crucial intersection.
SHOT! A fiery hit from Traore from well outside the box. That one had so much zing on it and an initially troubled Fabianski collects it.
GOOOOOALLLL! West Ham have the lead and it is a direct corner that goes in! Ward-Prowse takes a corner from the left that swirls over the heads of his teammates and the Wolves defense to hit the top-right corner. The wind not helping the hosts on that occasion. 2-1 to West Ham.
Panic in West Ham's box as a free kick comes in, which Wolves cannot control and offside is eventually called.
Huge Bueno replaces Doherty for Wolves.
Another change as Chirewa replaces Doyle.
Traore booked now for a foul on Alvarez.
Paqueta tries to delay a restart and such an unnecessary booking to get.
A huge 10 minutes of added time in this half.
Gomes is angry after being caught in the face by Kudus. No card.
Wolves now throwing everything at this game. Gomes finds Cunha in the box but Zouma comes up clutch in defence to block any threat.
Wolves need more, much more, with four out of the 10 minutes of stoppage time already gone. West Ham go on the attack again through Kudus but Kilman defends well to deny him.
Traore wants that spectacular goal! He takes another long-range shot, attempts the far corner, and comfortably misses the target.
Excellent from Emerson. Wins a free-kick in a good position for West Ham as he dribbles past Kilman, who takes him down.
MISSED! Ward-Prowse's free-kick flies over the bar.
GOAL DISALLOWED! What drama! Wolves' equaliser is disallowed. Kilman's header off a corner goes in and Wolves had their equaliser but the goal is disallowed for a subjective offside against Chirewa. It stays 2-1 to West Ham. After the goal, a VAR check prompted the referee towards the screen. Chirewa is deemed to have blocked Fabianski enough that he could not make the save. The crowd is livid, so are Wolves, but they cannot do anything about the decision.
Sarabia is booked for dissent.
Tempers flaring now after that disallowed goal as Cunha is booked too for dissent.
FULL-TIME: WOLVES 1-2 WEST HAM UNITED
Phew, what a chaotic yet classic Premier League ending to this game! Wolves' equaliser deep into stoppage time was disallowed by VAR for a subjective offside. But Wolves only have themselves to blame for allowing West Ham to control the second half after dominating the first half themselves. Sarabia made it 1-0 for the hosts from the spot, before another penalty saw Paqueta bring the Hammers in it. Ward-Prowse got lucky with a direct corner going in to give West Ham a late lead. Just when it seemed Wolves had run out of steam, came all that last-minute drama. Heartbreak for Wolves in this race to Europe. West Ham's xG went from 0.03 in the first half to 1.13, while Wolves had an xG of 1.50. West Ham jump to seventh place with Fulham to face next and Bayer Leverkusen in the Europa League before that. Meanwhile, Wolves stay in 11th before facing Nottingham Forest next. Until next time, goodbye!
Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the Premier League fixture between Bournemouth and Manchester United at the Vitality Stadium!
Bournemouth are looking to complete their first league double over Manchester United, following their 3-0 win at Old Trafford in December. The Cherries are on an impressive run of form at the Vitality Stadium, winning each of their last three Premier League home games – they’ve never won four in a row at home in the top-flight before. In their last six matches, Andoni Iraola's side have won four, drew one, and lost one, with Luton Town coming out victorious last time out.
United's Europa League hopes are on the line once again as Erik ten Hag's side look to climb above Newcastle United in sixth place in today's game. The Red Devils have won four of their six Premier League away games against Bournemouth, losing the other two in December 2015 (1-2) and November 2019 (0-1). In their last two Premier League matches United have conceded the first goal, gone on to take the lead but ultimately failed to win. Only West Ham in April 2016 have ever done this in three consecutive games in the competition. Ten Hag will be looking to rely on his attacking trio, Alejandro Garnacho, Marcus Rashford, and Rasmus Hojlund, who have each scored seven times this season.
BOURNEMOUTH (4-2-3-1): Neto; Milos Kerkez, Marcos Senesi, Illia Zabarnyi, Adam Smith; Ryan Christie, Lewis Cook; Dango Ouattara, Justin Kluivert, Luis Sinisterra; Dominic Solanke.
BOURNEMOUTH SUBS: Lloyd Kelly, Romain Faivre, Alex Scott, James Hill, Enes Unal, Philip Billing, Max Aarons, Mark Travers, Michael Dacosta Gonzalez.
MANCHESTER UNITED (4-2-3-1): Andre Onana; Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Harry Maguire, Willy Kambwala, Diogo Dalot; Kobbie Mainoo, Casemiro; Marcus Rashford, Bruno Fernandes, Alejandro Garnacho; Rasmus Hojlund
MANCHESTER UNITED SUBS: Altay Bayindir, Sofyan Amrabat, Mason Mount, Christian Eriksen, Amad Diallo, Omari Forson, Harry Amass, Habeeb Ogunneye, Ethan Wheatley.
Iraola has made three changes from Bournemouth's loss away to Luton last time out in the Premier League. Marcus Tavernier and Antoine Semenyo both miss out and fail to make the squad, with Sinisterra and Ouattara both coming into the starting XI. In defence, Kelly will drop to the bench, with Senesi brought into the side.
Meanwhile, Ten Hag has named an unchanged side from United's draw at home to Liverpool in their previous fixture, despite his team suffering a host of injuries throughout the squad. It's a young bench for the Red Devils, with Wheatley, Ogunneye, Amass, and Forson, who are regulars for the United academy sides, all among the substitutes.
The players are making their way out onto the pitch ahead of kick-off.
Fernandes gets the game under way for Manchester United at the Vitality Stadium!
Bournemouth will have an opportunity from a corner in the early stages of the game, and Christie is the player to take. He delivers towards the front post, but it's headed away by Fernandes. It falls to Kerkez on the edge of the area, but his wayward shot is high and wide and it goes behind for a goal-kick to United.
The ball falls to Neto inside his own penalty area and he sends it long, over the top of the United defence. Sinisterra is chasing it and he looks to get on the end of it, but the pass is overhit and it goes behind for a goal-kick to Ten Hag's side.
Mainoo is dispossessed in a dangerous position and it falls to Christie on the edge of the United penalty area. He drives into the box and looks to create space for himself, shifting onto his left before firing across goal, but Maguire slides across well to fire the ball out for a throw-in to the Cherries.
Bournemouth look to counter-attack as they win it back inside their own half, and Ouattara sends a long, searching pass towards Sinisterra on the left-hand side, but his pass is slightly overhit and it goes off the side of the pitch for a throw-in. The Cherries need to show a little more quality if they want to break United down.
Hojlund breaks down the left-hand side after tussling with the Bournemouth defenders, but United turn back towards their own goal and keep possession. Ten Hag's side aren't taking too many risks on the ball at the moment, and they're yet to create a chance since the game got under way.
United have enjoyed more of the possession since the start of the game, having 65.9 per cent of the ball. The Red Devils are yet to create a shot on goal, touching the ball inside the Bournemouth box just four times. It's been a slow start for Ten Hag's side.
GOOOAAAAALLL!! 1-0 BOURNEMOUTH!! Garnacho gives the ball away and Senesi fires the ball in behind the defence, and Solanke runs onto it. He cuts inside onto his right foot and Kambwala slips, creating space for the English striker. He shifts it onto his right and unleashes from outside of the box, and it flies into the bottom corner!
Senesi won the ball around the halfway line and poked it in behind the United defence, allowing Solanke to run onto it and score.
United should equalise! Casemiro finds Rashford and the English forward drives into the Bournemouth penalty area. He fakes to shoot and drags it onto his left foot before striking towards goal, but it flies into the side netting and goes behind for a goal-kick to the Cherries. He should be hitting the target from there.
Bournemouth go close! Christie clips a pass in behind the United defence and Kerkez runs onto it, beating Garnacho to the ball. He carries it into the penalty area and closes in on goal, and he attempts to beat Onana at his near post, but the Cameroonian goalkeeper makes a strong save to deny him.
There is a break in play as the referee heads down the tunnel. There is a communication problem for the officials and the game has been halted while they attempt to solve the issue. After a short delay, the referee is back on the pitch and the match can continue.
Bournemouth come forward again as Kerkez plays a one-two with Christie as he bursts into the United penalty area. He looks to get on the end of the pass in a dangerous position, but he can't get it under control and the ball bounces behind for a goal-kick.
The Cherries go close! Sinisterra lays the ball into the path of Christie as Bournemouth pounce on a loose ball inside the United half. The midfielder carries it forward and unleashes a powerful effort towards goal, but he narrowly misses the target as his shot flies over the bar and behind for a goal-kick.
Casemiro fails to control the ball in the middle of the pitch and it falls to Christie, who fires it out wide to Sinisterra. He drives into the penalty area and pulls it back to Christie, and he gets it out of his feet before taking aim, but Onana reads the situation well and gets across to make the save.
GOOOAAAALLLL!! 1-1! United equalise! Hojlund turns just outside the box and finds Garnacho, who looks to pull it back to the edge of the area. It comes to Rashford who finds Garnacho once again, and he fires the ball across goal and into the danger zone. It deflects into the air and Fernandes strikes it on the volley, and it fires into the roof of the net!
United look to counter-attack, but Senesi brings down Garnacho and receives the first yellow of the game.
Big chance for Bournemouth! Solanke carries the ball through the middle and slots a pass into the feet of Ouattara. He gets one-on-one with Kambwala and creates space for himself on his left foot, before firing a shot towards the bottom corner, but it whistles past the post. The Cherries were inches away from grabbing a second!
GOOOOOAAAAALLL!! 2-1 BOURNEMOUTH! Senesi carries the ball out of defence and picks out Kluivert, who has drifted into space between the United defence. He drives into the box and works it onto his right foot, and he sends a powerful strike into the bottom corner, and Onana can't get a hand to it!
Senesi was afforded plenty of space to carry the ball out of defence, and he picked out Kluivert with ease.
Bournemouth have an injury problem right now as Sinisterra has gone to ground, and he looks in some discomfort. The medical team are on the pitch giving him treatment, and there's some activity on the bench. It looks as though he might struggle to continue.
Iraola makes the first change of the game, with the injured Sinisterra limping towards the bench. Kelly comes on in his place.
What a chance! Smith sends a first-time cross into the penalty area, and Kerkez has burst forward into the box. He rises above his marker and heads towards goal, but it cannons off the bar! It falls straight back into his path and he looks to head it into the back of the net, but this time he sends it over and behind for a goal-kick.
The Cherries are good value for their lead in the first half, having produced 11 shots with four of those being on target. United have managed just three strikes, with Fernandes' shot the only one hitting the target. Conceding chances has been a major problem for the Red Devils this season, with only Sheffield United giving up more shots this term.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of nine minutes of added time at the end of the first half.
Dalot makes a strong challenge deep inside the United half on Kelly, and Bournemouth will now have a chance to fill the box. Cook will be the player to take and he whips a dangerous cross towards goal, but Casemiro clears. The ball comes back into the penalty area and Kluivert is there from just a few yards out, but Onana makes an excellent save to deny him!
Kluivert wins the ball in the middle of the park and picks out Kerkez inside the penalty area. He checks back onto his right foot and goes to ground under the challenge of Dalot, but the referee says no penalty and waves away their protests! The Vitality Stadium faithful were confident that was a foul, but nothing is given!
Wan-Bissaka drives with the ball into the Bournemouth penalty area and looks to swing a cross into the box with his left, but it's deflected behind for a corner. Fernandes takes and he sends a looping cross towards the back post, but Neto rushes off his line to punch it away from danger.
Fernandes receives a pass on the left touchline and looks to attack the space in the middle, carrying the ball as he approaches the edge of the penalty area. He takes aim towards goal, sending a curling effort towards the top corner, but it strikes the top of the bar and goes behind!
HALF-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 2-1 MANCHESTER UNITED
Bournemouth go into the break with a 2-1 lead over Manchester United at the Vitality Stadium. The Cherries opened the scoring through Solanke who was given far too much time and space outside the box, and his powerful effort flew into the bottom corner to give the home side the lead. Iraola's men kept pushing to find the second goal, but it was United who struck next, with Fernandes pouncing inside the box to fire into the roof of the net. Just a few minutes later, Bournemouth were back in front, with Kluivert finding space between Kambwala and Dalot, before cutting onto his right foot and firing past Onana between the sticks. The Cherries are deservedly in front, with United giving up too many opportunities.
The Cherries, who now have a 62.8 per cent chance of winning according to Opta's live probability calculator, have allowed United to have more of the possession, with the Red Devils keeping 59.1 per cent of the ball. However, Bournemouth have been more effective when they do have it, creating 1.27 expected goals (xG) compared to United's 0.34. Iraola's men have managed 11 shots with Ten Hag's side only producing three so far. The Dutch manager might be considering some early changes in the second half after a disappointing display in the opening 45 minutes. Due to injuries, United don't have a plethora of options to choose from, but they could call upon the likes of Mount or Diallo to make a difference. Iraola will be asking for more of the same after the break, while Ten Hag will be desperate to see his side drastically improve.
Ten Hag makes a change at the break, as Diallo replaces Garnacho.
Bournemouth get the second half under way at the Vitality Stadium!
Dalot commits a foul on Kerkez on the left-hand side of attack, and Bournemouth will throw bodies forward from the free-kick. Cook has come over to the touchline to take, and he lays it to the edge of the area towards Kluivert, but his first-time strike is blocked and United can clear.
Diallo finds Casemiro who turns and quickly picks out Mainoo on the right-hand side. He feeds Diallo who has burst into the box, and he goes down inside the penalty area, but the referee is having none of it. There was nothing in it, and the game resumes as Bournemouth are able to clear.
Rashford receives a pass on the left touchline and he fires it into the feet of Hojlund. He quickly finds Fernandes who looks to return the favour as he hopes to feed the United striker with a throughball into the box, but Hojlund isn't on the same wavelength and Bournemouth regain possession.
Kluivert turns Kambwala with ease and the United defender falls to the floor, and he drives towards the penalty area. He creates space to get a shot off and strikes towards goal, but his effort is blocked and the Red Devils are able to hoof the ball away from danger.
Christie tussles with Diallo and manages to pick out Kluivert on the left-hand side. He gets it out of his feet before sending a low cross into the box. Solanke looks to get there from just a few yards out, but Kambwala comes across to put it behind for a corner. Cook sends it into the penalty area, but the referee blows for a foul. United will have a free-kick.
Diallo cuts in from the right and finds Rashford, who slots the ball into the box for Wan-Bissaka to run onto. He turns back towards his own goal and picks out Rashford again who delivers into the penalty area, but Zabarnyi is there to intercept and he's able to clear.
United enjoy a spell of possession and Diallo drives through the middle of the pitch, but he's fouled by Kluivert and they win a free-kick. Fernandes looks to take and he sends it into the box, but Zabarnyi wins the header. The Portuguese midfielder isn't happy, he wanted more movement from his team-mates.
PENALTY TO UNITED! Mainoo receives the ball outside of the penalty area, and he shifts it onto his right before striking towards goal. His effort deflects off Christie and hits the arm of Smith inside the box, and the referee points to the spot! Fernandes will have an opportunity to score from 12 yards.
GOOOOAAAALLL!! 2-2! United equalise! Fernandes steps up to the spot with Neto between the sticks. He takes his time before starting his run-up, and he rolls the ball to his right-hand side and into the back of the net, sending the Bournemouth goalkeeper the wrong way, and the Red Devils draw themselves level!
The Cherries might feel a little hard done by to have conceded the equaliser, with United managing just three touches inside the opposition box in the second half. The Red Devils have produce just two shots in the second half, with one of those being Fernandes' penalty.
Iraola makes an alteration as Ouattara heads to the bench. Faivre comes on in his place.
There's a change at right-back for the Cherries, with Aarons entering the fray. Smith makes way.
Solanke does well to get away from the challenge of Dalot, and he quickly finds Cook in the middle of the park. He shifts the ball out wide to Kluivert, and he sends a searching cross into the penalty area towards Solanke. However, his delivery is overhit and it goes behind for a goal-kick to United.
There's a break in play with Kluivert down injured, and the medical team are on the pitch giving him treatment. There's a delay to restart the game, as it looks like the Dutch winger isn't going to be able to continue. Bournemouth are readying a change.
Kluivert hobbles to the bench after picking up an injury, and Unal will come on to replace him.
Mainoo's game is over as United make another substitution. Mount comes off the bench to replace him.
Dalot creates something out of nothing as he drives down the left-hand side before delivering into the box. Rashford looks to get on the end of it, but it's deflected behind for a corner. Fernandes plays it short, but the referee has spotted a foul inside the penalty area and Bournemouth have a free-kick.
Diallo is dispossessed by Kerkez who carries the ball down the left-hand side. He crosses into the box, but Kambwala is there to put it behind for a corner. Cook delivers into the penalty area, but Maguire heads it away. Bournemouth regain possession, but nothing comes of it.
Cook collects a clearance and picks out Aarons on the right-hand side, and he drives into the middle of the pitch. Hojlund slips, creating space for the Bournemouth defender, and he takes aim from outside of the box, but his ambitious effort is dragged wide of the post and it goes behind for a goal-kick.
Christie goes into the book for a dive inside the penalty area as he looked to take on Dalot.
Cook will also receive a yellow for his protests to the referee.
Wan-Bissaka looks to send a first-time pass into the penalty area, but Zabarnyi gets up well to head it away. His clearance only goes as far as Diallo, who is in space inside the box, but doesn't connect properly with the volley and it goes high and wide into the stands behind the goal.
The fourth official has indicated that there will be a minimum of six minutes of added time at the end of the game.
Neto goes into the referee's book for his reaction to a tackle from Wan-Bissaka.
Unal does well to win a corner for the Cherries, forcing Casemiro into putting the ball behind. Cook is standing over it and Bournemouth have filled the penalty area as they search for a winner. It's delivered towards the front post, but Kambwala heads away. It comes to Cook once again and he sends a dangerous cross into the box, but Dalot puts it behind.
The referee points to the spot! Christie pounces on a loose ball and drives into the box, but Kambwala crashes into him, and the referee awards a penalty! VAR is checking the decision, as it looks like it could be outside of the penalty area. There's going to be a delay as they check this one. The referee has overturned his decision. It's a free-kick to the Cherries on the edge of the box! NO PENALTY!
United come forward now with Mount, and he picks out Dalot and Ten Hag's side keep possession. Fernandes sends it long towards Maguire and he wins it and finds Hojlund, but he struggles to keep hold of the ball and Bournemouth are able to clear in the final few minutes of the game.
FULL-TIME: BOURNEMOUTH 2-2 MANCHESTER UNITED
Bournemouth and Manchester United share the spoils with a 2-2 draw at the Vitality Stadium. The Cherries opened the scoring in the first half through Solanke, with his powerful shot flying into the bottom corner from outside of the box, leaving Onana with no chance. Iraola's side pushed for the second, but against the run of play, Fernandes popped up in the penalty area to volley in an equaliser from just a few yards out. It didn't take long for Bournemouth to get back in front, as Kluivert drifted in from the right-hand side to fire in at the near post before half-time, with the Cherries going into the break with a narrow lead. In the second half, Iraola's men looked threatening in the final third, but United were awarded a penalty after Smith handled inside the box, and Fernandes tucked it away to equalise for United. There was almost late drama as Bournemouth were given a stoppage-time penalty, but after a VAR review, the officials decided that the foul was committed outside of the area. Ten Hag's side have now won just once in their last seven Premier League games, while the Cherries, who finished with a higher xG (1.75 to 1.18), extend their unbeaten run at home to four matches. That's all for today, goodbye!